 So for those of you who have been following along on my Instagram story, it's David Underscore, Seymour One if you don't follow me already You know what's going on for those of you who do not it is Seven a.m. On Friday morning, which I'm going to post this video I have not gone to bed yet. It is fully Bright outside and hopefully within the next few weeks you guys will see why I have been on such an insane sleep schedule What's going on guys welcome back to a brand new Buzzfeed test now. I told you last week I am making the very expensive steak Japanese katsu sandwich for no other reason than the fact that I want to make it and Also the fact that it came in second on last week's poll I have wanted to try not only making this but obviously eating this for forever But the main obstacle is getting the actual beef for this and when I tell you I spent the entire day searching different kinds of specialty grocery stores and butcher shops and When I tell you I cannot find any kind of meat in a similar cut as what is needed here I'm not lying After I wasted about three hours driving around to all my local shops I called Basically everywhere within three hours drive of my house and like nobody has a Japanese wagyu beef or a chato brian caught a beef. It's just impossible apparently The only way I think this is gonna happen is if I just give in and order it online I ended up spending $75 on this one steak and had to wait about five days for it to arrive Regardless I am ecstatic to give this sandwich a try after all these months So let's get right into it Now you may be thinking I'm just gonna slap together a Stakes and which with some fried meat some bread and some sauce. Oh, no, no, no, no Before we can even start to cook the meat I have to make a homemade Katsu sauce and a homemade Japanese milk bread. So Pray for me, please now for the milk bread I grabbed some bread flour and kosher salt some yeast sugar and butter and Ironically enough, we're actually gonna be following a bon appetit recipe for this milk bread And even though as I showed you we're only using a very select amount of ingredients here. This is a very involved process I'm having this recipe because I only need one loaf But even still it involves two different rises a bunch of different kneading techniques It's it's very involved if you want to see the actual recipe I followed It's gonna be in the description tab underneath this video Although this took a ton of work this came out looking and smelling amazing It almost smells like a pretzel bread for some reason I love the browning and the way this looks So I'm gonna let it cool while I work on the Katsu sauce For that you're gonna want to grab some mirin and ketchup Some Worcestershire sauce and brown sugar soy sauce fresh ginger and fresh garlic I know this may seem a little redundant a little bit not necessary But I just want to stress how important fresh garlic and fresh ginger are for this sauce Whether you mince the two ingredients whether you put it through a garlic press and Like a cheese grater like I did It's very important that you use these fresh aromatics because it pretty much makes the whole sauce It is primarily ketchup at the base But once you combine all this stuff together this like very special marriage happens and I just love Japanese food Have I said before probably if not I'd like to say it again and now we have to work on the scariest part of this entire thing the steaks To prepare them I grabbed some salt and panko bread crumbs Some cheap steaks and then some flour and eggs now the reason I'm doing this first just like Nikki and re-igate in the video is just to test out some different oil temperatures some different cook times I'm gonna hopefully get everything down pat before I Throw in my very expensive steak where we only have one shot and once I had this piece of meat fully coated fully chilled and into and out of my oil I Think this might be a bit overdone We are gonna give it a quick try though. So let's see how this tastes So The outside on this looks and feels great. It's like super crispy Nice golden brown. I'm just worried about the inside It's good. It's still a little bit tough Obviously because it's a cheaper cut of beef The outside is a nice crisp. It's a decent flavor As I said, I think it's a bit overcooked based on award trying to go for it here. So That's good knowledge to have Not being that the cheap stuff was a lot thinner I think the same temperature and time is gonna be perfect for our real stuff I do have to chop this in half though. So steak purists out there. Please close your eyes I just think this is gonna fit on our square sandwich a lot better. So Hopefully it'll make our lives easier. I coated it the same way as the cheap stuff I fried it for the same time at the same temperature oil and I like rare to medium rare steaks as much as the next guy, but this is a little bit too raw for me In fact, I think this might still be moving as we speak So I think I'm gonna try to skewer These back together and fry them for a few more minutes. I listen. I don't know how else I was gonna salvage these steaks It might dry it out. It might make it cook all weird either way. I'm just gonna give it a shot About three minutes later. I Listen if I was preparing this in a restaurant or for anybody else except me I would trim down the edges make it look a little bit nicer But it's for me. Why would I waste some nice edges of steak just to get it into like a perfect square who cares? You guys are gonna be pissed at me Not only is this $73 steak grossly overpriced and not worth the Tenderness that you're supposed to get from it The best part of this sandwich is the katsu sauce that perfect marriage of like acidity from ketchup and Saw and garlic and ginger just one of my favorite flavors and it's just like Overshadows the meat even though it was a $75 steak as with anything I could have disgustingly Cooked this wrong obviously But visually it looked very similar to what theirs look like in the video. I Don't know in my very humble opinion if you're gonna spend that much on a steak. Why deep fry it? Just like grill it or put it on a nice flat top and get a nice char I feel like a sandwich is just Kind of like a disrespect to what a good high quality steak it could be I do hope you guys enjoyed today's video If you did slap a like on this one. Let's see what time it is now. It is currently 713 am so Just getting earlier in the morning. I have another video set for you guys on Monday Which should be really good. I'm in the process of working on it as we speak if you do not follow me on Twitter and Instagram already The links will be in the description other than that have an awesome weekend. I will see you right back here next time puss My money super lazy Try making me tonight They paint me try and supersize my life for my 18. Yeah, I was in wavy, but we had a vision We can make it up Oh boy Well, that's not gonna work come look at this What do I do now You