 You guys are something else, man. When there is a recipe that is uploaded that is at all difficult or absurd to make or extremely unhealthy, I'll know about it in 10 seconds or less. Literally, I don't know how many of the top comments are about me. Look at this. 1200 of you. No! Tell David Seymour. David, that is all. You guys are dedicated. I will give you that. I try to upload a new restaurant test completely unrelated to Buzzfeed. Actually, go watch it if you haven't. Every single comment. 100 layer. Lasagna. 100 layer. Please make the 100 layer. Do you wear lipstick? No, I do not. You guys get the point. When you want me to do something, you'll let me know very, very quickly. But this time, I refuse to let this be Chocolate Corson's part 2 and have to hear about it for 4 months. So I'm getting it done today. Let's go. Let's go to the store. Alright, here we are in my local store. This thing is going to need 6 pounds of ground beef, so I grabbed 2 of these humongous packages. Obviously, we're also going to need a ton of pasta sauce and tomato paste. Now, because I don't know exactly how many pasta sheets are in all these boxes, I grabbed them all. I also had to get a couple gluten free ones because I'm not sure if I'm going to have enough. I just love spending $35 on pasta. Oh, how I wish I could just get a bunch of this frozen crap and stack it up instead of putting myself through this. Not an option today. Let's get right into it. I got home and unloaded all the boxes of pasta that I got. Two of them were already broken up from getting it home. Wonderful. We're going to start by making the walls out of foil and some of the sheets of pasta. I grabbed 6 feet worth of aluminum foil and I will give tasty a lot of credit for this. I was pretty impressed. This was pretty darn creative. It should work because it's just foil and pasta, but it should be strong enough to hold the whole thing together. But we do now have to start on the best shamel sauce, the beashamel, who knows. A stick of butter melted down along with a half cup of flour. I mixed those two together and let it get a little bit brown and slowly whisk in 8 cups of 2% milk. That's what I'm going to use. They didn't really clarify what type of milk to use for this. Now, I'm just going to go ahead and assume that they are replacing the ricotta cheese with this sauce. Probably to get it to stick together better, but personally, I'd rather have cheese. That's just me. But I'm going to put that to the side and move right along. I spent well over in our chopping up all of these onions and celery steaks and carrots it just took forever. By the end of it, I had a nasty blister from the knife I was using. Look at this thing. It focuses on my grody finger. Look at that. I'm sure it's just because I was holding the knife wrong, but this thing hurts now, right? Good thing I had some good music and some podcasts to listen to while I was doing this. That's all I got to say. I also quickly weighed out 6 pounds of ground beef because the two packages I got were about 3.5 pounds each. I don't know why they packaged them like that, but they do. I also popped open my 4 cans, my 428 ounce cans of tomato sauce. This just goes to show that in Tasty's video, they must have the recipe or even quarter it because that is not a big 28 ounce can, all right? So let's throw this sauce together. A half cup of olive oil, along with all of our finely chopped up vegetables. I feel like I'm just making a tomato vegetable soup at this point, but I let them all get a little bit translucent before adding in the 6 pounds of ground beef. So I know this is the biggest pot that I own, so if this doesn't fit in here, I'm pretty much going to be out of luck with this. Never got the meat nice and browned. I threw in the 428 ounce cans of tomato sauce along with that tomato paste. I'm hoping that one little can is going to be enough to thicken this whole thing up. And I just finished it with some salt and pepper and then 4 cups of chicken stock that I slowly added in as I mixed. At this point I was looking pretty good, surprisingly, so I covered it up and let it simmer for about 2 hours. And later I checked. Although it's smelling amazing in here, mine is very watery. It's a lot looser than tasty as it was and I feel like that might be an issue, but this is their recipe. I'm not going to change it or try to fix it. I'm just going to roll with it. And began the hours upon hours long process of stacking up my 100 layers of lasagna. Why do I spend my time doing this for you guys mainly? I'm also going to be honest. I completely lost count a couple of times. I'm just going to use almost all the pasta that I bought and hope if anything it's over 100 layers. And as you can see our juicies haus gave us a problem. It started leaking everywhere, including my floor. Nala was having a field day. I tried to put the square pan inside of a bigger glass pan and that wasn't really big enough, so I ended up using a cookie tray which it might help anyways because that'll evenly distribute the weight across the oven rack so ours doesn't bend like they had in their video. And I've really tried hard up until this point, but you got to laugh at the Parmesan cheese on top of this. It's 100 layers of pasta and sauce with no mozzarella, no ricotta, no anything. But did you say, hmm, I'm going to throw a little Parmesan on top and that'll suffice. I showed this to my Italian grandma and she was disgusted with it. I wish I got a reaction that would have been amazing, but I didn't. Just know it was very reminiscent of when BuzzFeed did the Italian grandma's react to Olive Garden. What a f*** made this. Is it a Parmesan? Afterwards, this looks interesting. It bursted a little bit out of the side, not really too surprised there. I gave it a while to cool off before trying to cut myself a piece. This was honestly a nightmare. This meat was flying everywhere. It was going to roll with it. And began the hours upon hours long process of stacking up my 100 layers of lasagna. Why do I spend my time doing this? For you guys, mainly. I'm also going to be honest, I completely lost count a couple times. I'm just going to use almost all the pasta that I bought and hope if anything, it's over 100 layers. As you can see, our juicies haus gave us a problem. It started leaking everywhere, including my floor. Nala was having a field day. I tried to put the square pan inside of a bigger glass pan and that wasn't really big enough, so I ended up using a cookie tray, which it might help anyways, because that'll evenly distribute the weight across the oven rack, so ours doesn't bend like they had in their video. And I've really tried hard up until this point, but you got to laugh at the Parmesan cheese on top of this. It's 100 layers of pasta and sauce with no mozzarella, no ricotta, no anything. But they just say, hmm, I'm going to throw a little Parmesan on top and that'll suffice. I showed this to my Italian grandma and she was disgusted with it. I wish I got a reaction that would have been amazing, but I didn't. Just know it was very reminiscent of when BuzzFeed did the Italian grandma's react to Olive Garden. Who the f*** made this? Is it a Parmesan? Afterwards, this looks interesting. It bursted a little bit out of the side, not really too surprised there. I gave it a while to cool off before trying to cut myself a piece. This was honestly a nightmare. This meat was flying everywhere. It's a sentence I never thought I'd say. I guess we just have to give it a try. This is more pasta than three people should eat in one sitting and it's not even one sixteenth of that panoposta up there. It's also only like two hours after I took it out of the oven. I had to let it cool and you can kind of see how dried out it is. I know it's going to get yelled at for that, so it's really not that much longer after. It's basically a brick of pasta. This would be a task for the L.I.V. Stir, Matt Stoney or somebody. The little bit of sauce.