 You thought your volume was off again? That's two times you have fallen for that. Come on guys. This week on Instagram poll tests, I give you four options, two desserts and two savory meals to know what a surprise you guys picked, the three foot long pizza slice as done by Alvin. Now here's my outlook on this. So let me guys complain that it's just a pizza in the shape of a big slice instead of a circle. And I kind of agree. And because of that, I'm going to take some steps in making it look like a genuine large slice as opposed to just a large pizza in the shape of a slice. I kind of feel like now's the time to put on my Halloween costume again. I was tomato head. There's a little pizza. But it would ruin my hair, so like, not today. If you were going to try to make this three foot long pepperoni pizza slice, and grab yourself some olive oil and flour, sandmarzano tomatoes and kosher salt, sugar, giant pepperoni slices, mozzarella cheese, yeast and warm water. Now some of you who have been around for a while may know that I am horrible with breads or any type of dough involving having to bloom yeast. I make sure the water temperature is perfect. It's at 105 right between the 110 and 110 that the package says. I try to measure really meticulously and I feel like I just always muff it up in some way or it just doesn't rise. So we'll see how this one comes out. Also, as I throw all these ingredients together in my stand mixer, I'd like to mention that this dough recipe is made for four pizza's. Today, however, it will be repurposed for one enormous pizza slice or as much as we could fit on our cookie tray. So we'll see about that. I toss it in a bowl with some olive oil, cover this and let it rise for at least two hours. And in the meantime, we're going to work on my tomato sauce. Now, it's my blender. I added the can of whole sandmarzano tomatoes and a tablespoon of salt. And this just feels wrong to me. I feel like some pizza purist at Tasty came up with this that the tomatoes are just so good that they only need this whole. Oh, I'm going to get so roasted for that. I have to add at least just a little bit of dried oregano and a little bit of garlic to add some flavor to this so it doesn't taste like marinara or just ketchup. And for those of you who are now confused, yes, there is a difference between pizza sauce and marinara sauce. I don't ask me what it is, but it's true. All we have to do now is just shred a ton of our mozzarella cheese. I accidentally got some whole milk instead of low moisture, which I would normally get, so we don't get pools of cheese juice. And finally, I groused my dough and somehow my complaining has resulted in a super successful pizza dough. At the very least, anyways, it has more than doubled in size. Will it taste any good? That remains to be seen. I began to work my dough just as I would any normal pizza and then halfway through, I tried to start to form it in the shape of a giant pizza slice. I eventually realizing this was too much and I was just going to have to peel some off the edges. And because this is a ton of dough, I'm going to pre-bake this for a couple minutes, just like Alvin did to make sure there's no raw spots anywhere. And once I pulled it out, I began to throw all my toppings on there. Now, I don't really want to trim anymore off. I want to try to keep the actual three foot length, but as you can see, there's a little bit of an overhang. So, I'm just going to try to bake this and see what happens. Maybe I could flatten it out at the end. And I have to say, guys, this looks pretty darn good at the moment. And once I baked it off and scraped it off the cookie sheet, I think this looks pretty close to a giant pizza slice. Hey, Mom. Do you want a slice? I gave it to me yesterday. Well, there's only one slice, so it's all for me. Sorry. Well, this is a weird angle. I feel like it meets to happen, so you can see the entire slice. Will he be able to pick this up? Is the question. I'm going to lean on now. Oh my god. I wish the tip wasn't so ugly. Oh god, I'm losing it. Oh no, oh no. I did not bite it all. I just ripped the crust part off on the bottom. Here we go. This is what I'm dealing with, currently. I'm going to lose this entire thing. I don't know if you could see. There is just a lake of grease forming. Oh, oh. It's good. It's a little doughy. The dough is not cooked enough and it's not crispy enough. Even if you cut this up into normal sized pieces, this wouldn't be like a fantastic pizza. It's not bad, though. And I'm definitely going to eat more off camera. I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did, slap a like on this one. Announcements. I have a ton of videos. When I mean a ton, I'm not joking. A secondary videos to go up on Sundays and Mondays. Bon appetit, test. Restaurant test. DIYs. I'm going to hold off on all of them until we get closer to the summer. I feel like you guys are just busy with finals and end of semesters and moving and stuff. So we're going to wait. I just feel like it's a little bit counterintuitive to put hours and hours into videos. And then you guys aren't able to watch them because you're busy. So we'll hold them off. Other than that, though, have an awesome weekend. And I will see you right back here next time. Peace. Bye.