 What is going on my peeps? Welcome back to another Buzzfeed test. Boys and girls, we have quietly been moving up the ladder in the number of episodes of this we've done. I think we're at 94 and 95 by now. Very scarily close to 100, so God knows what I'm gonna do for that. But this week we are doing the highly requested 3 ingredient Crembrulet. I've done a cookies in Crembrulet in the past that I learned a few things from. It came out decent, but I think I could use some of that to integrate into today's video, so let's get right into it. So guys, holding true to the title, we're literally only using 3 ingredients for this. Some sugar, a couple of eggs, and let's just say a couple different types of ice cream. So step one will be grabbing a heaping scoop of my vanilla ice cream, which, complaint number one, there are no measurements on the video in the description. I don't know why, but we will be going by eye today. So I might query that for about 40 seconds until it melted down like this. I immediately whisked in 1 egg yolk until that was combined in, and then transferred that mix over to my glass ramekin. Still don't know if I'm saying that properly, but I then threw it into my square baking dish and said to the side while I prepared 3 more ice cream flavors. The same exact way with the big scoop of ice cream, 1 egg yolk, you guys know the drill. If any of these end up coming out good, I will definitely be remaking them because they're so damn easy. But once I had all 4 of my flavors prepared and into my baking pan, I filled that up with some hot water, like 3-4 quarters of the way, and set them into a 325 degree oven for 40 minutes. You then have to take them out, drain out the water, chill them for 3 hours in the fridge. It's a little bit of a long process. But I got to here needless to say, these don't look very pretty. They all kind of flattened almost to half of where they were originally up to on the glass. They're also very weird, sticky texture. I don't even want to show you the strawberry one because it's disgusting looking. But I guess I'll attempt to finish these guys. I've got some sugar over the top, and unlike last time where I put these in the broiler, and I got that nasty oily puddle on top. I actually stopped being lazy and went out and got an actual blowtorch. I'm like 50% sure that this thing is safe with food, but it's good enough for me. I do wonder how a video would go with both this thing and rob in it. You guys can all make your guesses in the comments. But once I had this sugar browned up and hardened a bit, I tried to crack into it, and it still doesn't look very pretty, but we're gonna give it a try anyway. So I can tell you right now, this thing does not look anything like tasties does. There's has a real smooth light putting like texture underneath mine is just hard and disgusting looking. As expected though, it has a nice crunch from the sugar. I guess you can't really mess that up. It just kind of looks gross. It looks like scrambled eggs with some type of brownness on the time. But as always, I gotta try it anyway. That's what it tastes like too, just straight sugary scrambled eggs. Way too much overwhelming egg flavor. I'm gonna give it another go. I'm gonna adjust a couple things to see if I can get this torque out a little bit. Let's try it. So this time around, I'm upping the amount of ice cream I'm using to hopefully offset that eggy flavor. I'm still gonna hold true to their recipe and use a full egg yolk for this. It should be noted that this time I let the ice cream actually cool down before I added the egg. I don't know if that will make a difference. But this time I baked it alone in the pan with the water for the same amount of time at the same temperature. And it definitely looks more promising. It's higher up in the glass at least. So I tossed some sugar down. I browned it again with my torch. And let's try round two. Let's see if it has that same nice beautiful cracking effect on the top with the nice smooth texture underneath. Let's see. Oh wait, this looks kind of promising. And you guys see it's kind of a little better than last time. I'm just praying it tastes a lot less like eggs and I will be happy. So it does. And this is pretty good. The flavor is good. Obviously you guys saw how easy and quick it was to make kind of a cheat cream relay. I'm still not in love with the texture though. It's like a weird. It's just not very smooth. It's not like putting it. It's kind of... I don't know. It's hard to explain. It is pretty tasty though and I'll probably end up finishing it. So I'll give this a 8 out of 10. But I hope you guys enjoyed today's Buzzfeed test. If you did leave me a big like. Follow me on Twitter, Instagram. Give me some more suggestions for Buzzfeed tests in the comments. We have two more pumpkin spice recipes. One this Monday and then one the following Monday the day before Halloween. So keep your eye out for that and other than that have an awesome rest of your weekend. And I'll see you right back here on Monday. You