 What's going on guys and welcome back to this week's BuzzFeed Test! First and foremost, happy St. Patrick's Day to all my Irish peeps out there. Whatever it is you are doing today, please do it safe. And of course, enjoy it. And secondly, last week I hinted that this week's video is gonna be a little bit special and a ton of you guys were able to guess why in the comments. Tomorrow is my 20th birthday. Oh, I don't wanna talk about it. For those of you who did not know, I'm 19 right now. Tomorrow is the first day of me never being a teenager ever again. I have been trying my best not to think of it that way, but I guess I just have to face the facts. I can't change it. But considering I'm most likely gonna be working tomorrow, why not celebrate it today with all of you guys? That is exactly why I decided to do the three ingredient ice cream birthday cake. Sounds very strange and kinda out there, but nonetheless, let's get right into it. Alright guys, just like the title of this video shows, all you're gonna need is three ingredients, some self-rising flour, some birthday cake ice cream, and some rainbow sprinkles. First and foremost, to begin this recipe, you need a bunts pan. In that bunts pan, you are gonna coat it in some butter or some cooking spray. Afterwards, you're gonna coat the bottom in some rainbow sprinkles and then set the pan aside. Now onto the batter. First you're gonna take one, two, three full cups of the self-rising flour, and then an entire gallon or 1.5 quarts of ice cream. I might need a bigger bowl, and let me just tell you this was a process. In order to get all this thoroughly mixed, no lie, it took me about 20 minutes. I'm guessing that the ice cream was maybe a little too frozen, but I just kept going back and forth between you hand mixing it and using the electric mixer, just be as patient as possible After the 20 minutes, and I thought that I got it thoroughly mixed, it looked like this. It was really, really thick. Maybe that's a testament to the reason Buzzfeed didn't show this step in their video. Either way, I kept pressing on, and then I threw it into a 350 degree oven for about 40 minutes. 40 minutes later, I took it out of the oven, threw a cutting board on top of it, and then slowly and carefully tried to flip it over. And wow, that actually popped right out. It looks decently good, I'd say. Sprinkles melted a little bit, and it's maybe a little browner than the video, but not bad overall. So it looks more like a blues-blue cake than a birthday cake, but... Kind of exactly how I expected it to taste. Little ice creamy, little dohy, little play-dowy overall. Not that bad, actually. For me, and I'm sure a lot of you guys do the same. Whenever I see or hear about something this simple, your automatic impression is that there's no way I could come out good, but I'm with it. I think inappropriate rating for this one would be 8 out of 10. Now, like I said before, this one's blue. And yes, it's for my birthday and all that, but obviously, it's the same pattern as they do. And a whole lot more people are going to be celebrating that than my birthday. So I wanted to think of a way to please you guys too. I just have to come up with a substitute for the ice cream. Hi, can I have four large shamrock shakes? Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you. We got it. Now that we have returned home with the shamrock shakes, we're going to do the same exact process as the last cake. I held on to the ice cream carton in order to measure them out. I also let these melt down to a liquid form because I'm assuming that it's going to be a whole lot easier to mix than the ice cream was. But I thoroughly mixed that and then in my prepared bunch pan, toss that in and then right into the oven, that one goes as well. About 40 to 45 minutes later, I popped it out and... Oh, if you kind of press on the top there, it looks like a little losing sensation going on. Any of you watch Dr. Sandalie on YouTube, you can kind of make a good comparison. I just want to think about my entire life. Either way, I flipped it over as well. I tried to pop it out of there and... Wow. Let me just cut a piece out here. This is the strangest texture I ever came across in a cake in my life. And it's very malleable, too. And actually, let me take this piece and roll it up a little bit and... Yep. Yep, just as I thought. The perfect bouncy ball. So if I had a choice, I probably wouldn't be eating this. But... That one was a failure. It has a taste very reminiscent of some modeling clay, maybe. Yeah, don't do this one, guys. What a shame. But if you guys like today's BuzzFeed Test Smash, a like on it for me, let's try to shoot for 4,500 today. I posted a picture of both of those cakes on Instagram the other day. So if you haven't seen that, go over there and check it out if you want. As always, if you have more recipes that I haven't tried yet, leave them down in the comments, tweet them at me. Thank you guys so much for making it to the end of the video. Have an absolutely awesome rest of your week. And I'll see you right back here. Maybe next Sunday. I don't know. No promises. I'll do my best. Peace.