 Oh good, another recipe made for 20 plus people that I'm probably going to eat the most of out of the window goes my diet. But what is going on my peeps, thank you for coming back to the channel as always. Now this recipe, just like the eight desserts in one pan I did, it's made for a large number of people like a party, a family gathering, not just me to sit alone in my basement and eat. It is the four flavor sheet pan crunch wrap. If you've ever tried that crunch wrap from Taco Bell, you would know how good these could potentially be. You know, if we're using fresh good ingredients, which it seems like we're going to, but it is going to be a lot of work, so let's just jump right into it. Now guys, the first of the four flavors we're going to be attacking is the chicken. I grabbed some chicken breasts and red pepper, some white onion and lime, some olive oil, which you're going to have to get used to in this video, fresh cilantro and some taco seasoning. Now as a very inexperienced and mediocre cook, I will admit, I've never parboiled chicken before. But I just let those simmer for about 15 minutes. In the meantime, we're going to cut up our white onions, our peppers, all of which of course tasty casually doesn't show in their video again. By the end of this video, I'm probably also going to be sick of cutting onions. And in the same way, I usually prepare fresh parsley. I'm getting a bunch of the cilantro, because we are going to need it. After I got all that stuff prepared, I grabbed my chickens out of the water and started shredding it up with two forks. I don't know exactly how much chicken I'm going to need. I'll probably have a little bit left over. I'm just happy these look cooked and decent. And now we can move right along. So in my non-stick pan, I threw down some olive oil and my onion and pepper first. I'll let that to cook down for a couple of minutes before adding in two cups of that shredded chicken, that taco seasoning, which I'm sure I'm going to get roasted for using. Some fresh cilantro and the juice of half of a lime. And I don't know exactly how long to let this cook down. I gave it about five minutes. Everything looked like it came together nicely. So I'm going to move on to number two. And this one's just a veggie one with olive oil, paprika and cumin, salt and pepper. Unfortunately, I don't have another red pepper. So I'm going to use a green and an orange one this time. Some more onion and lime. And once again, I'm sure you guys are already tired of watching me cut vegetables. But I cut the onion a little bit different in some shoe strings this time. And the peppers in some nice slices. I took some time to remove all the seeds out of my two peppers. I tried to not cut my finger open with this knife. I can't tell you guys how many people that I know either personally or I've seen in person have told me how nervous I make them when I use some of these knives. Because they just don't trust me apparently. I don't blame any of them because one day it'll probably be bad. Nice and simple, but smelling delicious. Recipe number two of four is complete. For number three, I grabbed, can you guess some olive oil, onion and lime, this time some ground beef, some cilantro, a few tomatoes and some more taco seasoning. I give you guys a fair warning. You're going to see quite a bit of onion cutting today. If I was tasty, I would have cut all this out, but I'm not. So I got that done. This time, I have to dice up some tomatoes, which as a lot of you know, I'm not the biggest fan of tomatoes. I'd rather skip them completely if I'm being honest, but they're a pretty big component in this recipe, so I'm just going to leave them in. Some more olive oil and onion you would think we're doing the same thing four times over. And then a pound of that ground beef, it seems like quite a bit of onion. I'm thinking I added maybe a little bit too much, plus they're making me cry more than Logan Paul did when he lost his ad revenue. I can always rely on the Paul Brothers to give me some content from my videos, but I just added the tomato and some more lime juice. I cannot explain how good this is smelling right now, plus with the other two recipes that I've made already. I just I want to dig in, but I'm not going to yet because the last of our recipes includes some eggs and butter, some more tomatoes and onions and salt and pepper. This one's going to be the simplest. I took another five minutes to cut this onion and tomato up and then just grab six eggs. You're going to want to scramble them lightly in a separate bowl first. And I'm sure you guys know the drill by now. The only difference here obviously is the eggs. I did add the salt and pepper to the pan after I added all the other ingredients and I gave those a nice scramble until everything was cooked and the eggs weren't runny anymore and put those to the side because we're ready to assemble this, right? Wrong. The rest of the ingredients you need for this very long recipe are bacon, some giant flour tortillas, some small corn tortillas that I'm going to bake first, both sharp cheddar cheese and Monterey Jack cheese. So like I said, the first thing I did was grab those small corn tortillas. They already had like store bought tostadas already. I could not find them. I'm thinking these might come out even better. Once I tossed them in some olive oil, salt and lime juice, I baked them in a 400 degree oven and they came out really good. I put them to the side while I ripped open my pound of bacon. I feel like some poor company needs to start sponsoring these videos. And thankfully, unlike the putrid bacon that I tried to eat last time, this is crispy and delicious just how I expected it to be. And once I had half of that pound of bacon cooked up, I gave it a rough chop and set that to the side as well. Now the last prep that we have to do is just shred up our blocks of cheese. You guys know what cheddar cheese looks like. This took me about 10 minutes, but finally we are ready to throw it all together. Hallelujah. Onto my cookie sheet, which I think is the same size as tasty. I put down some cooking spray first and then seven of my large flour tortillas. You kind of want to interlace them here so as they cook, they kind of mend together, but the cheese will help doing that as well. Three cups of both cheddar and Monterey Jack. But for the main ingredients, in the first corner, I put down the chicken mix, which was actually the perfect amount. I was surprised. I cornered that off and in the second corner, I added in my pepper mixture. Once again, surprisingly, it was the perfect amount. I'm also going super OCD, just like old school David trying to get these perfectly squared away in each corner. Once you have all of that down, you're going to toss on your chopped up bacon across the top of that as well. For the next layer, I tossed down six of our crispy Montorteas and topped the entire thing off with the rest of my shredded cheese. I don't know how I'm going to prevent myself from eating half of this thing, but with the eighth and final flour tortilla, I slapped it down in the middle and folded up every single other one around the corners and up to the top and they actually covered this whole thing very nicely. You're going to want to weigh this thing down with some other pans, maybe your cast iron skillet, whatever you have the heavy and oven safe. And into a 375 degree oven, this went for 20 minutes after that. I took off the weights that I had on top and left it in for another 15. After that 15 minutes, I honestly, I don't have words for how this looks and smells right about now. Shout out to my dad who flipped it for me because I was too scared to ruin the whole thing. And this looks absolutely glorious. So I tried to cut it up in some even segments. I got six squares out of each flavor which I do think was more than tasty got. But the cheese looks melty, the beef and the chicken smell amazing. I have to taste this thing right now. It's been a very long time since I was this excited to try something. Also, I have a little bit of salsa because I think it's only right. And I'm going to try them in the order that I made them. So first the chicken. Oh man, I'm hungry too. This is going to be bad. The chicken is perfect. It's not dry, it's seasoned, that cheese is awesome. The only question I have is, I don't know where that corn tortilla went because there's like no crunch in it. This is the first one. And I'm going to finish it. This is not going to go damn, that is good. Even if you don't make that massive sheet of everything, just make that chicken like that. I'm sure some of you have that like once a week. I'm just not used to it. Next up is the onions and peppers, which is a little bit more greasy I feel because it was like right on the end. That's good too. I prefer the chicken one without a doubt, but I have no complaints about that one either. Onto the ground beef, which is the most common. I wouldn't say like traditional or anything because I really don't know. But I definitely think of beef mix in a crunch wrap. This is just a bunch of like, oh my gods and moaning. This is so good. Some sour cream would go very nicely with these, but a holy crap. This is amazing. I'm also going to be very honest with you guys. I started filming this at 1.30 this afternoon. It's now 9.7 and a half hours of cooking. I apparently paid off. I finished that one too. I'm actually getting a little full, but I'm going to keep chugging along. This is the egg and bacon, which is probably going to be the most unusual, but I'm looking forward to it if it's nearly as good as any of the other three. Taco Bell, sell these for breakfast. I would actually go to your restaurant more than once a year. It's like a breakfast burrito on steroids. Breakfast crunch wrap. Because I want to save room and go up and have more chicken, I'm not going to finish that. All four of them were amazing. I highly recommend you trying whichever one you think you would like more, but goddamn, 10 out of 10 if I've ever seen one. But I hope you guys enjoyed this week's Buzzfeed Test. If you did, leave me a big like. I've been filming for 30 minutes already, so this is probably going to be a super long video. I have another one coming out on Sunday. It's a DIY. It's a little bit different. So look out for that. Follow me on Instagram and Twitter. Leave me a comment. Tell me what to do next. Other than all that stuff, have an awesome weekend. I'll see you right back here next time.