 New background colors, new candle, new poster that I designed myself by the way, same old boring me. But what is going on in my peeps, it feels unbelievably good to be back in front of this camera talking to all of you, you have no idea. So what have you guys missed out on? I've been playing a ton of Fortnite and breaking a ton of PS4 controllers in the process. I've got sick for about 10 days, I just got over that. Have you guys all been though? I can't wait to see all the comments about how much you guys missed me. Probably will not be a single one of those. But anyway, guys, we got a good recipe to get into to start off the year right. Season three, by the way, is going to start with the eight desserts in one pan. You guys went ballistic suggesting this when it came out. I for one refused to believe that both apple and pumpkin pie, chocolate chip cookies, cheesecake, banana bread and s'mores will cook in the same amount of time. But we will find out today, so let's get right into it. So guys, the actual ingredients and recipes for all of these are pretty straightforward. I'm sure the majority of you have cooked most of these desserts you see. And I am going to make the majority of them homemade. So let's just get right into the easy stuff. I'm going to first knock out the chocolate chip cookies and I'm actually going to substitute the M&M cookies for some sugar cookies. For obvious reasons, of course, if you didn't know, I'm allergic to peanuts. And look at me getting all fancy with these new mixing bowls. I got a new cutting board, same old flowers if there that does not fit with any bowl that I own. And in about 25 minutes and a couple simple ingredients I had, my chocolate chip cookie dough prepared. I moved on to the sugar cookie stuff. For the rest of you that I'm following, you want to prepare all your dry ingredients separately in a different bowl first. Then all of the rest of your ingredients and slowly add in the dry stuff. For each one of these cookies, I used half of an egg by the way, kind of a pain. And just as quickly as the chocolate chip, our sugar cookie batter is done. I'm not going to move on to the banana bread. And unfortunately, my bananas are nowhere near ripe enough to make a banana bread with. So I'm actually going to try something I saw on a life hack video. And just toss those in a 300 degree oven for about 18 minutes. Afterwards, they look really brown, but they are now super mushy and workable for this recipe. This is another just super simple, really basic recipe, some vanilla and flour, a little bit of egg. And we are moving right along because three of our eight desserts are ready to go. Number four is going to be our cheesecake. And literally, the first recipe of the year has to involve this, of course. How could it not? I do want to mention because I can't help myself, the fact that cheesecake is 90% cream cheese makes me want to actually vomit. I don't know how any human eats this nasty stuff, but I finished it and moved on. Now I am going to admit, for the brownies, I just used a normal box mix. I think these are going to work a little bit easier for putting them in between eight different other desserts. So I just followed the instructions on the box and it came out good, surprise, surprise. And lastly, we have to prepare our delicious fresh pie filling with some farm fresh apples and some delicious fresh pumpkin. I cannot be bothered to take the time to make whole batches of two different pie fillings and then only use a cup of each. I'm sorry. The very last thing I have to do though before I whip this all together is roll out my pie crust, which was a little bit of a headache. I wasn't really sure of the exact dimensions I was trying to go for. I was trying to piece two different crusts together. It was, it was a pain. Also rolling out and cutting these little dividers, like one inch high, that's even worse. So if you want to try this, good luck. And now we can finally move on to assembling this. I actually have the same cookie tray that they used in the video. I was shocked when I found this in my basement. And obviously already I have the pie crust on there and I went to do the cookie dough and realized I missed an important step. David, you are an idiot. You need to put parchment paper down first or else this whole thing will be a sticky mess. Luckily that part was actually kind of easy. So we're going to move on. I grabbed both of my cookie doughs and rolled them out with the rolling pin, cut them into about four by six rectangles and threw those right down. I dumped in some of my brownie mix, which is super runny. I'm worried that this is going to run all over my pan. So I'm going to try to work pretty quick here. But next up, I threw down some grim crackers along the sides of my cookie and across the bottom. These actually ended up fitting pretty perfectly. I just had to cut off the tips. And with that, we're going to throw down some chocolate and marshmallows. This is probably what I'm most nervous about burning. I've never cooked s'mores for an hour, so we will see. Next up, I filled in my pie crust one side with the apple pie filling, the other with the pumpkin. Yes, I know I'm going to get a lot of flak for using this canned crap. It just has to be done today. Okay, we're going to ease our way back into these videos. And finally, finish off that middle, one half being with the banana bread batter, another separation with some more grim crackers across the sides in the bottom and our disgusting cheesecake filling. Now, after one hour at 300 degrees in the oven, I was shocked to see that the majority of this seemed pretty well cooked. Although, I'm definitely not a cheesecake expert, so it remains to be seen about that. But I got a couple pieces and I'm excited to try them out. So right here, ladies and gentlemen, are the main junctions in our dessert with half and half or four quarters of everything. I think I'm going to try for the simple stuff first. This is brownie and sugar cookie. I'm mostly testing how well cooked all this stuff is, because I'm really intrigued. The brownie's very good though. I don't know if that was a very bland sugar cookie recipe, or I cooked it too long. It kind of don't taste like anything. Let's get some of our delicious apple and pumpkin pies. Fresh from the grove. For some reason, I really like that pre-made apple pie filling. I kind of think of it as its own thing, but it's good. I don't mind it. The pumpkin's kind of gross. I'm not going to lie. This right here is what I'm most excited for. When can you get a single two-inch square with a chocolate chip cookie, brownie, sugar cookie, and a s'more? Where? Tell me. I have to say I'm most impressed with how everything kind of like mended together. Like it's all one cohesive piece. It's not full on the part. The marshmallows are like burnt to a crisp. It tastes good. It's just weird. Sorry guys, it's turned out pretty good. I'm going to give it an 8 out of 10. I'll see you later. Bye. I don't want to eat the cheesecake. This doesn't even smell good. It smells like a dirty public bathroom. And no thank you. Oh, that look at that mess. Oh, look at that mess. But I hope you guys enjoyed today's BuzzFeed Test. If you did slap a like on this video, I am so happy to be back. You have no idea. My break was great. It was much needed. But I miss you guys. I really do. Like during the day, I don't do much else. A couple quick announcements for those of you that made it to the end of the video. Number one, I'm starting a brand new series within the next 10 days or so. I got to get a few things I don't doubt first. It's kind of similar to something I've done in the past. But a lot of changes have been made. So we'll see how it goes. Number two, I'm going to do the Milvlog. Mix with a Q&A coming up on my second channel. So look out for that. And number three, I know it's very early. But I am definitely going to playlist Orlando this year. Get your tickets. So I got to hang out with some of you. I missed a lot of you last year. Oh, then I though I have an absolutely awesome rest of your week. And I'll see you right back here for the next one.