 Dude, you should pick a harder recipe. Not all I know know, I'm trying to blurring. Please, I'm begging you, don't do that. None of them look that entertaining honestly. Please, something more challenging. I want something different. So, I was gonna be trying to keep the stage open. What are you doing? Don't care. Don't care. Don't care. Still don't care. What'd you say? I just wanna know what you said. What did you say? I don't care. God forbade I get one week of a less challenging recipe. Also, I purposely do these polls so you guys can choose what you wanna see the most. So... But what's going on guys? Welcome back to a brand new video. As you saw this week, I did the poll on the community tab right here on YouTube. And despite the outrage, I'm gonna try to do the winner, Alex's cookies and ice cream dough. I'm always conflicted during times like these because I do these polls so that I can do what the majority of the viewers wanna see, but then every single top comment are complaints. So, like, I'm not sure what to do. I'll tell you what actually, I'm gonna do something that I've never tried before, whichever recipe you wanna see that has ever been uploaded on tasty, put it in the comments right now, which ever comment has the most likes out of all of them is what I will do next week. So, obviously on top of leaving your own comment, like others comments with recipes that you would like to see. That's how we're gonna do it. But as for this week, I'm sure most of you have seen this recipe at some point. Alex's cookies and cream dome, I've wanted to do this countless times before. It looks really simple, but really delicious. I also enjoy Oreos, a heck of a lot more than homemade Dunkerous. So, let's get right into it. Now, as Alex says in the video, she admits that this isn't a traditional ice cream. It's more like a frozen mousse of sorts. Either way, it should be amazing. So, to make it, I grab some heavy whipping cream, a pack of Oreos, sweetened condensed milk, and some vanilla extract, that's it. Step number one is to separate the cookies from the cream of 15 Oreos. So, I know what happened to the cream staying intact on one single cookie and then the other one being clean. I feel like this just goes against the law of Oreo physics. I guess I'll just do twice the work and scrape off the cream on each side. I also think I'm probably gonna need more Oreos, so I'll have to run out and get them. Also, I'm a moron, and I only have these tiny little sandwich bags for ziplocs. So, I'm just gonna crush the cookies in two batches. No big deal. You also have to melt the cream in the microwave and intervals of about 20 seconds. You can push those two bowls aside and then grab your heavy whipping cream and with either a hand mixer or I'm gonna use my stand mixer, my new favorite tool in the whole kitchen. You wanna beat this until you get a very nice, smooth whipped cream texture. I also forgot to mention the vanilla extract that you put in at the beginning. I wanna say this took somewhere between five and eight minutes on like a medium speed, but once it was looking pretty good, I added in the whole can of sweetened milk, all of the crushed up cookies, and then the melted cream fillings. It's gonna be interesting if just the sweetness from the condensed milk is gonna be enough for this because there's obviously no sugar or anything else that we're gonna add, so we'll see. In the largest bowl that I could find, I laid down a ton of Oreos. I wanna say I ended up using a lot more than 45, like over 50. I then dumped in my whipped cream, ice cream mixture, came all the way to the top of the bowl, so a good thing I put all those cookies in there, and then popped this in the freezer for about nine or ten hours until I thought it was frozen solid. Now, this popped out real easily. I was very happy. I looks really cool on the outside, and you guys know I am friends with Alex. I really never wanna say anything negative about her food, but this did not cut for me. Unlike in her video, my cookies did not soften whatsoever. This was a nightmare to cut through. I was eventually able to get a piece, and I'm sure it's gonna taste amazing, so let's give it a shot. Look guys, the preschool play has once again made an appearance. It's been a long time. Now if you enjoy Oreos even a little bit, I'm sure this one is for you. Mmm. Now I was worried that just the ice cream portion would not be sweet enough. It is. It's very good. Also, if somebody else made this, and I just ate it unsuspectingly, I'd be very surprised. It's very light. It's essentially a frozen whipped cream. It's really good, but I don't know that I would call it ice cream. Unlike normal ice cream cake that I feel really guilty of eating a whole piece, and then it's really heavy. I don't, I feel like this wouldn't be the same. Maybe if you leave yours in the freezer for a bit longer, it'll cut better. That's probably the biggest complaint I have about this. Other than that, this is really good. I do hope you guys enjoyed today's simple, so boring and uninteresting recipe. Do not forget to comment what you want to see me do next week, and then like others comments. Also, because this is just so simple and boring, I have another video for you guys coming out, probably on Sunday, so watch out for that. Don't forget to follow me on Twitter and Instagram, having an awesome weekend, and I will see you right back here next time. Peace.