 What's going on guys, my name is David and welcome back to yet another BuzzFeed test. It's safe to say that I'm pumped for this one guys, even though last week was insanely delicious and usually we all have two good ones back to back but I got some high hopes today. Since the beginning of time, since I started these BuzzFeed videos, everyone has been suggesting the all day breakfast burger. There's no real reason I haven't done it yet, I just didn't really get around to doing it until now, so let's get to it. Alright Peeps, the most important ingredients that you're going to need today are some chatmeat. Since BuzzFeed didn't really specify what kind of burger they used, I'm just going to grab it from chatmeat and make my own like I would normally do. But I'll show you that in a minute, you're also going to need some tater tots, American cheese, butter, and an egg. Oh, and of course some thick cut bacon. So before we do anything else, let's whip up our burgers. In my recipe, I'm going to grab about a pound of chatmeat. It's pretty lean, 90% lean and 10% fat. To that, I added one egg, I have a couple of onion, a quarter cup of bread crumbs, one tablespoon of Worcestershire sauce, two cloves of garlic, and some salt and pepper. I magically mixed it up so you get to this and then I formed a nice hamburger patty. Once I got that all done, I put it to the side, grabbed myself a pan and started cooking up this bacon. I made sure they were just how I liked them, extra crispy, and drain that off and put those to the side as well. I drained some of this grease off and then threw my hamburger right down in the same pan. Hopefully it's going to pick up some of that bacon flavor. So while that was cooking up, I grabbed myself the waffle iron coated that in some butter and then threw down my tater tots. I closed that up so let that cook down and back to my burger. So after about 45 minutes on each side, I, oh, we got a little crackage there. Shouldn't be a problem though. I just threw down a couple slices of American cheese, threw some water in the pot to let it steam. Yep, there was definitely a crack in there. Still looking pretty dang delicious though, so I put that to the side and the final step is to cook in egg. They say cook it however you like it so I'm going to do mine over easy. And now it is time to assemble our masterpiece. I first grabbed my tater tot buns out of the waffle iron and threw that down. Then the cheeseburger, then the bacon. Tuck that all off with my egg, then some maple syrup, then the other bun and holy s***. This thing looks absolutely amazing. Look at all that syrup and that cheese running down off of it. I think my looks better than the Buzzfeed one. Allow me to just say that I am very, very, very, very excited for this. I don't really know how to attack this. Mastrocity. I can't find it. Oh, so happy. This requires a countdown, I think. Three, two, I'm not even like the biggest hamburger or cheeseburger guy, but good lord. That's like the best thing I've eaten and like month. My three main concerns with this for a eight it was how the syrup would taste on everything. Maple syrup and cheeseburger, I did not think was going to go together at all. The tater tot I had a feeling was going to go good with the eggs because it's like, you know, hash brown. But with the burger, good lord. Long story and pointless detail short, this thing is amazing. I'm going to go out on a limb here. This might be the best Buzzfeed test to date. That's absolutely incredibly delicious. 20 out of 10. I'm saving that one for later. Perfectly cooked burger, bacon, cheese. Oh my god. Hope you guys enjoyed today's video. I sure was held. If you did, please smash that thumbs up button for me. It means a ton. As always, if you have a recipe you think I should try that I haven't done yet, leave it right down there in the comments for me. By the way, I started a new series on Sunday. It's going to be me testing DIYs or showing you new ones that I came up with. If you didn't see it, I tried to do jello legoes, which came out pretty good. So if you haven't seen it, I'll leave it right down in the description for you. By the way, that's not going to be every single week. I forgot to mention that. That's just going to be sprinkled in here and there when I have some extra free time to do two videos a week. And that's about it. I'm going to go finish this baby off. I'll see you guys next Sunday. Peace.