 What's going on everybody? My name is David. Welcome back to yet another BuzzFeed test. Now don't quote me on this but I'm pretty sure that this one has been suggested a way more times than the pizza one. It's been suggested on every single video again and again and again avocado desserts. They might be asking yourself, David, if it's been suggested on every video, why have you waited until now to do it? And the answer to that question is because I hate avocados. Once in a while I can have a little bit of it in like sushi or something but other than that, not a fan. Which is why later today when all this is done I'm going to have some members from my family once again come try it for me. Now I'll probably try it too but I'm pretty sure and I'm going to hate them all so I can order that for either way let's get to it. Alright as to start we're going to try this chocolate avocado mousse only because it needs so much time in the fridge and for that you're going to start with some milk then of course some avocados, some salt, vanilla extract, unsweetened cocoa powder, agave syrup, some chocolate chips and some raspberries. Step one, cut up your avocados and immediately I realized that there was a brown tinge to these. I googled if it was okay to still eat them. Apparently it is so we're just going to go with it because they're the only ones I have. Once you've got your borderline rotten avocados cut up you're going to take a half cup of chocolate chips and melt that down and now we can start assembling this in the blender. First your avocados then your chocolate. A quarter of a teaspoon of salt, one tablespoon of vanilla extract, a third of a cup of milk, a half cup of agave syrup and a half cup of the unsweetened cocoa powder. You're going to blend this for a couple minutes until it looks like everything combines, throw it all into a bowl, it's actually looking pretty decent right now and throw that into the fridge for three hours and while we're reading on that we're going to whip up this avocado frosting. Since I only have one avocado left we're going to cut this recipe in half and use one cut up avocado to one teaspoon of lemon juice and then whip that all together. Once again this is turning a strange brown. Then a last then gradually throwing a half pound of powdered sugar. It was at this point that this mixture began to look like the mucus from someone with the sinus infection and then we're going to finish that off with a quarter teaspoon of lemon extract. Side note of this stuff was nearly impossible to find in the store and then you're just going to take your icing so that in a piping bag or if you don't have one, zip lock, cut a tip off of it and a bus feed that used cupcakes but ain't nobody got time to make cupcakes right now so I got some store-bought sugar cookies instead. I was gagging as I applied this but here we go. There it is. All right so it's two and a half hours later and this actually looks pretty good. I have to say I put it in this little thing here and make a nice little plating and let's give it a try. All right unfortunately we just filmed her eating the cookie and then my camera died and didn't save the video. Long story short she absolutely hated it. Would you say it tasted like? A smoothie on top of a cookie. And that told her you know it was supposed to be on a cupcake whatever it wouldn't have made it any better so she gave it a zero out of ten. We work them back. Don't make it. All right so now we have the mousse. Hopefully this will be a little bit better. I do have higher hopes for this one. Three, two, one. Tastes like pudding. Burtin pudding. So I didn't tell you. Was like three quarters of this at least is avocado. And you don't taste it miraculously. All you taste is like chocolate and a little hint at the back of avocado. It's actually not bad though. Not horrible. This is more labor intensive. Having said that try it if you like avocado and chocolate because I think it's somewhat worth it. What would you give it at time? Five. That's fair. A little higher give it like five and a half six because I actually eat a little bit more of this. But if you guys like today's Buzzfeed test can we smash that thumbs up how much should we try to get? How many do you like that? I don't know. More than last time. More than last time. I don't know what that was but let's go for. As always on my social media links will be right down there if you want to go follow me on Twitter or Instagram. If you guys have more suggestions for any recipes that we haven't done yet leave them down in the comments. Now I'm a vegetable's in chocolate. Do what you want. Well other than that having absolutely awesome rest of your weekend. We'll see you right back here next Thursday. Peace. Peace. Who comes up with this stuff? Chase them every time I get it from the same people mom. I say have your lunch with avocado and then have your chocolate pudding after. If I had a little caption like I was just going up on your face to say why is words of justine?