 What is going on my peeps? Welcome back to another brand new BuzzFeed. Uh, one second, I have to change. That's better. But what is going on my peeps? Welcome back to a brand new BuzzFeed test. This one came out about two weeks ago and the second I saw it, I knew I was gonna end up doing it. The bacon wrapped burger ring. It looks amazing. The ingredients in it can tell you how good it's gonna taste. I cannot wait to get started, so let's get right into it. So guys, today we're gonna subdivide this whole video into three main parts. The first one being the actual burger me and for that I grabbed two pounds of ground beef, along with some Worcestershire sauce, Worcestershire, I don't know how to say it. Onion powder, Dijon mustard, garlic powder, salt and pepper, and of course the delicious bacon. Not suitable for vegetarians or vegans, clearly. So just like the video I started by throwing down my two pounds of ground beef, this is 85% lean and 15% fat. And added to that a quarter cup of the Worcestershire sauce, a quarter cup of Dijon mustard, a half tablespoon of both salt and pepper, and then a full tablespoon of the garlic powder and onion powder. Once I had all of those ingredients thoroughly mixed throughout the meat, I tried to kind of maghiver together a drip pan kind of like they have, which I'm hoping will kind of work out the same way. So I sprayed a little cooking spray on the top and then plopped down my two pounds of meat. Now this next step took a little bit longer than you might guess. I was trying to perfectly form the burger in the circle, not make it too thick or wide out. We'll also trying to match Tasty's version so it'll end up working out with the buns in the end. And then I just took the next couple minutes to cut all my bacon in half and then wrap each and every slice around the entire perimeter of the ring. Now into a 375 degree oven for 25 minutes and then just throw on the broiler for another 12 minutes. Out it came, it's looking pretty good, I'm hoping that bacon is cooked all the way through, but while that is cooling we can finish off everything else. And next up I'm going to work on the cheese dipping sauce. For that I grab some milk and onion powder, Dijon mustard and some cans of diced green chilies, garlic powder, salt and pepper, a little bit of flour and some cheddar cheese. And before you cook anything you do have to take that block of cheddar cheese and shred up about a cup of this. Again I just want to stress how I'm taking your advice here and not using the store bought pre-shredded stuff. But once I thought I had enough of that I can move over to the stove top. I have cup of milk, two tablespoons of flour whisk those together and allow them to cook until it gets really thick and bubbly I think right around here. At which point you can add a full cup of milk, allow that to cook down for a few more minutes and then take it off of the heat while we add everything else. A sprinkle of salt and a cup of that cheddar cheese, a half teaspoon of pepper, garlic powder, onion powder, and then a half cup of the green chilies and a quarter cup of the Dijon mustard. Mine's definitely not as thick as tasties appears to be in their video, but I'm hoping it'll taste the same. And now we can just grab our final two ingredients which is some iceberg lettuce and some small dinner rolls. I cut each one of the dinner rolls in half and then laid out the bottom halves of all of those in a ring. I had to cut some of them on a corner a little bit so they kind of perfectly fit together in a circle. Very slowly try to transfer my burger ring from the pan onto the buns and then I just topped that with some of the lettuce and the rest of the buns. If you are wondering I'm not adding tomatoes because I don't like them, they're disgusting. And after all this is my show and I can do what I want. So you guys tell me what to do then I gotta start listening again. But I just tried to cut me a burger off of this ginormous ring. I played it along with a little bowl of my cheese sauce which is looking really good at this point and I am ecstatic with the way this looks so let's give it a taste. So I will say it would probably be difficult to leave a little bit of pinkness in the burger kind of if it was like medium or medium rare. As long as it's not dry and tastes really good I don't care no complaints. I do think I should taste it without the sauce first so... Now I'm really hoping that this bacon is cooked fully because it is most certainly not crispy but I'm hoping it's not just straight raw. I'd rather not end up with whatever disease you can get from raw pork. I don't think I've ever dipped my hamburger in a dipping sauce before. But there's a first time for everything. Okay that's really good. It's kind of a cross between a big max sauce and one of those like salsa with queso dips that you could buy from the store. I do wish I used hotter peppers because those cans were mild so they're not really hot at all. It could use a little spice but it's really good. The burger part is on the dry side. It tastes right though and then obviously with the dip the dryness is an issue. So this whole thing composed, considering I'm going to finish this whole thing off of camera, not out of 10. Hope you guys enjoyed it. Today's BuzzFeed test. If you did, leave me a big like. Let's try to hit 6,000 on this video. I think you'll get hit that pretty easily. We have one more Pumpkin Spice video for Monday, the day before Halloween. Brace yourselves. I've been planning this for months. Follow me on Instagram on Twitter. I just post it a few new Instagram pictures of the first time in forever. So go like them for me. Let me know what recipes you want to see me do. And other than that, have an awesome weekend and I'll see you