 What is going on peeps and welcome back to the dying show known as David's Buzzfeed Tests. Now if I'm not mistaken we're on episode 63 of these now so man versus pin we're coming for you. It's been a while since we had something truly disgustingly unhealthy on this show so I figured we'd break that streak this week by doing a bacon mac and cheese pot pie. Now I can't help but this is another one of Buzzfeed's famous take your recipe slightly tweak it and then upload it as your own because the pizza pot pies that became popular a few months ago were pretty much everywhere. Whoa we don't copy we just get inspiration. Right. But anyways I probably should stop now before I get here with the lawsuit so let's get into this week's recipe. Some of the ingredients I gathered together for this recipe was some bacon, some elbow macaroni pasta, garlic powder, basil, a block of cheddar cheese, some mozzarella cheese, pizza dough, some whole milk, butter, salt and pepper, and slices of cheddar cheese and provolone cheese. Now this many episodes into this series I'm sure you guys all know that we need to get our prep work out of the way first. And to start I grabbed my thick cut bacon and cooked those up until they were super crispy obviously you don't need a whole pound but I go a little overboard when it comes to bacon just flip all of those strips being careful not to get all that hot oil on your arms and singing your skin off. And once those were all cooked up I grabbed my blocks of cheddar cheese and shredded some of that. Then of course my mozzarella and you want about a cup of each in total. Now we can begin. Start with two cups of milk, two cups of pasta, a tablespoon of salt, two teaspoons of pepper and let that cook until about half of the liquid evaporated. At that point you're going to want to add another cup of your milk and let that come back up to boiling. Then just finish that off with a cup of your cheddar cheese, a cup of your mozzarella cheese and then once that's mixed in and melted down all the way your macaroni and cheese is pretty much done. We can now begin to work on the vehicle for this masterpiece which is a ceramic oven safe bowl. You want to use just a little bit of butter or oil to thoroughly coat up the inside of the bowl so the cheese doesn't stick to it and then alternate with your slices of whatever types of cheese that you want around the bottom and the sides. Grab about four slices of your extra crispy bacon and crumble that all up across the bottom and then fill your entire bowl up with the main star of the show, your macaroni and cheese. Then you just want to work on your room temperature pizza dough. I cut about half of the original bowl and then kneaded it out until it was nice and thin. You want a little bit of flour on both sides then just throw that over the top of your bowl. Position it so that the dough hangs about a half inch over the side completely around the bowl and for your finishing touch I grabbed some butter melted that in the microwave really quick and then added some garlic powder and basil mixed that in and then coated the entire top with that mixture. Bake that in a 350 degree oven for about 25 to 30 minutes and I might have left mine in for a little bit too long. That's nothing a little cosmetic work with this knife can fix. I carefully positioned a flat plate over the top of that and then flipped the whole thing over and after I carved the dough off of the sides of the bowl it came out really well. This actually is holding together a lot better than I expected as well. I was able to cut myself a piece pretty easily and let's give this a try. I would just like everyone to know how badly I wanted to just devour this thing during filming this whole process but for the sake of the video I have not yet. That is until right now. Mmmmm. It's cheesy, it's bacon-y, it's pizza-y. Today my diet has officially been put on hold. This flavor of this alone is awesome. If I had to make one small criticism is that the macaroni is a tad dried out which I realize is kind of impossible to avoid with any baked macaroni product. Still though I could eat this entire thing and I probably will end up doing that later so I'm going to give it a 9 out of 10. If you guys enjoyed today's episode let me know by hitting a like on this video now I realize a ton of you have been either unsubscribed or these videos just aren't showing up in your sub boxes. I still don't know why. YouTube's just broken, it's going through, it's pretty pubecin, rebellious years or something so the only alternative that I came up with is if you hit that little bell icon right next to the subscribe button. That basically turns on my notifications every time I post a video what you guys know is really only once a week. So again thank you all for watching. I hope you have an awesome rest of your week and I'll see you right back here for the next episode. Peace.