 Boy, oh boy, do I need color? At least if all else fails, I could just be cast for the ghost for Halloween. But what is going on my pizza? Welcome back to a brand new BuzzFeed test. This will probably be out a day later, so I'm a little behind this week. I went to a couple of Yankee games I know it's on me, but it's not too bad, just one day. But since my girl, Lucian, has been ever so persistent on suggesting these delicious looking fudgy brownies, that's what I'm doing this week. I believe that this is going to be the first ever brownie recipe that we're trying out on the channels, let's get right into it. Now as per usual, for any baked goi, we're going to start out with some flour and sugar, some cocoa powder and salt, vanilla extract, a few sticks of butter, some dark chocolate, two brown eggs that were donated ever so generously from my friend Lindsay. I feel like I'm just the egg confiscator recently. So let's begin. Start with three quarters of a cup of melted butter, which is one and a half sticks, one and a quarter cup of sugar and mix those two together. Now I hate to be the pessimist here, but already mine looks way different from tasty, as theirs looks a lot thicker. Well mine is a lot more liquidy. Don't know why that is, but let us continue. I cracked my two fresh eggs and through some vanilla extract in there. Added those in to my butter and sugar mixture. Set that bowl aside for a few minutes while I chopped up four ounces of the dark chocolate to incorporate into the finished batter at the very end before it goes in the oven and another four ounce bar to melt down to put in our sugar and egg mix. So once I got that second bar melted down beautifully, I added that into the sugar mix, which gave it a very nice dark chocolatey color, so I added in three quarters of a cup of flour, a quarter cup of cocoa powder, sifting as I was going along and some salt. I then began to fold my batter ever so gently. I'm sure, Tony, you are having panic attacks because my folding technique isn't proper. I've just been doing this for long enough where I know what comments I'm going to see in the comments section, so don't let me see it. Damn it. But as I try to calm down, I've finished the whole thing off with the other four ounces of chopped up chocolate, deep-brushing. Now into a nine by nine square coated pan. I threw down some parchment paper and then my batter. I was a little surprised to see that they didn't use cooking spray or butter and flour, anything else to make this non-stick, but I guess the parchment paper will do enough. And even though this batter was super thick, I attempted to flatten it out, get it up in the corners and everything, and I just threw it into a 350 degree oven for about 25 minutes. No afterwards, when I've removed it and let it cool for about 10 or 15 minutes, I tried to cut a little slice of it off, and it looks kind of similar to tasties actually, but in my opinion, this thing is raw. I'm sorry. I actually threw it back in the oven for another 10 full minutes, and when I cut it up nicely, they looked a lot better, so let's give them a try. Now these do look like your average everyday boxed brownies. You don't see any of the chocolate chunks on the top, like in Tasty's video, but they smell fantastic. They got some damn way too old, they feel like little cinder blocks or something. Oh, no. What in the world? This is one of the strangest things I've ever eaten, because I was fully expecting that crumbly brownie taste, and it's more like chocolate fudge than anything. I am not about to complain though. Oh my gosh. Wow, this is, I'm not even the biggest brownie person out there, but this is fantastic. This has to get like a 9 out of 10. It's way rich, and I could see it being heavy after like me finishing this one, but the taste is amazing, so salad job Tasty, I proof. Hope you guys enjoyed this week's Buzzfeed Test. If you did slap a like on this video, as always, you guys always kill it. I don't have to ask. Hit me up on Instagram, on Twitter, down in the comments. Let me know what Buzzfeed Test I should do, what pumpkin spice videos I should do. A brand new one of those is coming out on Monday, and until then, have an awesome rest of your week.