 What's going on my pips? Welcome back to another BuzzFeed Test. The only show on the internet where I suggested these weird food recipes and then the main goal is to not vomit while making or eating it. Last week both Anna and Nicole suggested these strange roll-up foods. But let's jump right into it. That's where the cutscene was supposed to be. Alright guys, today we have three separate variations of this to try. And let's first start with the French toast. Grab some bread, sugar, cinnamon, cream cheese, up, again. I'm beginning to think the BuzzFeed employees have some weird obsession with cream cheese since it seems to be an every recipe. You just need some fruit and some eggs. Step one, grab a couple slices of bread, cut all the crust off and roll that out. Spread a little bit of cream cheese on there, then some blueberries. I don't know why these blueberries look like raisins, but I swear they're not. And roll that up. Then I did the same thing with the next one except I only put pineapple. And both of those go in an egg wash. Evenly coat them, throw them in the pan, and then leave them at a pan on medium heat for about two minutes or until all the sides crisp up. Take them out of your pan, roll them in some cinnamon and sugar, and these ones are done. So upon initial inspection, they don't look gross. There's kind of more egg than bread, but let's give it a try. First, the blueberry one because that's closer to the recipe BuzzFeed did. If you like blueberries and you like cream cheese, you would love this. The bread's good, the cinnamon sugar's a nice touch. Not for the gave help me. Oh, something about warm, mushy fruit just doesn't sit well with me. I could see this being good to a lot of people. I am not one of those people. Six and a half out of ten moving on. Recipe number two is a simple grilled cheese. Now take back what I said last week about that being a simple one. Literally all you need for this recipe is bread and cheese. That is it. So do the same thing with the bread. Roll it out nice and flat. Throw a slice of cheese on there. Roll it back up. All this is really, really basic stuff that pretty much anyone can do. Throw them onto your pan again. Crisp them up and these are all finished as well. All right, roll up number two. Let's hope these are a little more enjoyable than the last ones. Cannot see them being bad. These are winners. They're even better than regular grilled cheese because it's like the entire middle is just this cheesy awesomeness. And I'm sure this will work with any kind of cheese that you like. So I'm about to finish both of them. Eight and a half out of ten last one. Now for our third and final recipe we're going to try the s'mores rollo. So grab some bread, some mini marshmallows, some chocolate chips, and then some crushed ground crackers if you have them I do not. Once again you're just going to roll out your bread nice and flat. Throw a couple chocolate chips down, some marshmallows, and roll that up nice and tight. Now in the goal is to comment they said that they kept the crust on. So for this one I decided to try it with it on and throw it into your hot pan. Now this one want to come apart the most. The marshmallows kept expanding and pushing it back open. So I ended up just throwing a toothpick in there. You can do the same. It doesn't really affect it. Now take both of those out and wow that looks good. And now time for the final one. Let's hope we saved the best for last. It definitely looks the best. You know, wow since this is so basic and I've had s'mores a million times in my life I thought I was going to know what it tastes like but I didn't. I think something with the bread made it taste like sweeter maybe. I was expecting them to be good but this is like the next level. And the crust really makes no difference so you guys can decide whether you want to keep it on or off for any of the recipes. I have no complaints about this at all. 10 out of 10. Good job. This might be one of the first episodes that the food didn't progressively get worse as we went along. It was a good day. If you liked today's Buzzfeed Test hit me over the big thumbs up. Let's try to hit 75 on this one. That's the most I've ever asked for but I believe that we can do it. As always if you guys tried this at home please send me pictures on Twitter, Instagram, I'd love to see them. And if you have suggestions for more recipes let me know down in the comments. Other than that guys have an absolutely awesome rest of your week. I will be back again Sunday. Peace. Love you all.