 I'm trying to film. Go upstairs. This is private time. What is going on, peeps? Welcome back to a brand new BuzzFeed test. This week I'm really excited for this recipe. Even though we've been kind of overdosing with the desserts a little bit. I did do a poll over on my Instagram story. If you don't follow me already, it's David Underscore, C-more 1. I did four options for you guys and overwhelmingly over the other three you guys picked the brownie bombs. I'm going to be honest now. I have unbelievably high expectations for these because the perfect fudgy brownies, I feel like I've just mentioned them every single week. They're amazing. They're the best recipe I've probably done on this channel besides some pizza recipes. It's just so good. So I'm hoping it's going to live up to that. Let's get right into them. So guys, before we get into the ingredients, obviously the main ingredient here today is the milk chocolate truffle that they shove in the middle of the brownie and then it melts down and becomes gooey and delicious. Well, as a lot of you have pointed out in the comments and tweeted me, the majority of chocolate truffles, just like these ones, have peanut and tree nut warnings on them. If you didn't know, I am very allergic. If I even have a sliver of any type of peanut almond, anything, you'll have a dead YouTuber on your hands. And as a result of that, I'm not going to use those. I'm going to try to substitute this baking bar. Basically, just break it up into like an ounce or two ounce pieces and hopefully it'll work the same. I guess we'll find out. But besides the chocolate in the center, the other ingredients we're going to need for these is some oil and cocoa powder, a stick of butter and some kosher salt, some flour and granulated sugar, vanilla extract, one egg and some baking powder. And let's begin by mixing up our dry ingredients. Look at this pre-measured out ingredients. Are we on the Rachel Ray show or David's Ratchet Buzzfeed test? I don't really know. Maybe one day I'll be successful enough to have somebody else pre-measured out all my ingredients. One can dream. Once I add those all mixed together, I set it to the side and pretty much began preparing everything else. A third of a cup of vegetable oil and a half stick of the salted butter melted down, along with some white sugar, some of that cocoa powder. I'm not going to sift these out just because I'm mixing them with the wet ingredients and they should dissolve in the butter and the oil. You now have to add to that mix one egg, hopefully no shells, instead egg, and a few teaspoons of vanilla extract. And up until this point, mine pretty much looks spot on with how tasty's look. So I began to throw in the dry ingredients and you're not going to mix this. You're apparently going to want to fold these in. So I did just that and got to this point, which looks good on camera especially, but it's really dry and crumbly kind of. I'm not sure I'm going to be able to form these into balls. I just grabbed that broken up bar of chocolate from earlier and began to try to form some mounds around each square of chocolate. This part was slightly difficult. Probably would have been a lot easier with a small circular piece of chocolate and a lot less crumbly of a dough, but I was able to do it. Mine were definitely a little bit bigger than tasty's were. Regardless, the show must go on. So I threw them on some parchment paper on my cookie sheet and in a 375 degree oven baked these for about 12 minutes, two minutes longer than Buzzfeed because mine were a little bit bigger. After I let them cool, I played it up a few and broke one open and this is looking pretty good guys. So let's give it a try. As you can see, I tried to dress them up a little bit with some powdered sugar like they did in the video. And even so, they look like giant meatballs with some sugar on top. They also appear to be very dry, but they smell good. So. Oh boy. Oh man. They have a good shot of that. Ooh. I got chocolate over my mouth. Not too bad. The flavor of these are off the charts. The chocolate is perfect. They're not overly sweet or rich or anything, but they do dry your mouth out quite a bit. Maybe if you added a little bit more butter or oil or something, they wouldn't be so damn dry. Would recommend you guys trying it and I'll probably definitely be making it again. So 9.6 out of 10. Hello. It's under the stove. The extra. Why are you whispering? I'm just gonna bump the volume up and put you in anyway. But I hope you guys enjoyed today's Buzzfeed test. If you did, leave a big like on this video for me. This video is probably gonna be a little bit shorter than normal. I kind of felt that way with the recipe, but I got another video for you on Sunday. That one's gonna be a pain. I haven't filmed it yet, but I'm dreading filming it. Just know that. Follow me on Twitter and on Instagram. Let me know what you want to see next week. Other than that, have an awesome weekend and I'll see you right back here on Sunday.