 My hair is beginning to get absurdly long, but we're just gonna have to roll with it. What's going on everyone? My name's Steve and welcome back to another Buzzfeed test. Now there's a few orders of business that I have to take care of before we get into this week's recipe. Number one, I'm gonna be filming a Q&A some point this week. So if you have any questions for me, leave them down in the comments and I'll try to answer as much as I can. Number two, the best news ever. I'm 100% gonna be attending both Playless Live or Landau NDC in the next year. VidCon is a little bit iffy for me because obviously I live on the opposite side of the country, but I'll let you know when we get closer. But if you're going to any one of those three, let me know that down in the comments as well because I cannot wait to meet some of you. Number three, I tweeted about this a couple days ago, but I'm considering starting a new series that would be on Sundays. That's testing like DIY or Pinterest type stuff. A lot of you guys have been suggesting that stuff, so if you think that's a good or bad idea, let me know. And finally, a ton of you have been also asking me to try other recipes not just from Buzzfeed, but from other YouTube channels, from Facebook pages like Tasty and other ones. So if you see any recipes on any of those websites, let me know and I might start doing those in the future too. All right, enough to get up in, I'm hungry. I'm last week's video, Exotic Wolf suggested that I do the Buffalo Chicken Dip, special shout out to Queen Troll because I've promised you this so long ago, probably over two months ago and it took me until now to do it. Either way, let's get to it. In order to make this recipe, you're going to need a rotisserie chicken, some buffalo sauce, some ranch dressing, a few cups of shredded cheddar cheese, some crumbled blue cheese, and some crit. All right, so the first thing you have to do is take your rotisserie chicken and shred it all up. This is another one of those where they say a general thing and I have absolutely no idea exactly how much chicken they ended up with. So I try to just match the amount that they had in the video. This is looking about good so now you're going to start with eight ounces of this devil cream. Now a cup of the buffalo sauce, a cup of ranch dressing, and a cup of the shredded cheese. Mix that all together until it looks thoroughly combined. The cream cheese is kind of a pain to mix when it's cold but eventually it incorporates it. And we are going to construct this in a glass pan. So throw down your entire mix, spread that out nice and evenly, sprinkle some more shredded cheese over top of that, and then finish it off with some crumbled blue cheese. I'm assuming these last two steps are optional so if you don't like blue cheese, keep it out. You could probably just substitute gorgonzola or feta or something. I'm sure it won't make much of a difference. And you're going to throw that into a 350 degree oven for 20 minutes. After the time goes by, you're going to take it out and okay, this is looking pretty good. I'd say very similar to BuzzFeeds. Alright so in the video they used tortilla chips that's what I'm going to start with. Three, two, I don't want to admit it but it's very very good. Any recipe that I've done that uses that much cream cheese, usually that's all you taste. But this one is actually masked really really well. I just taste more of the cheddar cheese and the hot sauce. Wow you already know I have to try with something else. Dang that's really good. This is really good but if I had to make one critique it's like the chicken to everything else ratio. Maybe I didn't eyeball it right and I underestimated a little bit but it could use a lot more chicken because out of the four bites I just took only like one and a half of them had chicken. Other than that it's freaking banging. Not in a half out of ten. Higher than I thought I'd be giving it. But if you guys like today's BuzzFeed test please have me have that big thumbs up. Once again if you have any questions or if you're attending, play this live DC or land out or VidCon let me know down in the comments. Of course go through BuzzFeed's food, YouTube channel, go through tasty and other Facebook pages and find new recipes and other than that I've been absolutely awesome rest your week. I will see you right back here next Thursday. Peace!