 Would it be risky to try to drugle these eggs? Oh my god, they're like blending in with the light. Whoops. Sorry, Mom. Cake. Not to be confused with Drake and JZ. I swear I have the absolute worst track record with cakes on this show. Whether that be a failed Rainbow Surprise cake or a nearly failed YouTube cake or a really failed coffee donut cake. I just don't have much luck with them. But that look is going to turn around today. Hundreds of times on my past videos, cake in an egg has been suggested, including our last video by Willow 11 and that got 300 thung clubs. But I'm confident in this one. It seems pretty straightforward so I think I'll be able to conquer it. Let's see how we do. 8. Alright guys, a nice and simple straightforward recipe. The most important greeting you'll need is cake. Any homemade batter you want, any flavor, as for me, I went as artificial as possible and got some red velvet. You're also going to need a little bit of oil and of course some eggs. Since I think this is going to take the longest out of this recipe, let's start preparing these eggs. In the video they use the thumbtack to make the hole so I'm going to do the same. Pick either side of the egg and make about a dime sized hole. If you were careful enough and keep all these shells out of the egg, you can use these to make your cake batter. I did my best to be super precise with these and got them looking okay. Once you've poked your hole, you're going to try to slurp the egg out of there. This looks like straight up boogers, but try to work through it. The next thing you're going to do is clean out the inside of the egg. So put some warm water in each one, shake them around a little bit, dump them out. Once again be careful with these fragile things because they have a tendency to crack around the hole. I could have made about 12 inappropriate jokes by now, but I am refraining myself. This is meant to be a family show, but once you got those all done, you are going to coat the inside of them with your oil. You can use vegetable, olive, canola, whatever you have. So throw a little bit in, shake them around a little bit, and that's pretty much all you have to do with the eggs. Put those all to the side, grab yourself a cupcake tray, and then some aluminum foil. You're going to take a nice piece of the foil, roll that up, and throw one into each cupcake tin. These are looking pretty good. Now you're going to throw all your oiled eggs into those holes, still holding off those jokes. Now it's time for your cake batter. Like I said, you can make whatever you like. This recipe calls for some water, some oil, and some eggs, so I combine all of those and then mix those up. Transfer those into something easier to pour with, and then one by one I carefully filled up my eggs. I warn you now, A, there's a lot of room to make a mess here, so just do the best you can. And B, do not fill them all the way to the top, because they will burst right out as you will see later in this video. Anyway, once you've got all of them done, throw it in a 350 degree oven for 12 to 14 minutes. After that timey lapsed, I took them out and see? Pretty sure there's more cake outside of the egg than in. What that happened in the Buzzfeed video too, so I just cut it out. I peeled the cake off with a knife. I tried to crack the egg as carefully as I could. One piece at a time, and there it is. There's your cake egg. So we have arrived to this point. I got one of them out, so I'm going to try it. It's good, of course. It tastes good just like a normal cake. The only thing is that I don't recommend using red velvet, mainly because it stains the crap out of the outside shell. Now you can try to scrub it, but then you're going to crack it, and if you try to use water, just use white or yellow cake mix. It'll make your life a lot easier. I'm still struggling to understand the real purpose behind these. As one commenter on the Buzzfeed video said it best, what's the point? It is a really cool concept though. I've never seen it done before, so props to them. But as for like project overall, maybe a seven out of ten. It tastes good. It's just a lot of repetitious work for little reward. Cool project to do though, especially around Easter or something, so let me know if any of you guys tried. But if you guys enjoyed this week's video, hit me up with that big thumbs up right down there. Last week I asked for 4,000, and we absolutely smashed it. So this week let's go for 4,500. Like I said, if any of you guys tried to send me pictures on Instagram or Twitter, I want to see if they came out better than mine. If you have a suggestion for a recipe I haven't tried yet, leave it down in the comments and like each other's comments so I know which one to do. Other than that, have an awesome week and I will see you right back here next Thursday. Peace! Oh my god, they're like blending in with the light. Oh!