 Do you see this? I look like freaking Pinocchio. I went to the beach for like two hours today. It wasn't even barely sunny and why is it just on my nose? Look at this. It looks like paint or something. Unbelievable. Here's my addition to a very late red nose day. But what's going on my peeps? Welcome back to this week's new bus fee test, blah blah blah. I feel like a robot whenever I do this intro. Now this week I am very excited to do these recipes because we have not had a comment get this many likes in quite a while. Over 700 of you liked geeky graces comment to have me do the cake mix cookies nine different ways. Now unfortunately today we will only be doing seven. One of them because obviously I'm allergic to nuts and it has peanut butter and all that stuff in it so I can't really even get near that. And number two a recipe that includes stuff I'm not going to mention. Anyway we have seven recipes for us to try so let's get right into it. Now besides the very obvious main ingredient for all of these cookies some various different boxes of cake mix you are going to need some very specific ingredients for each recipe but every single one of these is going to include a whole bunch of oil and a whole bunch of eggs. So let us begin with the classic favorite these chocolate chip cookies. One box of yellow cake mix along with a cup of chocolate chips a half cup of vegetable or canola oil two eggs gives that a good mix and you have just created the world's easiest cookie dough. Will it taste as good as normal cookie dough for chocolate chip cookies we will see. After I got a bunch of those rolled out onto my un greased cookie tray you want to throw them into a 350 degree oven for 10 to 12 minutes. One recipe down and these already look beautiful and because these recipes are so quick and easy I'm going to make all seven of the types of cookies and then try them all at the end. For us be number two today we are making some snicker doodle cookies. One box of white cake mix some cinnamon some oil and two eggs again give that a good mix for a second time and you have your second batch of cookie dough. The only difference with these is once you get them rolled up into balls you got to toss them in some cinnamon sugar and then lay them out on your cookie tray at the same temperature for the same amount of time and we are going to be moving right along. For recipe number three are these delicious looking smores cookies all you need is a box of chocolate cake mix some mini marshmallows some crushed up graham crackers oil and your eggs again surprise surprise and as excited as I was for this one I do have to say it is the least appetizing looking cookie at first glance but once I threw those into the oven for a third time they ended up coming out looking better and although they were stuck to the pan a little bit I was able to get them off and now we can move on to our fourth recipe. Next up we're going to combine a box of fun feddie or birthday cake mix about a cup of chopped up white chocolate again your oil and two eggs. I think you can all catch on by now what we have to do with these. Needless to say I am rapidly approaching the end of my supply of cookie trays and counter space so I'm hoping we're not going to need that much more of either one. For recipe number five today we're making some lemon cookies and you know the store I went to definitely had lemon cake mix it's not like I got yellow cake mix or anything and then through some lemon extract in there um listen it should look and taste the same okay if they taste crappy I won't put this one on Buzzfeed I'm sorry the store didn't have it with that powder sugar on the outside they too look phenomenal though so I still have some high hopes for these. Our second to last recipe today are these red velvet cookies some red velvet cake mix some white chocolate chips your oil and eggs once again now I really feel like a robot in repeating all of these steps and I just want to really stress how in this video it's gonna go really quick as if I'm just making these really quick and snappy and the clean-ups easy no it took me like five hours to make all of these anyway onto our last recipe and the one I am definitely most excited for some cookies and cream cookies cookie section white cake mix crushed up Oreos oil and eggs are going to combine to make these beauties and in my opinion these both look and smell the best so now that we have all seven of our cookies done and looking good we can finally get into tasting them. I think right now in the comments you should all take bets as to which one of these you think is gonna end up tasting the best I personally think either the s'mores or the cookies and cream one they all look really good though I do have a little concern that they're gonna taste more like cake than cookies but we will see I'm gonna try them in the order that I made them so first up the very traditional chocolate chip. Now I've made cookies very similar to this with cake mix before and they ended up tasting like a cupcake and got really fluffy and not great these are the opposite of that although it still is a little thicker and chewier than a normal cookie it does not taste like cake which really makes me hopeful for all the rest of these two but I'm not gonna rank them too high right off the bat I'm gonna give them a solid six we could see where everything stacks up based off that one. Second up the Snicker Doodles. These are excellent it's the same type of like fluffy texture and everything but the cinnamon and sugar flavors better than the chocolate so I'm gonna give that a seven and a half. Third up the s'mores just take like a close-up look of this uh maybe not. I was gonna say it looks really good like it should be on a commercial but okay now we're getting to some dangerous territory. Each one has been better than the last no doubt in my mind. The combination of that melty marshmallow and crunchy graham cracker very very good I'm gonna give that like a nine out of ten. I don't know how these can be better than that one I'm gonna be honest. The fun fettie I immediately noticed that it's a lot more dense and uh not fluffy but we'll see. Okay the streak has ended it's like really heavy and dense and super overly sweet this brought the worst one yet so I'm gonna give it like a five and now for the ratchetly made lemon you get like the faintest hint of lemon flavor in this I should have added more extract. Texture wise this one's probably the best so far like closest resemblance to actual cookie. Eight out of ten. Two more I love how I'm like just disgustingly biting these and throwing them back in the plate. I'm probably gonna finish them all later anyway. Last two the red velvet looks wise appearance wise that looks like a genuine cookie so isn't red velvet just like a type of chocolate dyed red because besides for the white chocolate chips it just has like a kind of mild chocolatey bland taste. Not fantastic I'll give it like a six last but most definitely not least the cookies and cream. How can this not be an absolute winner? Come on look at that baby. Yes this is the way I was gonna hope to add in this taste test. It's got the perfect brown on the bottom the perfect like chewy consistency warm and delicious. The first and only one I'm gonna finish out of all of these no doubt ten out of ten. I've chocolate around my mouth to match the red dye that it looks like took over my nose just figured I thank you all in advance for the screenshots I'm about to receive on Instagram and Twitter of comparing me to some like fictional character with red noses but I hope you guys enjoyed this week's video if you did smash a like on this let's hit 5500 likes on this video if we can. Follow me on Twitter, follow me on Instagram if you do not know go watch my Sunday video because I'm giving away a bunch of boxes of cereal I know it's a very strange thing to give away but I'm doing it if you want one go watch this Sunday's video you'll learn how to do it you basically have to follow me on Instagram comment on the picture all the details are in that video I'll link it in the description other than that have an awesome rest of your week and I'll see you right back here for the next video this is the way I was gonna hope to add in this taste test it's got the perfect brown on the bottom the perfect like chewy consistency warm and delicious what oh good night ok excuse you I'm about to watch it! God forbid I- turn his music off I get screened that. Oh, she's going to shave. Oh, come on. Have you seen the sink in the bathroom? You don't just turn someone in the music. You can ask nicely. Oh, yeah. You guys just super on the handle. Two wrongs don't make a right. And dump them all over the freaking table. Two wrongs don't make a right. Oh, I don't care. So what? Hey. You're fresh.