 Jesus I'm looking like Pinocchio today with this dang sunburn. It's not even me and I'm already sunburned. The life of David What's going on guys? My name is David and welcome back to yet another bus speed test now as we speak I'm on my way from New York to Orlando to attend playlist live for the entire weekend I'm gonna be vlogging. I'm gonna be tweeting out where I am pretty much every day So if you want to come hang out and be in my vlog and say hello Keep an eye on my Twitter this weekend. Anyways, this week's recipe is one that I've been trying to get to for a while now It's sort of similar to the cookie truffles we did a few weeks ago and those turned out pretty good So I'm hoping for the same with these. Let's get started All right guys this week we have not one not two but four different recipes that we're going to be trying all of which Require their own cake So let's get right into it this first cake requires some water some oil and three eggs So I threw those all in the bowl along with the funfetti cake mix Give that a thorough mix up for a couple minutes and then spread that into a 13 by 9 inch grease pan By the way, yes, I did buy my mother a new specialist Popped it into a 350 degree oven for 34 to 38 minutes and there we have it The next thing I did was let it cool for 10 15 minutes then popped it right out of the pan Cut it in half because that's all we're going to be needing it is up to you to decide whatever else you want to do with the other half Anyways, you're gonna throw a half of the cake into the bowl and crumble that up into little bits Then throw a half cup of vanilla frosting in there with it and mix that up And now that we got to this cookie dough consistency I'm gonna start rolling the dough into balls about two or three tablespoons in each one Finish that off by throwing some lollipop or popsicle sticks in each one and then throw that into the freezer for a half hour The last thing we got to do to finish these off is you guessed it Grab yourself some candy melts and melt those things down I can't seem to escape these damn things Grab your cake pops out of the freezer Give them a nice coating in the white chocolate and then throw some rainbow sprinkles over top I repeated that process for all 12 of the cake pops that I made and there you go There's your fun-fetti cake pops, but that's just our first one. Let's move on to number two The next flavor we're gonna be trying is some red velvet so I prepared the cake batter the same exact way It's the last time to bake that for about the same amount of time pop that one out the pan and cut that in half as well Finally, I crumbled it up throw it was a half cup of cream. Are you kidding me? Now it's in frosting's too. I'm telling you melting chocolate and cream cheese are like my two enemies I cannot escape from them. I use the same technique to roll them into balls and throw some sticks in them too for those them up and Then dip those in the same white chocolate as last time I also forgot to mention that you're gonna want to keep a bit of the crumble of cake mix just to throw on top like so and number two is complete your red velvet cake pop Onto number three now We're gonna be creating some Oreo cake pops and these are a little bit different So let's get right to it. I made some chocolate cake So half of that cake as well crumble that up through and half a cup of chocolate frosting with this mixed that up Till you get to this interesting looking mixture you guys know the drill by now finish them off with some sticks and into the freezer Now here's where this one changes up a little bit instead of coating the outside with chocolate We are going to deconstruct some Oreos like so we're gonna separate the creams from the chocolate waifers Melt down the creams and then crush up a bit of the chocolate waifers and to finish them off We're gonna grab them back out of the freezer give them a nice coating in the melted creams and then throw a couple of crushed Oreos on top I could be wrong, but how to glance. I'm thinking these are gonna be the best Anyway, let's move on to our fourth and final cake pop these ones are gonna be some cookie dough S pops so I quickly whipped up two round yellow cakes just to see if it was gonna make a difference I grabbed one crumble that up then creep again with the cream cheese frosting You already know how I'm gonna feel about that one and then I also had to throw in a half cup of Chocolate chips that's kind of what makes the whole thing so don't forget that roll those up into balls Pop a couple sticks in there through them into the freezer now the final step out of all of these cake pops is to melt down Some milk chocolate chips and then with that carefully coat each one of your pops This is much harder to work with than the candy melts so just stick with it if I can get them to work You can too trust me and there are your cookie dough pops Let's get to tasting some of these all right, so let's go in order here. I made the birthday cake ones first That's fun-fetti cake vanilla icing white chocolate and sprinkles so It's been a while since I made these I know in the video it seems really short because I edited all but I made these at 11.30 this morning it is now 4.45 in the afternoon. That's how long it took me to film this anyway because of that It's really warm inside and the texture just kind of like put it me off It's like wants to be smooth and creamy, but it's not it's like a little gritty from the cake and I don't know The taste is okay, but the texture just kind of like hits the taste right out of the way Obviously the shells go with the chocolate and the sprinkles, but I'm not crazy about it I'll give it a six out of 10. It's like okay. It's all right. Up next we have the red velvet with that cream cheese frosting My first instinct is to always talk crap about cream cheese because it shows up everywhere But I'm actually pleasantly surprised with this one. It's not as sweet as I imagine it was gonna be nor were the last ones They're not like overwhelming like sweet at all and they actually has good flavor to it I'm kind of shocked a slight upgrade Still not insanely good seven out of 10. I think that's fair. All right. Now for the one I'm probably most excited about the Oreo one with the chocolate cake the chocolate frosting Oreo cream outside and Oreo crumbles on top Oh My god, you know, that's incredible. Oh my god I am shocked at how good this is and you want to wipe I like it so much more because the The crumbles on top make it crunchy and it changes up the the mushy texture inside You damn that's so good look at this I'm about to finish if you're an Oreo fan 100% try that one Not in a half out of 10 now last and probably least the cookie dough yellow cake Cream cheese frosting again chocolate chips and they'll chocolate outside I expected this one to get the same rating as the red velvet, but this is probably a little higher This one gets 80 and a half you guys already know I'm not crazy about that cream cheese frosting, but Overall not terrible. I rank um Oreo number one this number two Red velvet number three and fun Fetty number four. So if you want to try any of these do the Oreo those are the best Hope you guys enjoyed this week's video if you did smash a leg on it for me It means so much when you do can we hit 6,000 on this video? We just take a minute to admire how nice this little platter I made up looks this should be it like a corporate event or something Google Let me know when your next one is if you guys have any more suggestions for recipes that I have not tried yet Leave down in the comments tweet them at me right on Instagram I hope to see some of you guys in Florida this weekend and other than that I'll see the rest of you right back to your next Thursday peace