 What's going on, peeps? So welcome back to another BuzzFeed test. Now I know a ton of you are probably very concerned by the title because I just did a cheese stuffed onion ring two weeks ago, but do not fret, it's different and hopefully you're going to be a little bit better. For those of you at home who have been trying these recipes throughout the last few weeks with me and you haven't had a heart attack yet, here's your chance. This week we are trying out the cheese stuffed cheese burger onion rings. Not sure if that's exactly what they call it, but that's what it is. And there are a few things that I learned from the onion rings I did two weeks ago. If you haven't seen that video, I'll leave it down in the description. And I'm going to take all of that into account while making these and hopefully they come out of other. Thank you to all of these people who have been suggesting this recipe and let's get right into it. Alright guys, for this week's recipe we're going to actually need quite a few ingredients. So you're going to start with some oil to fry, some panko bread crumbs, some onion powder, flour, a pound of ground beef, humongous white onion, some sharp cheddar cheese, some salt and pepper and an egg. Ever going to begin this week's recipe by prepping up our hamburger meat. So throw about a pound of that into a bowl along with a teaspoon of salt, a half teaspoon of pepper and a teaspoon of onion powder. Get in there and make sure that's all thoroughly mixed up. And after that we're going to set that to the side. Next once again just like a couple weeks ago we have to chop up this onion. And a lot of you also suggested that I use a white onion rather than a yellow because it's sweeter and better to fry with. So that's what I have this week. So once I got both of the ends cut off that and then it peels up I cut it into three nice big slices and separated those into as many rings as I could get. They tend to stick together to just be patient eventually the whole come apart for you. And you will be right about here. The last prep work we have to do is to cut up your cheddar cheese into about half inch wide squares. And for the sake of it I just cut up this whole block. Finally we can assemble these things. So start by grabbing a nice little ring plopping down half of your hamburger meat in the bottom. Then throw in a nice big piece of your cheddar cheese. I'm making sure these are big because last time you could barely see the cheese in them at all. Lastly I covered the top of the cheese with a little more of the chop meat and then made sure they were even on both sides. These are looking exactly like the ones both of you had in their video. So I repeated that process for about nine or ten of the rings until all of my cheese and hamburger meat ran out. And these aren't looking too bad at all. Just a little concerned with the varying sizes and making sure that the meat gets cooked all the way through. Especially because the onion is going to cook a lot quicker than the meat in the oil. But let's see what happens. One by one I then coated each of my rings into some flour, some egg, some panko bread crumbs. You guys know the drill by now. I kept one hand for the dry ingredients and one hand for the wet. Makes your life a whole lot easier in my opinion. And at long last we can get to frying these bad boys. So in your sauce pan throwing quite a bit of oil. I say a lot because these things are like sponges and they're going to absorb a ton of it. Once that gets nice and heated up I threw in two at a time and let those cook a couple minutes on both sides. Once they got to a nice golden brown I took them out. A little little leery of the meat not being cooked all the way through. But we'll see. I guess technically you can get a hamburger, rare anyway. So anyways once you got all your rings nicely browned up I threw them on a paper towel. So hopefully some of that oil comes out. Then I threw them out to a nice plate with some parsley leaves and these are looking bad at all. Let's cut one of these open to see if they're fully cooked inside and oh boy. Not only is this cooked but this is looking friggin amazing. A deep fried onion-rained cheeseburger. Can you ask for more? Only in America I swear. I don't know how I haven't had a heart attack from this show yet. Whenever you think we hit a recipe that maximizes the fat and unhealthy level a couple weeks later you'll find one atop it. That's not even fair. Try to envision the best tasting juiciest cheeseburger sliders you've ever had and then deep fry them in wrap and minne the onion. That's basically what this is. Unlike the left-time-your-rings I did there's plenty of cheese in this. They held together much better than I expected them to and even though they're as heavy as a center block in my stomach right now 9.5 out of 10. Very, very creative and delicious recipe. This one was... Hope you guys enjoyed this week's insanely strange but delicious recipe. If you did smash the like on this one for me. Let's see if we can hit 8000. Everyone donate your thumbs. It's free and let's see if we can hit it. As always if you have more suggestions for me leave them right down there and like each other's comment so I can see them or just tweet about me or tag me on Instagram. Those links will be down in the description as well. Other than I hope each and every one of you have an amazing rest of your week and I'll see you right back here next Thursday. Peace!