 It's day 30A and he still hasn't got on a haircut. If that accent offended any of you, I apologize in advance. What's going on my putes? My name's Damien and welcome back to another Buzzfeed test. The only show on YouTube where I attempt to cook Buffalo Chicky Dip and then there ends up being a fight over blue cheese in the comments. Julie and that one was on you, buddy. On that same video though, Janelle suggested that I do the cheese stuffed, mashed potato balls and 30 of you liked it up. I do have to apologize to those of you who are vegan or lactose intolerant. I promise I'll eventually have one for you guys, but let's get this recipe going. Alright, in order to first make this recipe you're going to need mashed potatoes. I am going to use instant because A, it's smoother than real mashed potatoes would be. And B, I'm kind of too lazy to make it out of real potatoes. Anyway, you're also going to need fresh green onion, some chopped up cooked bacon, garlic powder, black pepper, eggs, cheddar cheese, flour, bread crumbs, oil and salt. Step one, prepare your mashed potatoes however you like. This package calls for two cups of water brought to a boil. At your mix, stir it up and then we're going to let it cool. I threw it in the fridge so it cooled down faster and while it was in there, I grabbed my cheddar cheese and cut that block into about half inch cubes. I'm going to end up needing between 20 and 25 of these. I then grabbed my scallions and diced those up. You need about a half cup of that as well. So now that everything's chopped up and ready to go, we're going to start preparing this. You need four cups of mashed potatoes. Then a half cup of scallions, three quarters of a cup of chopped bacon, a teaspoon of garlic powder, a half teaspoon of black pepper, one egg and then whisk that all together. Now this is the tricky step. So set that aside, grab a preschool plate and flour up your hands. Take about a golf bowl sized piece of your mashed potatoes, flatten that out, throw a cube of your cheese down and then form the mashed potatoes around it. If the mashed potatoes keep sticking to your hands and just don't stay in ball form, throw it into the fridge for a couple more minutes. The colder it is, the easier it is to form. Now, instead of showing you every single ball that I made, I'm going to save you the time considering it took me over 30 minutes to do all of these. And just skip to the part where I got to here. I grabbed a plate of flour, scrambled eggs, and bread crumbs. You're going to get a nice coating around your mashed potatoes first in your flour, then in your egg, then in your bread crumbs, back in your egg one more time, and then bread crumbs again. I say this every time you have to coat something, try to keep one hand as your wet ingredient and one hand as your dry to save you so much time and effort. This part took me just as long as forming them. So once again, I'm going to skip through this tedious process. And we get to here, you're going to grab a pot, cover the bottom of that with some oil. Depending on how big your pot is, throw five or six at a time and let it get a nice brown on the outside. And transfer those directly into an oven safe pan. At this point, they're not looking bad. Just kind of like crusty, dried out meatballs. Let's hope they look a little bit better after they come out of the oven, but throw those into a 400 degree oven for about five to eight minutes. Take them out and they are looking pretty decent. I will warn you now that these things are hot as heck when they first come out so let them cool for a while before eating them. Alright, so they actually look pretty good. I think I have a piece of everything, so we're going to try this. That's hot. Hot? What good? Couple things. I do think baking them really, really helps. Just finish them on the inside, melt the cheese, crisp up the outside. Number two, I think they need to chill with the onion. I have a cup of green onion, seem like a lot at first, and I think it was. Besides that, not many complaints. You could probably put tomato sauce or something over this. It would be pretty bomb. If any of you guys had a potato croquette before, you can compare it to that. As is, 8 out of 10. So, as it was finishing this video, some familiar faces have crashed, seeing again. You may enter now. Why are you like squirming in? This is what she does every time. Take which one looks good. By the way, to anyone who has been just dying to know, no, this is not my father. You know the Thanksgiving one? They think I'm your father? All of them think you are my death. I ain't being in a video number. Well, as you give it out to 10, both of you, cool against. Very mashed potato leaf. Like a nine. I give it an eight for comparison. I don't love mashed potatoes, but this is pretty good. I like mashed potatoes. I like cheese. There's our onion in it. I like onion. Pretty good. If you guys liked the video, hit me up with that big thumbs up. How much do we go for, Mom? 1500. You already hear it first. If you have any more suggestions from PlusD Food, from Tasty, from Tip Hero, any of those, let me know down in the comments. Q&A is either coming out this Sunday or next Sunday, and I have a ton of your questions ready to go, so look out for that. And to have an absolutely awesome rest of your weekend, I'll see you right back here next Thursday or Sunday possibly, I don't know. Peace! I can't believe they think I'm his father. Damn, sorry. Move your fat head. My fat father head. My fat dad head. Oh my god, you guys have all upset him. Don't hear me. Don't touch me. What the hell? You're such a weirdo. Okay, it doesn't need to look like Maddie B. Raps. Get out of my face.