 What's going on guys and welcome back to BuzzFeed Test number 50 somehow some way we have gotten through 50 episodes of this series without missing a single week. Hemem. Honestly it also feels like I just started this series like last month. Time is just going too quick and I can't keep up with it but anyway guys this week I have been suggested to do the cheesy egg plant pizza which a lot of you are going to be happy to know that I'm finally doing a vegetable tournament recipe. You could also very easily make this vegan by just switching out some of the types of cheese. So let's get right into making it. Some of the ingredients you are going to need to make today's recipe are of course some olive oil, some shredded mozzarella and cheddar cheese, a jar of marinara sauce, obviously an eggplant, crushed red pepper flakes, some salt and pepper, garlic powder, some parmesan cheese and some chopped up basil that I prepared a little bit earlier. And we're going to be starting by preparing our egg plant. So throw that out onto a clean surface and cut off both the top and the bottom. Then chop that whole thing up into about half inch wide rounds. You should get between 10 and 12 depending on how big your egg plant is. After that you're going to throw them all out onto a cookie sheet and then cover both the top and the bottom sides in coarse salt. This step is important so do not skip it. Not only is it going to give it some flavor but it's going to take out a ton of moisture. I let those sit out for about 15 to 20 minutes and afterwards pat it them all down with my paper towels. Once I got them all dry I just brushed on some olive oil and then threw them into a 350 degree oven for about 25 minutes. While they were in the oven I began to work on my sauce. In a bowl I threw in 3 cups of marinara sauce which was pretty much the whole jar. A half cup of Parmesan cheese, a quarter cup of my chopped up basil, a tablespoon of garlic powder, a teaspoon of pepper and a teaspoon of salt. Finish it with a half teaspoon of your right pepper flakes and then mix that all together. Once they finished up in the oven I took them out and they already looked pretty decently cooked. So I gave each one a nice dollop of my tomato sauce, making sure all of the tops got evenly covered. then a handful of my shredded mozzarella cheese went on to each one, followed by just a light sprinkle of my shredded cheddar cheese to top it all off. The very last thing you have to do is throw them back into the oven for about one or two minutes just to melt down the cheese. And finally, we have arrived. I don't know about you guys, but these already look delicious. I chopped one up into some smaller bite-sized pieces, and needless to say, I am very excited to try this out. So normally I love all types of eggplant, especially when it's smothered in sauce and cheese. The only time I'm not crazy about it is when it's in like a roll of teeny form, and there's a bunch of seeds in there that you got to chew through. But I do not think that's going to be a problem here. I could be wrong now. That is very, very good. The eggplant is perfectly cooked. It's not super mushy, but it's perfectly tender. No crunchy seeds, like, to heavens. The only thing I'm not super crazy about is the sauce on there. And I think that's just because it was like a jarred, cheap sauce. With the homemade sauce or a little bit higher quality, I bet you this would be bang. But honestly, it's pretty good as it is right now. And of course, as I said earlier, this could be made vegan so easily. Just take out that Parmesan cheese and the sauce, and then switch the mozzarella for a vegan cheese. And you'd probably be good to go. All in all, very good recipe, very good meal. I'd give it a seven and a half out of ten. Hope you guys enjoyed this week's Buzzfeed Test. If you did, smash that like button for me. Sorry, this one probably came out on the shorter side. I welcome an easier recipe because my week has just been insanely crazy. And I'm going to be in DC this weekend. And if any of you are going, my panel is at 2 p.m. on Sunday. So you guys better come out and show some love. And I'll definitely be hanging out in the Independence Ballroom. I think it is right after the panel ends. So I better see a bunch of you there. But other than that, if you guys have any more suggestions for us, please divide hat and not try yet. Leave me right down in the comments for me. Or shoot them over to me on my social medias, which will be in the description as well. And I hope you guys have an absolutely awesome rest of your week. I'll see you right back to your next Thursday. Peace.