 Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. That is definitely not my intro. What up internet David here and you're watching David vs. Wait, wait, come on, come on guys, that's not it either. Oh God. What's going on guys? My name is David and welcome back to this week's Buzzfeed test. Before we get started this week, if you know all three of the people that I just reenacted, hit that thumbs up and props to you because that's pretty darn good. But anyway, this week's recipe is one that came out I think about a week or so ago and has already been suggested countless times by all of these people. Cheese stuffed onion rings. Now I've done quite a few frying things in the past and I feel like most of them have turned out okay. I could be wrong though and I'm sure a bunch of you are about to go check through all my videos to see. But regardless, I am very optimistic about this recipe so let's get right into it. Alright guys, for this recipe you are going to need oil to fry in some flour, some breadcrumbs, a bunch of eggs, a couple of onions and some thick sliced cheese. In the video they use mozzarella but I'm just going to use this Swiss. So before anything else you got to prep these onions and in order to do that you have to cut off the top, the bottom, peel the whole thing and then cut that into nice wide slices. I got three slices out of this medium sized yellow onion. Once you have done that you're going to do your best to separate all of the rings which was actually a lot harder than I thought it was going to be. These things are packed in there like super super tight but just keep at it. I promise you you'll get it and eventually you will get to this point. Now grab yourself through your cheese and then slice them up into one centimeter wide strips. At this point these onions started to hit me and I began to cry like me after watching the Titanic. Don't tell anyone I just said that. And start stuffing two layers of your onion with the cheese. It's kind of like one of those mix and match games and you just got to find one that's small enough to fit something in between the two. Like so, so after I did that I threw those all onto a cookie sheet and then they have to go in the freezer for an hour. While they're in the freezer I threw together what I needed to coat them so I grabbed some bread crumbs, a bowl of flour and then a couple of eggs and whisked those up. And after an hour I grabbed them out of the freezer and then coated them with first the flour, then the egg, then into the bread crumbs, then the egg one more time and the bread crumbs again. They should look like this if you've done it correctly. I repeated that process for all the rings that I had until I got to about here and then just for good measure, threw them back in the freezer for another 15 minutes or so. Everything is going oddly smoothly at this point but let's not jinx it. I grabbed myself a pretty shallow pan and then threw in a couple cups of vegetable oil, put that over medium heat until they got nice and hot like this. The temperature I had it at took about a minute and a half to two minutes on each side to cook these thoroughly through. Just take your time trying to make a mess and get grease all over your floor like I did. Mom, I know you're going to watch this because you're not home, I cleaned it, don't worry. And after I cooked them all in the oil I lined them up nice on a plate, threw down some marinara sauce next to them and here we are. I don't know how many recipes we've done in a row now without any major issues but this is getting pretty laying impressive. They look nice and brown and crispy and flavorful so let's give them a try. So I do have a couple of concerns with these things but I'm going to try them out first. Alright so number one, this goes for all onion rings. When you take a bite of it does the entire onion pull out of the coating or can you actually take a single bite and then keep the rest. It passed that test with flying colors. The onions were nice and tender, perfectly cooked inside, I didn't have to chew it extra anything and just broke right apart. A plus on that. BUT I kinda realized this when I took them out of the freezer, the cheese that I put in the middle it just wasn't thick enough. It kinda just got lost like in the onions, in the coating. You can't taste it, you can barely see it. So if you're going to make this make sure to use really thick pieces of cheese. This is just kind of like a thicker, two piece onion ring. Obviously it tastes good because it's just fried onions and cheese. But that kinda was like the whole purpose behind it so 6.5 out of 10, a slightly above average onion ring. I hope you guys enjoyed this week's video. If you did, like I said smash a thumbs up on this one for me. Let's try to hit what? I asked for 7000 last time and we got it in like two days so let's go for 8000 this time. Don't forget to hit that subscribe button right underneath this video if you haven't already. And of course, hit me up with more suggestions for recipes that I haven't tried yet on Twitter, Instagram or right down in the comments. Other than that I have an absolutely awesome rest of your week. I will see you back here on Sunday for a DIY video 100% no doubt. Peace!