 What'd you say? I'm here to give us a intro for today. Uh. No. What do you want me to say? Whatever you want. Just lens is crazy. Right now you can see the whole cabinet and your entire desk. Oh, that's not good. Yeah, it's kind of filthy. No, don't put that on. Too late. No, no. See ya. But what is going on guys? Welcome back to another video. I couldn't pass it up. It's a beautiful 56 degrees right now. It's gorgeous out here. So I haven't seen you guys in a few days. Allow me to catch you up to speed. Yes, I got a haircut. Thank you to all of you who so rudely let me know that I needed one last week. And I did another Instagram poll. I gave you the meatloaf feet, the papoo sauce, the 20 minute one pan pizza, and then the chicken of Frito, Ravioli, Lasagna, which of course won. Let me tell you there was outrage that ensued. Forget your special surprise. Where would you like me to put that? My mother bought me this dollar store sign. It's not dollar store FYI. What is it? Yes, thank you. Put it up against that right there. You'll be able to see it. Look at that. Beautiful. They know what it says. As I was saying, there was outrage that ensued after this recipe one. I did do some very similar recipes to this, but that was over a month ago. Sorry, I'm going to try this one out today. You guys also really wanted me to try the papoo sauce. I wanted that one to win personally. So I will save it for next Friday. There won't be any votes. I'm sorry. But the chicken of Frito, Ravioli, Lasagna, this thing looks delicious. If I'm being honest, it'll go a step further and clogging my arteries. And probably keep me up all night with some stomach aches. Because Alfredo sauce is essentially reduced heavy cream and cheese. So there are a few different components that we have to prepare before we throw this Lasagna together. So let's get right into it. So if you guys want to try to make this at home for yourselves, you're going to want to grab a rotisserie chicken from the store, some butter and garlic, some salt and pepper and ground nutmeg, some mozzarella cheese, heavy cream, and some shredded parmesan. Now as the title indicates, obviously there are spinach, Ravioli in this dish as well. And I did consider making them homemade for a second. Then I realized to myself, number one, I have to make two videos this week. And number two, as I was roaming the store, I saw the exact same spinach, Ravioli on the shelf. So I just, I had to buy a few packs. I'm sorry. But but let's start cooking this stuff. The first thing you have to make is the Alfredo sauce. Start with your butter and garlic. I find that this one was a very basic, very simplified Alfredo sauce. As I mentioned earlier, it's just primarily condensed heavy cream and a ton of cheese. Sometimes there's some shallots in here, some different spices. Really all they had in here was salt, pepper and nutmeg. But it should taste good and it is looking good. So I'm going to set it to the side for now. Now by far for this recipe, the longest, most tedious and annoying thing to do, is shred up this rotisserie chicken. You have to kind of break down the whole thing first and then use forks to shred it up as if it was like going into a quesadilla or something. You got to make sure there's no skin or cartilage or little small bones that get past you. So somebody doesn't choke and die while they're eating this lasagna. But eventually I had what looked to be the whole chicken dissected and shredded. So very last we had to take our massive block of mozzarella and shred up three quarters of this. That seems like a lot, but you are going to need it. Also, I think my pan that I'm using is a little smaller than tasties. And I still use this much cheese. So if you're going to make yours a little bigger or smaller, plan accordingly. And believe it or not, we can actually throw this all together. So I started with a layer of my sauce first. I gave that a nice even coat on the bottom, a layer of my star-bought spinach, Ravioli's. Which now that I think about it, it's really not that strange. Ravioli's just pretty much double as lasagna sheets. And then there happens to be some spinach filling in there. So it's not that weird of an idea. As you can see, I did two layers of everything. Two layers of cheese, the chicken, two layers of Ravioli. The ingredients I showed you at the beginning ended up being pretty much the exact amount that I needed for this. You do want to make sure you end on a layer of mozzarella so that it gets a nice brown color on top. And then you're going to want to bake this at 400 degrees for 40 minutes until that cheese gets nice and bubbly and brown. And as I take this out and cut it, I can tell you that the overwhelming aroma is garlic. There was a lot of garlic in that sauce, but it looks delicious, so let's give it a try. So I did cut this when it was still pretty hot and melty. So I'm kind of surprised how well I kept it shape. I also like the fact that you can kind of see some of the spinach in there and make yourself think it's somewhat healthy. Once again, this is next level. Why do we have so many good recipes in a row? I'm trying to lose weight, guys. The spinach ravioli that I worked so hard to prepare by cutting open the bag is great. The chicken is good. Obviously you can make everything homemade. You can parboil chicken, make homemade ravioli. This is simple, it's delicious. All that butter and cream and cheese, I'm going to be feeling later. But it's so good. I have no complaints taste wise. 10 out of 10. I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did, leave me a big thumbs up as always. I am very excited for you guys to see what I have in store on Sunday or Monday for the next pumpkin spice recipe. Leave your suggestions down in the comments, over on Twitter or Instagram if you don't follow me already. Other than that, have an awesome weekend and I'll see you right back here next time. Peace! Thanks for coming back.