 What's going on, Pete? Welcome back to another video. Contrary to what many of you seem to think, I read most, if not all, of the comments. Yes, even this one, that one, and that one. Now you might be asking, why did I just tell you that? Number one, stop posting weird comments. Number two, I have been seeing a ton of you guys complaining that I haven't been doing way too many desserts, and honestly, I kind of have to agree. I feel like every few weeks we kind of get in the habit of doing like four, five, six videos in a row of desserts. And without even realizing it, I kind of tire us all out. That is precisely why this week I have chosen to do the Teriyaki Chicken Stir Fry dish, which seems like a really delicious, simple version of a recipe I've never been able to get quite right. With all that being said, let us get right into it. So guys, the ingredients we're going to need to make this recipe today are some chicken breasts, some bell peppers, and broccoli, a large sweet onion, some soy sauce, and honey, a tablespoon of sesame seeds, salt and pepper, white rice, and some garlic. And before we get to actually cook anything, there's a lot of pepper we got to do beforehand. And I began with my peppers. I started cutting up my red, yellow, and green pepper. It only says that you need two small ones in this recipe, so I'm going to cut up these three and then only use about half of the total pepper I have cut up. The second thing I did was grab my head of broccoli and started to cut those up into flour, ets, florets. What's that word? I don't remember. Either way, you're going to need about two cups total of chopped broccoli. Now I moved on to this massive onion that's almost the size of my head. And being that it's so ginormous, I'm only going to use half. And I proceeded to slice that up into nice thin strands as well. Try your best not to break out in tears while doing this. Now I just grabbed three small cloves of garlic. Use my knife to help me peel the skin off and then diced those up. The recipe called for a teaspoon of chopped garlic, so I figured these three small cloves would be perfect. And finally for the main event of this recipe I grabbed my chicken breast, gave it a quick rinse in some cold water and then tried to peel some of the fat off of the sides. Once it was all cleaned up I diced it into small bite-sized pieces. And finally we have completed all the prep work we need to make this recipe. So you're going to go over to your stove, throw some oil down in a hot pan and begin by throwing down your chicken. I think that was a bit too hot. Take two. Alright, much better. You want to toss the chicken with some salt and a little bit of pepper in the oil until all the sides turn white and it's almost all the way cooked. I made a little room in the middle of the pan through down my minced up garlic. Try to toss that throughout my chicken and we can begin to construct the sauce. Start with a half cup of soy sauce, a third of a cup of honey and a tablespoon of sesame seeds. You're going to want to let that cook down a little bit over low to medium heat for about five to seven-inch minutes or until the sauce thickens up just like this. Proceed to add all of your white onion, your peppers, two cups of your chopped up broccoli and toss those all into your sauce until everything gets a nice coating. I also really quickly whipped up a batch of white rice that I did off camera, topped it with a big portion of the chicken on one side, the vegetables on the other, and some sesame seeds. I'm just praying that this tastes as good as it looks. Now just appearance-wise, I could tell you that this looks just as good as food you would get from any restaurant. I am going to also try some of the vegetables first. A tad bit overcooked, I'd say. Some people probably like it cooked this way, but I prefer if they were a little bit crunchier. The taste is really good though. Now let's get some chicken. All right, so again, a tad bit overcooked and I was just about to say the flavor was amazing on this because at first it is, but a couple seconds afterwards it leaves like a really thick salty film coating on your mouth. If I had to guess that's probably from the extra salt we added at the beginning because there's already so much soy sauce in there and just letting the sauce with all the vegetables and chicken and everything cook down a little bit too much. It kind of stinks too because this is a recipe that I just a couple minutes more or less cooking time here there could make a huge difference. And because of that, even though this one had potential to be either a nine or a ten, I'm gonna have to probably give it about a seven. Hope you guys enjoyed this week's video if you did smash the like on this. Now I have said this once before, but I gotta say it again, if you guys make any of the recipes that I try in these videos, make sure to snap a picture of it and send it to me because I love to see when you guys try to see if you can do better than me. Not that it would be that hard. But if you do not follow me on Instagram or Twitter already, those links are down in the description. If you want to go do so, other than that, have an absolutely awesome rest of your week and I'll see you right back here on Sunday. Peace!