 What's going on peeps welcome back to a brand new video now this might call some controversy but I chose not to do a instagram poll this week and instead I went back through tasties past few months worth of videos and I picked out the one that stuck out to me that I wanted to try the second it came out the chicken parm pizza. Now if you are a fan of chicken parmesan or pizza aka the entire population of the globe you should be happy for this. I will admit the preparation of the chicken portion is a bit unorthodox but we'll cross that bridge once we get to it so let's get right into it. Now because there are a few different main parts that make up this beautiful creation there will be a insane number of ingredients to correspond with that. I started with a can of whole tomatoes, some shredded parmesan cheese, chicken breasts and fresh mozzarella, bread crumbs, salt and pepper and oil to fry with some flour and onion and some fresh garlic, some celery, a couple eggs, paprika, tomato paste, butter, garlic powder, some dried basil, a dried oregano and some onion powder. I am out of breath. Now we are going to start with the chicken crust base because it has to freeze for a while so we'll get that out of the way. I started with two chicken breasts. I tried to clean them up a little bit, shaved some of the fat off. I cut this into cubes and then loaded it into my blender. Something I've most definitely never done before so this should be interesting but to the chicken I added some salt and some pepper, some garlic powder, some onion powder, oregano and the paprika. What is going on? Here we go, wewak. This is an active studio. So rude. I will say this, something about blended up chicken paste kind of like skips me out a bit but I guess that's how chicken nuggets and everything are made so afterwards I throw it into my 8 inch round cake pan with some plastic wrap. I quickly learned I did not have enough chicken to cover the bottom of this whole pan so try to compensate it used the edge of the pan to make it round a little bit smaller and it's looking good so I popped it in the freezer for a few hours. Next up is our delicious homemade pizza sauce that I am getting from the genius kitchen website. I'll leave this recipe in the description. I just started by chopping up a bunch of onion and garlic cloves. All you out there who went through the time to actually count up how much of these ingredients I've used added to the list. I chopped up a few stalks of celery and addition and I'm doubling this recipe so just keep that in mind if you go take a look at it. And now in my medium sized sauce pan I heated up my oil and about two tablespoons of butter. I first added in my vegetables, my onion, fresh garlic and celery. I feel like I'm making a soup instead of a sauce. I cooked those off for a few minutes just until they got a little bit softer. I blended up that can of whole tomatoes and added that in as well as one small can of tomato paste. The paste should not only thicken this a little bit but add some more tomato flavor and richness. And once that comes back to a simmer you can add in the rest of your ingredients and that's going to be some Parmesan cheese, dried basil and oregano, some salt and pepper obviously and then a little bit of sugar surprisingly. And I'm just going to let this simmer away for at least an hour if not more while I finish preparing my chicken. Now that my chicken puck is hardened almost completely I first dipped it in some flour and made sure it had a nice coating. I popped it back in the freezer while I dumped in some eggs I had to wash the pan in between each ingredient. I dipped it in my eggs and gave it a good coating in that and then the very last thing is obviously bread crumbs. I'm trying not to waste a ton of each one of these ingredients. It's just hard to fill the pan up enough so that'll cover it but also not too much that it wastes a lot if that makes any sense. Although unlike some other YouTubers out there I'd rather waste some bread crumbs and flour than wasting my whole career away. One day at a YouTube convention or something I'm going to get jumped or like punched in the eye or something I'm calling it right now. The very last thing you have to do though before you throw your pizza all together is to fry your chicken. So in my nonstick skillet I threw down some oil I allowed it to heat up and then added my chicken in. I was very scared this was going to start bubbling and boil over and blow my kitchen up but I eventually scooped off some of the oil just to try to prevent that from happening. And a couple minutes on each side and I think our chicken is ready to go. The final step in this process is to throw your chicken on a cookie sheet our fresh homemade delicious smelling pizza sauce on top of that in a nice thick layer. A bunch of pieces of our fresh pre-cut mozzarella. Finish it off with a little Parmesan cheese and then you're going to broil this in the oven for a few minutes until your cheese is nice and brown and bubbling. And with that I am very happy with how this looks. It doesn't really look like tasty or the restaurants at all but it still smells good. It's got a great crunch to it and I'm excited to give this a try. Any type of fried chicken, melted cheese, a homemade sauce with a ton of garlic and onion. It's just one of the best smells. Oh man. I'll be honest with you guys. It's not that great. The chicken is like pretty much, when you go to a restaurant or something and if you were to get that you would think that that's not chicken. Like you would think that that's some type of like mystery meat or I don't know something that's not chicken but it is clearly it's 99% chicken. It's just strange. It tastes okay too. Like the flavor's there. It's just the texture and obviously the look of it. It's not that appealing. In my opinion you're just better off pounding out chicken and try to maybe get it in the shape of a circle and make many personal pizzas or something. If you do it like this is just kind of I don't know. Wasting the chicken a bit. As you can tell I'm eating it though and I'll probably finish it so I'll give it like a 5.85 out of 10. But I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did leave a big like on this one for me. Do not worry. I'll be back next week with another Instagram poll. Sorry I took one week off. Follow me on Twitter and Instagram of course. Thank you for the wee-wacking. Other than that though, have an awesome rest of your weekend and I'll see you right back here next time. Peace!