 Music Music Music Music Music What's going on, Peeps? And welcome back to this week's Copycat Test. Now now, uh, firstly, for everyone who was freaking out, attacking me on Instagram and Twitter on BuzzFeed's pages, hey, good looking out. And be because of all of you, there was just no way I was going to be able to make another video and not address this. So be honest with you guys, at first, I was a little upset because they posted that only two days after I posted mine, and I kept looking at all the videos they're posting on all their social media, hoping I'd see my name credited somewhere, but it was nowhere. So it's definitely safe to say I was a little taken back, but I thought about it more, and honestly, I cannot be mad at that. And you guys have to kind of think of this the same way. If it wasn't for their recipes and me testing them all out, none of you would even be here. It would have been nice to get a little credit still, but honestly, guys, you cannot be mad. I'm not mad. Come on, we bring it in. Bring it in. Let's hug it out. But anyway, getting right back on track, this week's recipe is going to be, excuse me if I'm wrong, but I think the first ever breakfast food that we're going to be making. Now, I'm sure some of you are going to see how much sugar and chocolate is in it and then call it a dessert, but technically it's classified as a breakfast food in my opinion anyways. But it is the chocolate fudge pancakes, and I don't think I've ever made a homemade pancake from scratch. So this should be interesting. Let's get started. All right, guys, so just because their pancakes doesn't mean this is going to be an easy recipe. And that definitely shows by holding ingredients we're going to need. Starting with some flour, some heavy cream and sugar, some vanilla extract and milk, a couple of eggs, some cocoa powder, some semi-sweet chocolate chips, a semi-sweet chocolate bar, baking powder, and of course some butter. So the first thing we're going to do is grab a big bowl and crack two eggs. Do your best to retract the yolks from the whites and save the whites because we're going to need them for a little bit later. But right now we're just going to work on the yolks. So I took those and added three tablespoons of my sugar to that and mixed that together. Afterwards, I threw in one and a third cup of milk, mixed that in as well, and we have to set that aside. This is where the egg whites come into play. I stupidly decided to whip them by hand. Luckily for you guys, I skipped that part and just got to when they were finally whipped up. I grabbed my milk and egg mixture and threw those right in there with it. Now we can just finish our wet ingredients off with three tablespoons of melted butter and a teaspoon of vanilla extract. Once you've got all of those ingredients to thoroughly mix up, I set that bowl to the side and grabbed myself another one. I attempted to sift one and a half cups of my flour with this plastic sifter thing, but it was taking absolutely all day so I switched to this smaller metal one and that worked a lot better. After the flour was sifted through, I threw in my cocoa powder as well and sifted that out and finished the dry ingredients off with about two and a half teaspoons of the baking powder. At this point, I made a little well in the middle of the dry ingredients and then dumped in my other bowl of wet ingredients. Finally, I whisked those both together for a couple minutes until everything was combined and the very last ingredient we're going to need for the pancake batter is the chocolate bar. You need about three and a half ounces of chopped chocolate which was almost this entire baking bar, so I cut off as much as I needed and began to trap this up. Again, I don't know if it's me today or what, but this took forever too. Some of the pieces just refused to be chopped, so I finally gave in and just threw all of it into a blender and after posting that a couple times, I kind of ended up with more of a protein powder looking substance than chopped chocolate. But either way, I just added it into my batter, mixed it all together and then set it aside for 15 to 20 minutes. While the batter is resting, we can go over to the stove and throw about a cup of heavy cream in a pot. Let that come to a boil just like so. Take it off of the heat and add it to about eight ounces of chocolate chips. This is going to be the chocolate ganache that's going to top off all of our pancakes. Once that step was completed, I grabbed my batter again, a flat pan through about a tablespoon of butter down and the first ladle of pancake mix. You really have to keep a close eye on this and maintain the same heat because if you don't, you can be like me and end up with some burnt edges. Nothing too severe, though, so I just carried on and I want to say this entire batter made about seven or eight pancakes of this size. Onto my plate, it went and even though BuzzFeed didn't do this step between every single pancake, I threw a little spoonful of the ganache. Of course, I had to top off the whole stack with a ton of the ganache as well and look at this thing. Are we in my kitchen or are we in my house? Although by the looks of the slice, I just cut this should be on a cover of chocolate lovers weekly or something. As good as the slice, I just cut off looks. It's just way too massive for me to eat in one bite. To BuzzFeed for letting me make the recipes. Very, very chocolatey, which I kind of expected. Number one, they're definitely not as sweet as I was expecting. You really get like an intense bittersweet chocolate flavor. Number two, I wish they were just a tad lighter. They're very on the heavy side, so I could only see myself really eating one or two of these before I just have to stop. If you're a super crazy chocolate fan, I'm sure you would love these things, but honestly, for the amount of work I put into them, I was kind of hoping for them to be a little bit better, so I'm gonna give them a solid six and a half. Hope you guys enjoyed this week's BuzzFeed Test. If you did, smash the like on this for me. If you want to go check out my Instagram or my Twitter, of course, those links will be down in the description as always. If you have any more suggestions for recipes I haven't tried yet, leave them down in the comments for me as well, and I hope you have an absolutely awesome rest of your week. I will see you right back here on Sunday again for another DIY. Peace. Well, I'm gonna flip the whole chair. That's a first.