 Why do I always start sick videos? What is going on everybody? Welcome back to the channel. There's some weird lighting going on. I feel like I'm on a 5 minute craft set or something. Just ignore it please. I have felt like crap all week long. I pretty much decided I wasn't going to post a video. I was just going to skip one. But today I woke up feeling slightly better. So here we are. Except for the fact that it's Thursday already and I have not done a poll. I have no idea what you guys want to see. So here's what we're going to do. God knows what I'm going to get in my DMs right now, especially because I'm going to be opening pictures and stuff. So this is probably a bad idea. And okay here we are in my DMs. The land of the unknown. I'm always scared to come into these message requests honestly. Let's start with Nella. Hey David I just really want you to try these hacks. What is it just pancakes? No I have no time for this. Black and cheese are spaghetti donuts. That's a good idea actually. Smorgasburg in Brooklyn. I will save that for a DVR. Thank you very much. Make the giant pancakes. Honestly I cannot be bothered. You know how much money and time and resources that I do not have. We have one day here. We need something easier. B.A. coconut cake. I'm allergic to coconuts. So this is a BuzzFeed test. We need something BuzzFeed related. 30 pound giant burger. No. BuzzFeed's chewy chocolate chip cookies. Haven't I done those already? Actually no I did their best chocolate chip cookies. Not the chewy ones. God knows how many DMs like actual big celebrities or big youtubers get. How many DMs I get from just one story about a food recipe. Just to clarify I don't normally get this many DMs. It's because I send out a story asking for people to send to them. BuzzFeed's best chocolate chip cookie versus Bonapetit. Now that is a good idea and a good clickpady title. I think that's what we're going to go with. I saw the chewy recipe from earlier and a ton of Bonapetit stuff. So that's really good. Tasty's best chewy chocolate chip cookies versus Bonapetit Chris Maracos. Best chocolate chip cookies. Let's get right into this. Okay so this is going to be one of the most epic showdowns in culinary history. Tasty's best chewy chocolate chip cookies versus the super tasting king himself Chris Maracos of Bonapetit. And I think it's only right to get into Tasty's recipe first also because there's has to go in the fridge for half hour while Chris's recipe does not. I also think the best part about this showdown is the fact that each recipe uses the same exact ingredients. The only difference is Tasty uses milk chocolate and dark chocolate while Chris only uses a 50 to 60% dark chocolate. That is it. I do wish I knew which Tasty producer came up with this recipe whether it was Alex, or Rie, or Alvin, or anybody else. It wouldn't make this a lot more dramatic but I'm not sure who did this one. You have to start by combining all of your sugars and melted butter though along with only one full egg. They also just simply sift out the dry ingredients right on top of your other stuff. Give it a few folds to incorporate everything and then throw your chocolate chunks right on top of them after you've got the bars chopped up of course. If I remember correctly Tasty uses 8 ounces of chocolate which is 2 of these bars while Chris uses a little bit less but we'll see about that when we get there. I do have to say this cookie dough smells delicious, it looks really good but I wrapped it up and placed it in the fridge for 30 minutes while I worked on recipe number 2. Like I said before Chris uses slightly less, 2 ounces less chocolate so I'm going to use 1-4 ounce bar and then just measure out 2 more ounces of semi sweet chocolate chips. I'm assuming they're about the same percentage and I want to open a whole other dark chocolate bar. Besides that though I would say the biggest differentiation, differentiator, my brain's not working. The biggest difference in the two recipes is that Bonapetites makes some brown butter. I do remember using this for a Tasty recipe a while back. I think I did it wrong, I think I took it away too far. Basically over medium low heat you want to slightly bring your butter to a simmer, let it get nice and foamy and then when you start to see some of those brown bits on the bottom just pull it off of the heat, put it in a heat safe bowl, add in some more butter and then it's kind of like tempering butter if that makes sense. All I know is brown butter smells delicious and I kind of just want to drink this. Once it has cooled down though you're going to add your sugars and mix those in along with a full egg and then two additional egg yolks which is interesting. This recipe definitely has a lot more fat between the butter, the additional yolks so it should make for a much more savory cookie. Another important step is that he mixes his three dry ingredients of flour, salt and baking soda in a smaller bowl together first and then dumps it in without sifting and then just like last time you're going to dump in your chocolate chunks. Now because this batter seems a little bit runny and loose I set it to the side because apparently you can do that and it'll thicken up so I grabbed BuzzFeed's recipe from the fridge and then into my 350 degree oven for about 12 to 14-ish minutes I baked these all off. They seem very thin but also crispy on the edges so that should be good, very chocolatey as well. Once dry remove this batch and transfer it to a cooling rack I threw on Bon Appetit's version and baked those off at a little bit higher of a temperature, 375 for between 8 and 10 minutes. Visually I would say these look a little bit better, taste wise I honestly have no idea which way it's going to go or if I'll be able to taste anything so let's give them a try. You know when you cough and you feel like you just accomplish nothing and you just have wasting air and energy. Now I don't think anybody out there would say that either one of these look bad, these look more standard, almost more store bought, these look more homemade but they look pretty good both of them. These are tasties and they are oddly thin and I refrigerated them for a while like close to an hour or more so this is not what I expected. I'm also going to try to be as unbiased as possible. Tastey is like my go to, the reason you're all here but I'm going to pretend like I don't know where either of these recipes came from. Really good, super chocolatey, you got a nice crisp around the edges and the bottom. I would be ecstatic to eat this cookie if anybody gave it to me. Up next, bon appetit, I'm scared, these look really good. Oh no, I feel so bad. Even through the illness I can taste that these are better. They have such like a good balance between salty and sweet and savory. All that chocolate is just like molten and the whole inside is gooey. It's got a great crisp on it. Damn, these are still great too. I don't know if I could have done something wrong. I was with half of these episodes but if you have all the ingredients, I would lean this way. I hope you guys enjoyed today's BuzzFeed test. If you did, leave me a big thumbs up. I'm sorry if this one seemed rushed or lackluster. Again, I wasn't even going to post a video this week but just woke up yesterday and decided I would so you can't what you get. The second I get over, whatever's going on is full force this summer. Two videos a week minimum have so many videos halfway filmed, halfway edited, just ready to go. Other than that, they'll have an awesome weekend. I'll see you right back here next time. Peace.