 Some people may try to say I have too many flannos. I say you don't have enough. What's up guys and welcome back to this week's Buzzfeed Test. After you're realizing now we are 21 shows in. Meaning I've been doing this for five months straight. It does not feel like that long, but that's pretty easy to think about. But anyway guys, on last week's video, DAV408 suggested that I do the chocolate covered ice cream bites and almost 100 of you liked it up. This seems like one of those full proof, easy to do recipes, but I'm sure in some way I'll find a way to mess it up. Hopefully not, but let's get right into it. All right guys, this recipe is going to be pretty simple. All you're going to need is vanilla ice cream, chocolate chips, and rice crispy cereal. Optional is the coconut oil that they threw in the chocolate to make it shiny, but we will get to that part when it comes. Step number one, grab yourself a square baking tray. I'm sure a circular or a rectangular tray will work just as well, as long as the bottom is flat. Grab the tray or pan that you're going to use and throw down a sheet of wax paper. Yes, wax paper. On top of the paper, throw down enough ice cream to cover the entire bottom. You want it about a half inch thick. Once you think you have enough down, you're going to smooth that out with the spoon. This step is 100 times easier if the ice cream is softened, so keep it out for a couple minutes before you start this. Once it's nice and flat, you're going to take yet another sheet of wax paper and throw it on the top. The next step is to throw it in the freezer for how long? What? Overnight? Ah, okay. The next morning, I took it out of the freezer. I grabbed the ice cream out of the pan and attempted to pull the wax paper off. I was hoping this was going to come off nice and easy. Nope, I pulled off a little piece here, a little piece there. I tried to get the paper out with the knife, stabbed myself on the finger, it's turning into thread banger around here. After 10 grueling minutes, I finally got all the paper off, and then took a nice sharp knife and diced the entire square up. Now we're going to throw those back in the freezer for a few minutes as we prepare a chocolate. Let's be throwing a half cup of coconut oil to give the chocolate a little bit of a sheen, but coconut tonight do not get along. So I'm going to skip that process and just melt down the chocolate without it. After you let the chocolate cool for a few minutes, throw in a third of a cup of your rice crispy cereal. This is beginning to look like the aftermath of eating way too many burritos with a lot of corn. Sorry for giving you that visual. Let's get past it. Grab your ice cream back again, and one by one you're going to take your ice cream cubes and then coat them nice and evenly in your chocolate mix. A fork works best for this process. Make sure you get a nice even coating on all of them, and you're going to take them out and throw them on a another baking tray with yes, some more wax paper. After I filled up my tray, I threw it back in the freezer, and here we are. At first glance they kind of resemble dog turds, but they should hopefully taste better than they look. Let's give them a try. All right, so these things have been in the freezer for like 40, 45 minutes, and the fritters just cranked all the way up, so they're not going to get any colder than they are now. Get one that looks decent. Three, two, that's bomb. Look at this. Look. Look at all that chocolate, that rice crispy. Ice cream is kind of melting now that it's been out for a while. Super simple, but you know what the best part of this is? The rice crispy. The crunch that they give it in the chocolate is like, really, really good. Taste wise, no complaints at all. Kind of time consuming and very annoying to make, but I think it's worth it. Nine out of ten. Those things are good. And being that they are so good and pretty straightforward to make, I thought to myself, these would probably be good with a couple different ice creams. So I went out and got a couple different ice creams. Have out some mint chocolate chip. We're going to follow the same process as the vanilla one, throw it down the pan, put some wax paper on top, freeze it overnight, chop it up, coat it in chocolate, freeze it again, and... Mmm. Even better. Nine and a half out of ten. How about some chocolate chip cookie dough? This one might be even better than the last one. When the dice that up, coat that into chocolate, throw that in the freezer overnight, and... Not even a half out of ten again. And finally, the one I'm most excited for, chocolate marshmallow. What if you guys like today's BuzzFeed test? Can you smash that thumbs up for me? Let's go for 4,000 that is by far the most I've ever asked for, but we seem to be hitting out on every video. If you guys have any more suggestions of recipes that you want me to try out, leave them right down in the comments. In the description is my twitter, my instagram, and the original BuzzFeed video. If you want to go check any of those out, other than that, I'll see you right back here next Thursday, and I have an absolutely awesome rest of your week. Peace. Are you okay? Did you just hopefully fall on the floor?