 Oh, no, I'm so happy in the good mood. This recipe is going to be miserable today. What is going on in my peeps? Welcome back to another BuzzFeed test. The weekly show where I truly feel like I have a target on my pack. You guys just want me to do the most difficult recipe to see me struggle and be tortured. I ran yet another poll on my Instagram story. This one was actually closer than any other poll I ran before. But of course, the chocolate crepe cake one. Why? Because it seems the hardest I'm sure. Now I have done a tiramisu crepe cake before and I remember having some difficulty with that. That was 70 episodes ago. So hopefully my cooking skills have improved slightly since then. But I guess we'll find out today. So let's get right into it. So guys, of course, there are two tasty videos on this one recipe. The first one that came out over a year ago, which is just the one minute long typical BuzzFeed video shown you how to make it. And then one that came out more recently where Nikki tried her best to recreate it. Got some issues. I definitely related to those issues, but I learned a lot from that video. So for this, I grabbed some cocoa powder and six eggs. A few cups of milk and a stick of butter. We're going to need some heavy whipping cream as well as some white sugar and flour. Some normal heavy cream and a few sticks of kind of dark baking chocolate. That's going to be for the chocolate ganache at the very end. So don't even worry about that right now. Next up, we are going to start with the crepe batter, not only because it's the start of the show today, but also because it needs to sit in the fridge for an hour or so. You're going to want to grab six tablespoons of unsalted butter in a saucepan, let it melt down, and then begin to brown a little bit before pulling it off the heat. In that same pan, I warmed up three cups of skim milk. Not whole milk. Apparently this makes a huge difference. Thank you to Nikki once again for letting me know this information. Before adding in those liquid ingredients, I first had to combine the dry stuff. So I sifted out some flour, some of that cocoa powder, and a little bit of sugar. As you guys know, if you need the specific measurements for all of these recipes, the link to the original tasty videos are down in the description because I give credits when I use people's ideas. I was not even planning on mentioning that today, but I cannot help myself. You guys already know that. Once I had my dry ingredients mixed, I tossed in those six eggs that I cracked already, gave that a bit of a mix, and then slowly you want to gradually add in your milk and your melted butter, going back and forth, mixing in between each time you add something until you get to your crepe batter consistency. I loosely covered my batter and threw it in the fridge for about an hour while I whipped up my heavy whipping cream. We need four cups, which is pretty much this entire container of heavy whipping cream. I wasn't sure what else I was supposed to add here. They only said whipped cream, so I just added a little bit of sugar and mixed it until I got some stiff peaks just about here, and that's looking good, so let's get back to the batter. I quickly ran my batter through a sift air just to make sure there wasn't any dry lumps in there that didn't get incorporated and would ruin my crepes. But one by one, I dropped down a quarter cup of the crepe batter and tried my best to form these and flip them, and as you can see, things were not going well at first. Why? What is going on here? Look at this. Ow. What? Oh, you. Come on, man. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ouch. Ouch. You need me? I ended up wasting about four or five of these before I had any idea of what I was doing. I grabbed some gloves for one because I was synching my fingers on these damn crepes. And number two, I don't think I was letting them cook for long enough because once they gave them an extra couple minutes, they were actually pretty easy to flip. So one by one, I would pour in some crepe batter and flip it. These only need like 90 seconds on each side at most, otherwise you're pretty much over cooking them. I continued this process over the course of about 45 minutes until I ran out of batter. I didn't really count them. I'm just hoping that I'm going to have enough here. And after I let these babies cool, it was time to stack them up. I was trying my hardest to keep them level and not let them dome in the middle so it would look like somewhat of a normal cake. I am kind of happy with how this whipped cream came out though. It's looking nice and light and fluffy so that's very nice. That should taste good. And I believe I ended up counting 19 layers of crepes. So I didn't hit that 20 mark but I think 19 is almost just as good. Now I did pop that into the fridge while I prepared the very last part of this recipe which is the chocolate ganache. I broke up some of the chocolate baking bars through them into a bowl and then warmed up both my heavy cream and a few tablespoons of sugar. This is pretty simple. I love when you make chocolate ganache like this. It kind of just transforms to this glossy chocolate fondue. If only Charlie and the chocolate factory could be real and somebody had a chocolate waterfall like this. I'm diving. Now I did try to clean up the edges of my cake just by eye with a serrated knife. I was kind of too scared to put a bowl and try to get a perfect circle. So I just took off some of the excess whipped cream and it was looking okay. So for the grand finale I began. So one by one I would pour in some crepe batter and flip it. These only need like 90 seconds on each side at most otherwise you're pretty much over cooking them. I continued this process over the course of about 45 minutes until I ran out of batter. I didn't really count them. I'm just hoping that I'm going to have enough here. And after I let these babies cool it was time to stack them up. I was trying my hardest to keep them level and not let them dome in the middle so it would look like somewhat of a normal cake. I am kind of happy with how this whipped cream came out though. It's looking nice and light and fluffy so that's very least that should taste good. And I believe I ended up counting 19 layers of crepes so I didn't hit that 20 mark but I think 19 is almost just as good. Now I did pop that into the fridge while I prepared the very last part of this recipe which is the chocolate ganache. I broke up some of the chocolate baking bars through them into a bowl and then warmed up both my heavy cream and a few tablespoons of sugar. This is pretty simple. I love when you make chocolate ganache like this it kind of just transforms to this like glossy chocolate fondue. If only Charlie and the chocolate factory could be real and somebody had a chocolate waterfall like this. I would dive in. Now I did try to clean up the edges of my cake just by eye with a serrated knife. I was kind of too scared to put a bowl and try to get a perfect circle so I just took off some of the excess whipped cream and it was looking okay so for the grand finale I began to pour the chocolates and this was looking pretty good. It wasn't covering the sides as nicely as I would hope. I did go in and cut some more pieces out so the chocolate would fall easier but I got a slice I played it up pretty nicely so let's just give this a try. What do you guys think? I'd say top five, maybe top three most aesthetically pleasing desserts I've made. I'm going to get that signature tasty cut part. I don't know what they called it. There you go. Peep the layers. If you really want to count them at home let me know if I was wrong.