 This week for this Friday's video. Happy Easter to everybody out there who's celebrated yesterday And have an awesome beginning of your week. I'll see you right back here for the next one Peace umm Okay Okay, god damn now. Hey man! You gonna make those croissants? Why are you in my room? You leave please. I am a god, so hurry up when I damn massage And the princess rests around Hurry up when I damn croissants! I'm here with God. What the fuck? Oh, today! What the hell? Why are you kidding me? What the hell? Hey hey, I made some pasta. It's on the table if you want it. What are you doing? I'm going out. And have some stew and just... We're still refuses to be the chocolate rice. What the hell? I'm gonna do these things man. Oh my god. I give up. You guys win. It is time to make some chocolate croissants. What is going on my peeps? Welcome back to another Buzzfeed test. This isn't any old regular Buzzfeed test. This is the infamous chocolate croissants. I have not been able to live properly or eat or sleep or breathe without hearing people ask me for this or comment or text me about it. The first 30 seconds of this video was real. I haven't been avoiding it for any specific reason. I was probably gonna save it for something special. But I didn't think it was that much of a groundbreaking life-changing recipe. Of course, I have to take a moment to thank very loosely the thousands and thousands of people that have requested this for five months almost. Whether that be in my YouTube comments, in my DMs, which by the way, there is some controversy around this. A lot of people refuse to call these croissants and call them... PINO CHOCOLATE. They killed me now. And to all those people, I'm very sorry. A tasty tester. And that's what they call this recipe. So that's what I'm gonna be trying out today. Let's just get right into it. So, ladies and gentlemen, we are here. We have arrived. We need to grab some ingredients which is actually not as complicated as I thought. It's just some flour and butter, some warm water and salt. I got three different types of chocolate. I haven't decided which one I'm gonna use yet. Some milk, some active dry yeast, and a little bit of sugar. Before we go any further, major shout outs to Alex on Tasty's team who did the behind the tasty video. She's probably my favorite Buzzfeed creator, or at least top three. She's hilarious. She's dedicated like me, and I don't know that I would have put eight days into this recipe. So major props to you, Alex. So let us begin. In a bowl, I grabbed four cups of flour that I sifted out quickly. To that, I added some water and milk, a little bit of sugar, that salt and a packet of yeast. To finish it off, I tossed in three tablespoons of softened butter, and began to start mixing. And it did not take very long to realize that this was gonna be way too dry. Already off to a fantastic start. I had to add, I think, another eighth to a quarter cup of water to get this to form together at all. But after I did so, and needed it a bit, mine looks pretty much the same as Tasty's, so hopefully we're right on track. And for the first time of many, I've wrapped it in some plastic, and threw it in the fridge to chill for an hour. In the meantime though, I grabbed two and a half sticks of butter, and I cut them in half, so I had five half sticks. If that makes sense, I put them in some parchment paper and tried to roll it out into a nice flat square. Now from everything I've read in the comments, and on people's blogs, the key to these is to keep this butter cold. Because the second this butter goes room temperature and mixes in with your dough, it's just not gonna work. So we will see if we can accomplish that today. But back over to my dough, I grabbed it out of the fridge and gave it its first rolling with my rolling pin. I even got a new rolling pin for this, that I'm pretty sure as the exact same one is Tasty. I tossed in my butter and folded the dough up around it, gave it another quick flattening with my rolling pin, put it on a cookie sheet, wrapped it again, and back into the fridge it went. Afterwards you want to take it out and roll it lengthwise until it's almost probably around two feet. Fold it in thirds, wrap it in plastic, you know the drill by now. For the next three hours, I repeated this process until the late hours of the morning, you would know that if you followed me on Twitter or Instagram. By the time I refrigerated this and rolled it out and folded it enough to get it to a point where I had to put it in the fridge overnight, I think it was about four a.m. no lie. I was very happy to stow this away in the fridge and not have to look at it for a solid 12 hours. But the next morning I took it out of the fridge and cut it in half and I'm very happy to report that you can actually see some layers in this. I don't know that there as defined as tasty as was, but there you can see the difference between the dough and the butter. I'm happy. Now with each half of your dough, you want to roll it out until I got mine about 16 inches long, that way you can cut it in four even rectangles, each of those about four inches wide. And now comes the easy part thankfully. You want to throw a little bit of that dark chocolate. I ended up using the 66% I believe, and rolling each one of your dough sheets up into these little jelly roll looking things. Now I just had to repeat that whole process with the second half of the dough while the first half was sitting in the fridge waiting. And when I had the next four completed, I tossed all eight of my croissants onto my cookie sheet and I just gave them a nice light brushing with some egg wash. And did you think it was time to put these in the oven and finally bake them? No. You have to cover them and let them sit for another two hours to proof or rise in a room temperature kitchen. And although mine didn't seem to rise too much, I was still pretty optimistic about these, so I gave them one more layer of egg wash and into a 400 degree oven for 15 minutes these went. And guys, it has been a very long time in the making, but I think I accomplished some chocolate croissants. Now I'm not going to lie to you. This definitely took a very long time. It was tedious, it was irritating, but I won't say that I'll never do it again. It was a straightforward recipe. You can kind of get like a really good idea of the layering right at the end there, if it's even focused. It also kind of smells a little bit like a hot pretzel. Maybe that's the egg wash on top. Here we go. Oh man. I'm not the biggest fan in the world of croissants, but man, this is good. Did you think I was going to be able to accomplish this? When you saw the title and thumbnail of this video, I bet you didn't. Also, more than anything, I'm just relieved that these came out good, so I'll have to do them in a retry months in the future. They're delicious though, of course. They're getting a 10 out of 10. What I make them again, probably not anytime soon though. I hope you guys enjoyed today's long-awaited bus fee test. If you did, slap a big like on this one. Follow me over on Twitter and on Instagram. If I hear another comment about chocolate croissants, I'm just kidding. It's kind of funny when people get that committed and just dedicated to making me try something. It makes it all worthwhile. So I hope you guys have an awesome weekend and I'll see you right back here for the next one. Until then. Bye.