 What's going on guys, my name's David and welcome back to this week's BuzzFeed test. Now a couple days ago as I was scrolling through people's comments and BuzzFeed and Tasty videos I came across this video and then the top comment on that video was this. Which kind of shocked and stunned me that I just randomly came across people who were talking about me. But I did promise you guys that I was gonna be doing it so here I am. This week I'm gonna be trying the Churro ice cream balls from Tasty's YouTube channel. These things seem pretty simple but there's definitely room for me to mess them up so let's see how I do. Alright guys some ingredients are gonna have to pick up to make this recipe is some flour, some oil to fry, salt, vanilla extract, water, cinnamon sugar, brown sugar, eggs and butter. And let's first start by making the churro dough. So in a saucepan I combine a half stick of butter with two tablespoons of brown sugar. I let that melt down a little bit then added a half teaspoon of salt and one cup of water. I kept stirring until the entire mixture came to a boil. Once it did so I took it up the heat and added a cup of flour. Two weeks, two spatulas down. Once that was all thoroughly mixed up I set it aside for a couple of minutes to cool, then added a teaspoon of vanilla extract and four eggs but one by one. So you gotta throw one in mix it up and throw your next one. I'm not sure exactly why they want you to do this but I'm making sure to follow the exact recipe. At this point it seems really running but I just went with it. This time I actually had some real piping bags unlike our last churro experience. So I cut the tip off the bag through my metal tip in there through that into a cup and then filled that up with the batter. Everything's going a little too perfect right now. Our last step before the cooking process is to grab yourself a cupcake tin, turn it upside down spray it with some cooking spray and then one by one carefully pipe a layer of your dough around each mold. These things seem really close together so I did every other and only made three of them. You then gonna throw those into the freezer for three hours to overnight which seems a little excessive but nonetheless I did so. And finally we get to cook these things so once again I grab myself another saucepan through in a few cups of oil and then got that to heat up. Make sure your oil is hot enough first and that's much better. So I gave it a couple minutes on each side until it got nice and brown just about there. Then I took it out let it drain out on a paper towel and then coated that in some cinnamon and sugar. It's not looking bad at this point. It caved in a little bit at the bottom and it's a little thicker than tasty's was but overall not horrible. Top that with a little bit of chocolate syrup and this thing's looking pretty dang good. Let's give it a try. Would you like to come on camera and try? Don't walk away. Alright so someone has finally made a return after how many weeks I don't know. Drove any initial thoughts? I was about to say from what but there's a ton of eggs in there so maybe three two one. Mushroom. Yes. It is on the mushy side. That side is like crispy with everything else is really like sponge. Spungy texture. The chocolate syrup and the cinnamon sugar really does pick it up though so what would you give it? Seven. It's a firm seven and a half pushing eight if it was cooked properly. Now being that this thing came out pretty good it made me wonder what else can you make out of churros. How about a couple little Dorito chips? I did the same process through those into the freezer, fried them up and those not looking too bad. How about a churro drinking glass? I actually did the same exact process except with a much bigger cup. I kept that in the freezer for about four to five hours, tried to pop that off and then that whole thing kind of collapsed. I hate don't recommend trying this one. Now getting away from the food and drink utensils I wonder if I could do something else with these. How about a hair comb? That seems logical. I made sure this one was super well cooked through and there you go. There is your churro hair comb. You might as well do the outro while you're here gracing us with your presents. I might as well do the outro. Yeah but if you like this video and want to see me eat more things I shouldn't be eating or that hard cooked well like and subscribe. I'm excited. How are you done? I'm not this much shorter than him by the way. I'm just like leaning. Don't ruin my hair. If you have more suggestions for us maybe I'll bring this bum back. Leave them down in the comments. Have it all some week guys. I'll see you right back here next Thursday. Peace. you It takes like hairsprite. That