 What's going on everybody? My name's David and welcome back to another BuzzFeed test. Now today is a monumental day and I'll tell you all why. Everyone, I need a big round of applause to welcome to the set, Megan! Woo! This is the part where you're walking! Hi everyone! She's copying me with the plaid. I don't know. Megan here has been way too many videos for me to count honestly. She's like our sister we never had. So cute. No, I mean I just had to say something nice to the episode. So, Megan, what are we doing today? Making cookies? Well, not necessarily. We're probably making like cookie-type things. It's a cookie week. So I decided to pick two recipes that we're kind of too simple to do on their own and that is cookie butter and this cookie dough dip. I hope she knows you're doing all the cooking today. I'm just standing back and watching so. No. Let's get started. So today we're going to start with possibly the easiest recipe that we've done on this show and that is cookie butter. The hopes are not very high for this one but nonetheless grab your favorite cookie, throw them in a bag and smash them up. Once you got them all roughly chopped up, throw them in your blender and a half cup of oil and then as much water as you need. It didn't say exactly how much water but you're going to keep blending it, adding a little bit of water and eventually you're going to come out with this disgustingly slimy. I really have no words for what this looks like. Smells good. Looks like baby poop either way, throw it in the freezer and let's move on. Well that's freezing for 20 minutes. We're going to try to make this cookie dough dip. You're going to need oil, sugar, brown sugar, butter, cream cheese, chocolate chips, and vanilla extract. Step one, throw a half cup of butter and eight ounces of cream cheese into a bowl and mix that up. Once you got all that fluff together you're going to add one cup of powdered sugar, three tablespoons of brown sugar, two teaspoons of vanilla extract and mix that all in as well. And finally throw in a cup of chocolate chips, fold those in nicely and apparently this thing is done. As you could see here's our final product. I'd say it looks pretty close to bus speeds. Guys everyone, I just need you all to know she's taking big steps in her life because she usually hates cream cheese so I'm very proud. Three, two, one. I taste some cream cheese. That's all you taste. Yeah. We did not plan that. All I taste like. All you taste is buttery cream cheese. Yeah. No, I'm about to gag. It's like at first you're like okay and the most fun is like cream cheese. It hits you in the back of the tongue. Yep. But then you can't get away. I go big tongue. You want this knowledge? We know. At a time I'm giving this a two. I'd take four. If you love galops of cream cheese on graham crackers, it's for you. So as you can see, we have developed some sort of pee-like fill on the top of here. I'm assuming that's the oil that is separated from the water but it does not look appetizing guys. Would you like some galop? Yeah. Five, four, three, two, one. We're not bad. I thought this was going to be so much worse. This just goes to show. Look, it still has it. Look, it's on everything people. I'm giving this a take out a little bit of the oil because you can see it on the top. Yeah. I'm giving this a five and a half out of ten. It's had some potential but it's not there yet. I'd say seven. Don't don't say seven. No, no. But I also didn't have to pee to death so I won't know. Yeah, she doesn't know. But if you guys like today's BuzzFeed test, please hit me up with that big thumbs up. It's much appreciated as always. Like always if any of you guys try this, please take pictures and send to me on Twitter because I want to see them. And if you have any more suggestions, leave it down in the comments because I'm running out. Anyways, other than that guys, I hope you have an absolutely awesome rest of your week. I'll see you right back here. Sunday. I'll be back Sunday. I promise this week ready. Hey.