 What's going on everyone? David here and welcome back to this week's video. Now before I get into anything recipe related I have to say thank you. Thank you from the absolute bottom of my heart for a hundred thousand subscribers. To be honest, I borderline broke town in tears the other day when I happened and I broke this whole sappy message on Twitter but something that I've been doing for so long and I've put so much time into I never ever would have thought that it would have gotten to this point. So from the bottom of my heart to every single one of you who have ever favored it or liked or shared with one of your friends with my videos, thank you so much. I was trying to think of really cool and different or exciting things to do for this video and I just couldn't think of something big enough. Although when I do think of something in the future I will do it as soon as I think of it and I promise it'll make up for this. Anyways enough with the sappy stuff let's get on to this week's recipe. I'm beginning to notice a trend in the types of recipes that we do on this channel most often. Last week was our fourth or fifth pizza related recipe and this week's gonna be our fourth or fifth Oreo related recipe. Even though I only came out a couple days ago these cookies and creams puffs have already been suggested a ton to me on Twitter and on YouTube and there's quite a few daunting steps that go along with this recipe but let's get right into it. Alright guys so the majority of this recipe is broken up into two parts and for both of those parts you're gonna need some sugar, some half and cornstarch, flour, water, a ton of eggs, butter and the most important ingredient of all a crap load of Oreos. So step one you have to separate the creams from the cookies in these Oreos into two separate bowls they set about 25 cookies but I just did the whole package. Step two throw your cookies into a blender or food processor and blend that up into a nice fine powder like this and now we're gonna begin making our filling so in a pot you're gonna throw in two egg yolks along with two cups of half and half. Combine that with a quarter cup of sugar and a quarter cup of cornstarch and then whisk that thoroughly all together. Now you're gonna turn that up to medium to high heat until it gets nice and thick like this at which point you're gonna throw in half of your creams and then mix that in until they melt down. Take your mixture off of the heat, throw it into a heat proof bowl and then wrap that up with some plastic wrap. Also you have to make sure the plastic wrap is touching the top of the mixture so it doesn't develop a hard little film layer on top and then throw that in the fridge. Now we can begin making the pegstreet part of this so in a different sauce pan you're gonna combine one cup of water with a whole stick or a half cup of butter. Put it on medium to high heat until it starts boiling then throw in a half cup of flour, a half cup of your crushed Oreos and then mix that up until you get to this very dark motor oil resembling mixture. Either I take that off of the heat and then one by one you're gonna throw in one egg, mix it thoroughly in then another egg until you do all four and again to this paste consistency. The next step requires a piping bag with a large circular tip. Grab yourself a cookie sheet with some wax put I mean some parchment paper and then one by one carefully pipe about one inch rounds onto your cookie sheet. On this sheet I think I got about seven or eight on there and then throw that into your 425 degree oven for about a half hour. 30 minutes later I took the babies out and they're already looking pretty good. They blew up a lot and they're holding their shape. Now what I have to do is grab your knife and carefully poke a hole in the top of each one of these, grab your cream filling out of the fridge, throw that in a different piping bag and then carefully pipe into each one. These things are pretty hollow so it's easy to pipe a lot into but do not overfill them. Once that step is completed pull those up to the side grab your creams from earlier and then melt those down in the microwave. Dip about the top third of each pastry into your melted creams and then sprinkle some of your Oreo dust that is left over on the top of all of them. My freaking lord these things are looking bang! Someone emailed Carlos Bakery and tell him the start selling these things. Now before I taste these I just have to say that as far as appearance these things might be in the top two or three recipes I've ever done. These things look like they came straight out of one of those really expensive Italian bakeries in the city. See if it tastes as good as it looks. Yo. 10 out of 10. No questions whatsoever. The film filling is amazing. It's not too sweet. I thought it was going to be too much but it's perfectly light. The outside is crispy and airy and oh my god and then the top is just covered with straight up Oreo cream and crumble so absolutely undoubtedly 10 out of 10. 100% try this at home if you got a couple hours to spare. Holy s**t. Hope you guys enjoyed this extremely successful recipe this week. If you did hit me with that big thumbs up let's try to shoot for 7,000 in four days. Again I have to thank every single one of you for subscribing to this channel and continuing to watch every single week. It means more than to me than you guys can ever imagine. And if you have recipes that you want me to try that I haven't done on the show let me know down in the comments. Other than that haven't absolutely awesome week. Hopefully I'll be back here next Sunday for another DIY video. Peace! And literally as I'm ending this video look what my adorable thoughtful little mother has bought for me today. Everyone take a cute little family screenshot of this. Thanks for the fault from this mom. You're welcome. When did you get it? Today lunch. I have lunch break today. Did the people in the store think you were weird? No they didn't think I was weird. Don't drop it. I would. Chocolate to cookie for dessert. Thank you for my boy. Thanks mom. You're the best. No problem.