 Guys, this is your very last call. You have two more days to get the red and green flannel shirts from my smurch store. Once the clock hits January 1st, 2018, they will be gone forever. But what is going on my peeps? Welcome back to a brand new video. A kind of bittersweet video to be honest with you. I'm gonna be taking a break in January. I'll come back in three to four weeks. I'm just gonna take some time, recharge the batteries, get rid of all the Christmas decorations behind me. And play out some pretty awesome stuff when you guys get back. So look out for that. But today, we have something that I don't know that I've been avoiding it. I'm definitely very nervous to try it out. It's the croke and boosh. Half of you just cringed at my pronunciation of that. But it has been requested hundreds if not a thousand times on my past three or four videos. Typically when something gets requested this much, it entails some type of torture for me, hence the chocolate ball, the raindrop cake, and so on. So I don't know that I'm looking forward to this one, but let's get right into it. So guys, if you watched Tasty's video, you'd know that there's three main parts that comprise this dessert. The first one being custard. And for that, I grabbed some milk and vanilla bean, cornstarch and sugar, some butter, and full disclaimer. This video is going to use by far the most eggs I've ever used ever. But you're first gonna want to heat up six cups of your milk along with two real vanilla beans. And of course, I only had one on me, so I ditchy and use a little bit of vanilla extract. Hopefully this won't alter the flavor too much, but I brought it to a boil and set it aside for about 15 minutes. In the meantime, we are going to take 18, yes, 1-8 egg yolks and combine it with sugar. This probably took me 15 minutes alone. And the challenge I set out for myself was to not break a single yolk and as you can see, somehow I did it. Once I had 18 full egg yolks, I threw in the sugar and then mixed those two together with a hand mixer. Once I had mine looking kind of similar to Tasty's, I added in three quarters of a cup of cornstarch and sifted that out. And then once you've removed the vanilla beans from your milk mixture, adding a little bit just to temper the eggs and mix that together. And you can eventually add this entire mixture back into the original pan that you had your milk in. For the next 12 minutes, I had the forearm workout of a lifetime. I had to mix this nonstop over medium heat until it came to a boil again, and then eventually thickened up like a custard should. And I was happy to see that this was looking really good, so I finished it off with a few tablespoons of butter and let it melt in the mixture. Poured that whole thing in a giant bowl, covered it with some plastic wrap, and then left it in the fridge to chill for a few hours. Step number two in this ridiculous dessert is the Patashou Do, which I've made before for some churros and other similar things. For this you just need some sugar and water, a little bit of salt and flour, lots of butter, and again a ton of eggs. Now I gathered together my four core ingredients, which was water, four sticks of butter, a little bit of salt and sugar and over medium heat, allowed it to begin to bubble and for all that butter to melt. Now all that was trying to get to a boil, I started to sift out my flour, which as you can see I got a fancy new flour sifter, so I loaded that up and tried to start using it. If I were to sift four full cups of flour with this thing, I'd be here for maybe three hours. I think that's more for like powdered sugar or decorations or something, so I'm going to go right back to the trusty old sifter, the tiny one that probably takes just as long. But back over to the stove, once the mixture started to boil, I turned the heat off, threw in the flour, mixed that up until everything was thoroughly combined. Now peeps, this has been a very long time coming and I wish I had this two years ago, but I finally got a stand mixer. Thank you mom and dad for this Christmas present, best one I've gotten. I fully feel like current now with this massive thing, but I tried to get this thing assembled and working properly, who cares about the directions honestly. And I just tossed in what now looks like a mashed potato mixture. And one at a time you need to add in 12 eggs to this, if you're keeping tallies at home that is now 30 eggs used in this video. But I'm ecstatic to say how easy this stand mixer made this process. Usually I have a sit in here mixing in between every damn egg. But I think this is my new best friend because this dough came together in no time. I lined some of my cookie sheets with parchment paper, I loaded up a piping bag with a small circular tip with my chudot, and very carefully tried to start piping little tiny cream puffs in the same shape and size that they did in the video. Now they pipe there's relatively small in the video, I was kind of surprised, but in the end they did seem to puff up quite a bit. So I'm not too worried, once I had a bunch of pipes, I used a little bit of water on my finger to flatten down all the tops. Lightly brushed every single one of them with some egg wash and then threw them in a 425 degree oven for 15 minutes and then bring it down to 375 for another 15. Afterwards I pulled them out and these did not rise even a little bit, if anything they seem to have shrunken. The bottoms are still wide open, like I just don't think these are going to be usable. But maybe it was the temperature at the time or something, I loaded up another cookie tray with the same egg wash, piped them the same size, popped it in the oven, made sure to not open the door, made sure to have the temperature very precise, I used a thermometer, and still they didn't work at all. Now to be honest, right here I was kind of baffled because there was no way I was going to go back and use another 12 eggs to remake this dough. I didn't really know what to do, I think the only way I'm going to get this to work is if I pipe an absolute ton of my dough on the cookie sheet pretty much in the size that I want them to end up as. This feels like one of those videos that just slowly falls off the cliff and eventually ends in catastrophe, but I'm going to try it. So I put them in the same temperature oven for the same amount of time and just like I expected they came out the same size that I piped them. So I let those cool and very reluctantly moved on to step number 3 which is the caramel topping, which does have the least amount of ingredients, just some sugar, some water, heavy cream and light corn syrup. This is pretty straightforward if you've ever made a caramel before, you combine your water, sugar and two tablespoons of the corn syrup in a small saucepan and the recipe they basically let it come up to a boil and cover it with a lid for about 5 minutes. Then stick a candy thermometer in there and let it slowly come up to 300 degrees, which is supposedly supposed to look a nice dark amber color like theirs does and mine does not. I did throw in some heavy cream to see just how it would come out and needless to say it's very runny. As exhausted and tempted as I was to just use this and call it a day, I'm going to try the caramel one more time just because it's easy. I think what might have happened is I let it hit 300 degrees a bit too quick, it didn't have enough time to develop that dark color. So when I took the lid off, I lowered the heat a lot and allowed it to cook for a while while slowly rising in temperature. And it got up to about 320 and still pretty much looked the same. And what you see is what we're going to have on our cream puffs. Now that my hockey pucks, I mean, cream puffs have cooled completely, I threw some of the custard in that same piping bag and carefully filled each one of them up of course after skewering a hole in the bottom. And these actually filled up pretty nicely considering how much dough I had to use to get them to be this big. And that's pretty much the last step we have to do before assembling our tower. So I grabbed all of my filled pastries, my caramel and the plate and one by one dipped my puffs into the caramel and tried to stack them up. I want to say I ended up doing about five or six layers of this. It does look pretty symmetrical if you ask me. It is funny from this angle seeing how squished some of the ones in the middle are compared to tasties of course. And let's just say when I finished up this did not look anything like theirs. I would really love to know what percentage of you out there are just laughing hysterically at this. I don't even know anymore guys, there's really nothing I could do here. I've been at this for about eight hours and let's just try it out. Although this is very ugly and looks like it was made by a third grader. I do think it probably came out better than some you thought I would get. I definitely was hopeless in the wrapping of the caramel around the outside. How do I even attack this? They look like glazed doughnuts. Shockingly? This is not bad. I kind of thought it would be disgusting and that caramel would be really nasty but it's actually good. I do think my favorite part is the middle that custard is bomb. I have a lot of that leftover too so I'll probably just be eating table spoons of it later. But I don't know guys this is definitely not even close to being authentic or correct but it tastes good to me. But I hope you guys enjoyed this week's BuzzFeed Test Scipia Day. It'll leave me a big like. I'll probably get a bunch of dislikes on this one just because how it came out. That's life. I just want to quickly thank you guys for really an amazing year. If you remember I did take a break at the beginning of this year and it's going to be similar. Not as long. I'll be back at the end of January or so. But let me know what you want to see me do. If you want to see me do anything besides BuzzFeed Test, of course DIYs and stuff like that. Let me know. But have a awesome couple of weeks without me. Have a happy new year and I will see you right back here for season three of the BuzzFeed Test. Until next time. Peace! Bye!