 The tales of the Chicago style versus New York style pizza has gone on for generations. Some individuals dare to argue that Chicago style is more hearty, more cheesy, and satisfying. But for the rest of us normal people out there, we choose New York pizza. But what's going on guys? Welcome back to this week's recipe. Now, as I said before, there's a possibility that this video might get a little tense, especially down there in the comments. You guys have been suggesting that I do this recipe forever. Tasty's version of Chicago style deep dish pizza. Now, admittedly, I have been avoiding it just because I'm a native New Yorker. My allegiance is with New York style pizza. That's what I grew up on. That's what I love the most. And I'm a little afraid as to how much I'm going to like Chicago pizza because there's nothing to not like about it. I mean, look at that thing. But I'm going to try to man up today and be unbiased and try this as just any other recipe that I have in the past. So let's get right into it. Now, I'm sure a bunch of you out there are going to be happy to hear that this name's going to be genuine. Everything is made from scratch, even down to the pizza dough and the sausage, which obviously is going to require quite a few ingredients. Start with some flour and salt, some oregano and cornmeal, sugar, some warm water, mozzarella cheese, an onion, crushed or diced tomatoes, butter, fresh garlic, red pepper flakes, and active dry yeast. Eventually, we're also going to make some homemade Italian sausage with this ground pork, but that's for a little bit later. And because it takes the longest time, we're going to be starting with this homemade dough. Start with one and a quarter cup of warm water, two and a quarter teaspoons of your yeast, two teaspoons of your white sugar, and then mix that in until everything dissolves. Now, while you're letting that sit for a minute to form some bubbles, in a different bowl, I started with three and a quarter cups of sifted flour, 3-4 cups of cornmeal and 2 teaspoons of salt. Add in the yeast mixture into your flour bowl and top the whole thing off with 2 tablespoons of melted butter. Now this is the messy part. You have to mix those all in until it forms a mass of dough, then flip it out on your counter and knead the absolute heck out of it. Just until you thoroughly incorporate everything, I actually ended up adding a couple tablespoons of water as well just because it seemed a little bit too dry. And although it does look good, it's very, very hard and heavy. I'm hoping this rises a ton, so we will see. Just toss that into a new clean bowl along with some olive oil, and then cover that with a towel and let it sit for at least an hour. And now we do have a ton of prep work to do in order to make our homemade pizza sauce, so let's get started. I begin with an entire white onion by cutting it in half and dicing it as evenly as I could get it. Again, let's all send our prayers to my friend's mom for this nice new knife that's actually cutting things properly. Then just grab two cloves of garlic and again mince that as finely as you can get it. I ran my knife back and forth a couple times at the end and that's looking pretty good. I then just quickly shredded up a block of the mozzarella cheese and now we can begin to work on our homemade Italian sausage. Starting with a little less than a pound of your ground pork, I threw in a ton of spices, salt, pepper, oregano, Italian seasoning, parsley, some thyme, a little bit of red pepper flakes, some garlic powder, some onion powder, all the good stuff, gave that a thorough mix, and this is where I'm at a little bit of a crossroads. By the looks of Tasty's video, they just slapped down a bunch of raw pork sausage in the bottom of their pizza, and I don't know how comfortable I am with this because it's only gonna be baking for like 20 minutes or so. So what I did is quickly grabbed a pan with some olive oil and just gave those a little bit of a brown around the outside to just make sure there's gonna end up being cooked. If anything the browning on the pork will end up giving it a little more flavor and texture in your pizza, that's the hope anyway. And once I strained all those out into a separate bowl with some paper towels, we can begin working on our homemade tomato sauce. Step one, melt down two tablespoons of butter and then add in your onion. This does seem like a ton of onion right now, hoping it's gonna cook down a lot and then not overpower the sauce. But once I gave the onion a minute to cook down and become translucent, I added in a teaspoon of salt, a teaspoon of the red pepper flakes, a teaspoon of oregano, mix those in again and allowed it to cook off for another 10 minutes to let those flavors intensify and then finish it off with the two cloves of minced garlic and one teaspoon of sugar. Oh, and I almost forgot an entire can of your crushed tomatoes. That's kind of important for a pizza sauce. Reduce this mixture to a simmer every few minutes coming back and mixing it just to make sure nothing burns on the bottom. That's looking pretty good for now, so I set it off to the side and now we are on to the part that I am most nervous about by far, the pizzo. It definitely rose. Don't get me wrong. I don't know if it rose enough. I'm praying. It's not gonna be super tough. So once I cut the mound in half and began to roll it out with the rolling pin and some flour, I have to down a little bit of flour in the pan and then add it in the dough. Now once I cleaned up those edges of the dough and then pressed them firmly against the sides, we can begin to load this baby up. Layer number one is a ton of shredded mozzarella you really do not have to hold back here as much as you want. Layer number two is our pre-cooked Italian sausage, which we will see if that was a good idea or not. And layer number three is our homemade marinara sauce. This thing is already smelling and looking amazing. Before I picked this thing up and started devouring it, I threw it into the oven quick 425 degrees for 20 minutes. Holy crudge this looks amazing. I top this baby off with some grated parmesan cheese. I tried to cut it even though it was still super hot and I should have probably let it cool first. But oh my god, I need to eat this. So let's give it a try. I'm very happy. I know I'm gonna like this. It's more of a question of how good all the homemade recipes and stuff came out. My mouth is about to start water falling because I'm salivating so much. It's really good. Crap! I'm always amazed when something like this has so much liquid on the top and the dough still doesn't get soggy and comes out cooked really well. Don't want to admit how much I like this. It's freaking delicious as I've said. But all you Chicagoans out there don't get your hopes up. Not only is New York style pizza still better, but I'm willing to go as far as saying that this isn't even pizza. It's delicious. It's great. But it's like more a pie with just pizza toppings involved. I'm sure I just triggered hundreds of you and I'll be hearing from you in the comments. I'm still gonna give it a 10 though, but Newer style pizza is better. I hope you guys enjoyed this week's video. If you did, let me get a like. Can we hit 5,000? I don't think we've hit that in like weeks. So let's try to hit it on this one. I promise, promise, promise. The next two weeks, I'm gonna be posting at least two times each week. I already have like five videos filmed. I just have to edit them and get them up. I'm way ahead. I'm really happy with where I'm at right now. So the next few weeks are gonna be looking good. If you do not already, follow me on Twitter, follow me on Instagram. By the way, I always post a ton of spoilers and videos as I'm filming them over on my Instagram and my story over there. So if you're not following me, I recommend you do it. Leave me your suggestions down in the comments for my next recipe and other than that, I have an absolutely awesome recipe. I promise I will see you back here Sunday.