 What is going on my peeps? Welcome back to this week's almost Easter edition of a BuzzFeed test. I found my most Eastery flannel I could. I might have worn this last year for Easter too if I'm not mistaken. And what says Easter more than eating large chunks of raw cookie dough? Now although I haven't enjoyed my fair share of cookie dough in the past, I have been a tad grossed out seeing the videos of people just like taking big chumps out of these ice cream cones full. Of cookie dough. I don't know it's just something like it doesn't click in my head. But I'm going to do my best to try to go into this one with an unbiased opinion. I'm going to follow the recipe every step of the way. So let's see how it comes out. First things first we have to make the cookie base of this recipe that's going to go into all of our different types. And that is consisting of some flour, brown sugar, two sticks of butter, milk, vanilla and salt, pretty basic stuff. I began by taking two cups of my flour and spreading it across this cookie sheet with some very questionable stains on it. Don't ask me what those are from. And baking that off quickly in a 350 degree oven for about five minutes. Apparently this is to kill the bacteria in the flour. Does this really work? Beats me. But I did it anyway and after that I threw it into a bowl, added in a cup of my brown sugar, two sticks of the softened butter, a teaspoon of salt, a teaspoon of vanilla, two tablespoons of milk and then mixed that all in, eventually going in with my hands. Because when you're making cookie dough, you got to get dirty, you know what I'm saying? Just be sure to wash your hands while doing this method. I'm talking to you how to basic. And once you've got that all mixed up, flatten it out in the bottom of your bowl and throw it into the refrigerator for about 30 minutes. Now once your block of butter flour has solidified in the fridge, you want to take it back out and divide it into four equal segments. For the first one, I just threw in a quarter cup of normal sized chocolate chips along with a quarter cup of the miniature chocolate chips. Mix those in the best that I could and then just threw those over on my plate. This is the first flavor, obviously just chocolate chip. The next one's going to be pretty similar. I grabbed my second mass of dough, crushed up four Oreos in a plastic bag with the ice cream out of the crushed up Oreos back into the dough, kneaded that in as well. This is pretty basic stuff here guys. That is our second flavor done, our Oreo flavored cookie dough. Now for very obvious reasons, I cannot do the third flavor that they did because it's got peanut candies and peanut butter. If you didn't know, I'm highly allergic and we'll pass out if I try to eat it. Much like freely, probably would after eating a chicken nugget. So I skipped that third flavor and moved on to the fourth one that they made. That contains a quarter cup of melted chocolate along with another quarter cup of regular chocolate chips, some more white chocolate chips. To me, this one kind of looks the least edible out of all three so far. Regardless, I played it those up next to the other ones and then for our very last flavor, I tried to do a little play on cookie dough and found this cookie crisp cereal. I crushed it up like I did with the Oreos, mixed that in and I'm hoping that this one will have a little bit of a crunch, but we will see which one I like the best. Now some of these do look really good, but I'm gonna go out on a limb and say that they're gonna taste pretty similar in general, just because they all use that same dough base. Well, I can't eat that piece now. Two all the kids out there who have ever eaten handfuls of cookie dough and ended up with salmonella. I don't know what the rate of that is, but I'm sure it's happened before. I was gonna say that tastes exactly like a store bought cookie dough wood, but there's a slightly strange aftertaste like the cookie flavor kind of fades a bit and it goes like a little chalky or something. I guess we can move on to the next one now. I was also very tempted to try to cook one of these and just to see like how it would come out out of the oven, but that's for another day. The Oreos or cookies in cream flavor as Tasty calls it. Most definitely better than the last one without a doubt. I think some of the Oreos got crushed so finely in the bag that it kind of really mixed in with the dough and changed its flavor more than I was expecting. So that one's not too bad. And now for the inedible looking one. It's still like such a weird concept for me to grasp that I'm just sitting here like casually spooning cookie dough into my mouth like raw. That was not too bad either. This might be a trend I could hop on at some point. I was definitely a skeptic at first. Not gonna lie. This last one I made with the cereal, the crunch is good, but it just kind of tastes like a blender version of the first one so definitely without a doubt the winner is the Oreos. Oh I feel like I just inhaled a stick of straight butter or something. It'll be interesting to see how this one sits in the stomach in a couple hours. But I hope you guys enjoyed this week's video. If you did smash a like on it for me. I did say last week that I had it the IY coming up and I do but it's taken me a lot longer than I thought it would. That should be out either Saturday, Sunday, somewhere in the weekend. Other than that though, I hope you have an absolutely awesome rest of your week. I'll see you then or next Thursday. You guys know me by now. Never take my video promises that seriously. But I will see you then. Peace! I could only imagine like someone's face as they were to walk in this room and see me just like shoveling raw dough in my mouth. I'm not complaining.