 Now before we get into the video today guys a quick reminder that you only have two more weeks to buy your red and green plaid holiday David C. Moore t-shirts. They're online. You could see them on the website right there They got the patented DS and they're only available December of this year after that. It'll be gone forever But what is going on my peeps and welcome back to a brand new BuzzFeed test this video is brand new These recipes that I'm doing and I could not wait another week to get right into them It's the fast food recipes. You can try it home They do some olive garden breadsticks some burger King chicken fries and of course the big Mac We're gonna be doing two of the recipes from the video today. So let's get right into it So guys today we're gonna start out with this delicious looking homemade big Mac or as tasty calls it the triple Decker burger something nonsense. I grabbed some sesame seed buns and ground beef some lettuce onion disgusting processed plastic American cheese and pickles and I basically just started by prepping everything and saving the hamburger meat for last I told set up the buns really quick of course with these you need two bottoms and a top and for the middle one I tried to slice off the brown part on the bottom and it kind of works So we should be good to go with that. I'm also gonna quickly whip up the sauce Which this can only be a big Mac if it has a big Mac sauce and that has a ton of mayonnaise and a ton of other strange Ingredients some vinegar some chopped up pickles and yellow mustard. It's it's a strange concoction kind of similar to the Shake Shack sauce But if it tastes anything like McDonald's I will be very happy and now believe it or not We can hop right into cooking the burger so I take a bunch of my chop meat and unlike the other burger recipes I've done we're not gonna smash this on the pan We're gonna thin them out prior to any type of cooking and then with a little bit of olive oil I threw them down onto my pan and very quickly I Realized that these things were gonna be some meatballs. I never knew what it is with chop meat that makes it shrink up So crazy I can never get that real thing even patty that all the burger places out there have so I looked up How to prevent this from happening? Number one, I'm gonna make the patties really thin in the middle so when they shrink up It won't bow out so much it'll kind of compensate and number two I'm not gonna have my heat so high I'm gonna lower the heat It's gonna take a little longer to cook But hopefully they won't ball up like the last ones did and After a little salt and pepper about two minutes on each side I'm kind of happy with these I just threw some cheese on these bad boys let that melt for another minute and those are pretty much good to go So the very last thing we have to do I cut up some of my white onion in a nice fine dice Now is the part where once again all of the professional chefs and culinary students can make fun of my knife skills Don't worry. I'm expecting it. I have learned though Once you wash off your lettuce if you roll it up really tightly and kind of Cut it really thin and then one down the middle he gets some nice lettuce shreds Apparently after making 102 cooking videos. I've learned how to cut shredded lettuce Nonetheless, I assembled my burger first with the bun and then some onion and lettuce some of that sauce The first cheeseburger patty another bun and pretty much do the same thing with some pickles this time Top it all off with the sesame seed bun. This is definitely a taller version, but it looks just as delicious. So let's give it a taste Am I the only one out there who kind of like evaluates every side of the burger to see where the first bite should be? I don't honestly know if I'm gonna be able to bite through this monstrosity. Oh my god No, this is not gonna be good for my health because I'm eating this whole thing I was very doubtful That the sauce would taste anything like McDonald's, but it does actually. I'm surprised I can feel my arteries clogging as we speak. I'm gonna stop Continue with the video. I'll get back to this Next up we're doing the chicken fries from Burger King and these are actually probably easier than the burger We just did I basically just took my chicken breasts sliced them up kind of thin and fry shapes I was unsure if some of these strips were gonna come out a little too long or what But I just cut them off the best that I could and set it aside So I can prepare the most infamous cooking method on this show Breading and egging something if you have been a viewer for any sum of time on this channel You would know how often I have to do this and it's very self-explanatory I just got all the extra ingredients in the bread crumbs this time. I'm using my little Football bowl because I thought that it would be helpful with the long chicken Shout-outs to my mom and the dishwasher for all the chips of Ball missing around the edges. I also had a touch of milk in the eggs and from here on out I don't have to explain what to do I threw them all on to a parchment paper lined cookie sheet and put them into a 375 degree oven for about 18 to 20 minutes I flipped them halfway through and these are looking beautiful So let me just load them up in the best cup in my house All my fellow Yankee fans out there shout-outs to you We just got staying so basically the next five world series should be ours I can't wait to see all the Orioles raise and Red Sox fans in the comments after that one But I don't care. I think I probably got some type of food in this cup at the stadium actually but Let's give these a try they smell amazing. They smell like really good like Chicken parm or something. I don't know. Let's try. I would say that they don't look like burger kings though That the burger looks like McDonald's Big Mac these don't really resemble burger kings These are good they kind of taste like how you would imagine they would They'd be a lot better fives on the diplomand ketchup or barbecue sauce or something I would definitely make these again But as for the competition between these and the Big Mac these don't stand a chance But I hope you guys enjoyed today's BuzzFeed test if you did slap a like on this one a reminder the merch is only up for two more weeks The red and green one anyway Since left my PO box follow me on Twitter Instagram So I have anything else to plug shamelessly. I don't think so let me know what you want to see me do for the remainder of this month I got a few peppermint Videos coming your way so look out for those but other than that Have an awesome weekend and I'll see you right back here next time You