 So it is 12.26am at the current moment. I've had quite a few adult beverages tonight, and I'm ready to film this video. But what is going on guys, welcome back to this week's brand new BuzzFeed Test. Now let's take a moment to look back at all the trends in some of the pop culture stuff that we've had so far this year. You have some very questionable politicians, and you have the resurgence of the great legend Harambe, you have some atrocious rap videos, bro, and you have... I don't know what it is with these things. I'll never understand them. I don't understand why they become such a popular thing, especially I hear in schools all the time that it's so bad that schools have to actually ban them. I don't know, like what is it? Someone, maybe you guys can explain to me in the comments what the obsession is with these things. And by the way, before you go down to make a rude comment, this is most definitely not mine. I cannot spend my own money on this. This is my brother, so... But anyways, I have been getting request after request to do Tasty's brand new video fidget spinner cookies. The second I saw this come out, I knew I was going to end up doing it at some point. Maybe not so soon. But here we are. What greater times than the present. Let's get right into it. I would also like to quickly stress that I think there's a zero percent chance of these actually working as well as they didn't taste these video. I just, I don't see it happening, but I will remain optimistic. Now as for the base of this recipe, it's really just a simple sugar cookie mix. All you really need is some flour, some salt, vanilla extract, a few sticks of butter, some granulated sugar, and sorry, I just, I threw up in my mouth a little bit. Some cream cheese. We're going to begin by sifting two and a half cups of flour. Throwing on top of that three quarters of a cup of the white sugar, and then a half teaspoon of some salt. Give that a little bit of a mix, and then add one cup, or the two sticks of room temperature softened butter. Within three strokes of me trying to mix this butter in, I already got flour all over the place, so I just went in with my hand. And then just finished it off with two teaspoons of the vanilla, and two tablespoons of this devil cream. To be honest at first, I almost skipped over this recipe because of the most repulsive inhumane ingredient made in mankind. But the last time I skipped the recipe with that involved, you guys got a little frustrated, so I'm doing it just for you. Also, I don't think two tablespoons is enough to overpower the whole thing and make it taste like cream cheese, so let's just pray. Now once I got that all kneaded out and combined into a bowl, I just threw some plastic wrap over that and threw it into the fridge for about 30 minutes. In the meantime, we're going to begin to work on our royal icing to basically glue all the pieces together. And this recipe is even more simple than the cookie dough. I added three cups of powdered sugar, along with a quarter teaspoon of cream of tartar. I still don't know what this ingredient is, but I've used it multiple times, so I probably should know by now. Set that to the side for one minute while I grabbed two eggs, separated the yolks from the whites, beat up the whites for a minute, and then added that into the sugar mix. Now I know you're all probably going to say that it's really stupid to use a hand mixer with some egg whites that you just took the time to beat, but you don't really want any air in royal icing. You want it really thick and sticky because we are exclusively using it in this recipe as a glue, so that's probably why. Now once I got to this stage, I separated out three quarters worth of the icing and turned this all blue with some royal blue icing covered. The remaining white icing I'm going to use for the center pieces and then the glue and then the blue I'm going to use for the main cookie. And that is looking pretty good and our 30 minutes is up, so I grabbed the dough out of the fridge. I rolled it out onto my countertop with a rolling pin and started to try to cut some of these shapes out, which to put it lightly, it was not an easy task. I didn't want to shove the dirty fidget spinner in the actual dough. Number one, so the cookie would be the same width throughout. And number two, this thing has been touched by under people. I don't know whose hands have been on this, but I was able to carefully cut out a few shapes out of the dough and then I transferred them over to a cookie sheet that was lined with some parchment paper. Next up, I grabbed a cap from a leftover water bottle and started to stamp out a bunch of circular center pieces that will be the finger holder for these spinners. And finally, I pushed all the dough back together, so it's a little thicker than before, and used a straw to stamp out what is going to be the connector piece going through the actual main part of the cookie. Now once I had all of that ready to go on my cookie sheet, I want to throw it in a 350 degree oven after seven minutes, take out those tiny little connector pieces, and then leave everything else in there for another seven minutes. We have now arrived to this point. We have some finished cooled fidget spinner cookies. We have a royal icing and two different colors. Let's attempt to start assembling this. I first squeezed out some of that blue royal icing across the main part of the cookie not getting in the middle where the hole is. I did a couple different designs for each one just hoping to make them look a little bit decent. And then with the white, I covered all of the center pieces. Obviously, you're going to need two for each cookie, so I made 14 in total. Now after all that has dried, all you have to do now is grab one of the center pieces, attempt to glue one of the little knobs, I don't know what else to call them, onto the center piece in the middle, let that dry, and then try to stick it through the main cookie, which by the way, the hole was not nearly big enough, but I just tried to work with it and then stick another cookie on the other side. The cookies kept falling apart. They didn't want to stay together. If I did get them to stay together, then the icing hardened on the main cookie, so I wouldn't spin. I just did the best I could, and I got a few out of it, so let's give them a try. Now first, I think a comparison is in order. Now this one I tried to like only pipe on the outside, so it looked kind of similar to this. Obviously, it's the same size and dimensions, but like I said, the middle piece is bigger, but here we go. The main reveal, let's see if it actually works. Oh, wait, wait, wait. All right, let's get you a close-up here. I think that's the best angle for you. Tsk, so stupid. All this work. I mean, does it work theoretically? Yes, I can hold the top and bottom and then the middle spins, but like, what's the point? You're just going to eat it, and it like, it doesn't really hold a spin either. I like, okay, so I've spun it like maybe four or five times, and the middle piece just snapped in half. As you can see, but enough bashing for right now, the real question is how do they taste? Because after all, this is food, everyone remember? The icing has an overwhelming resemblance to toothpaste, but that's not tasty as recipe, and the cookie is like kind of flavorless. Actually, you know what? This tastes like, and it makes sense because it's the same ingredients. It tastes like the crust on the cherry pie from Katy Perry's video that I made a few weeks ago. Now, as a pie crust, that was fantastic. It was the same ingredients, pretty much made the same. As a cookie, it's okay. I have a feeling they made this recipe, thinking that it'll be a little bit stronger. I'm just over this trend and this recipe. I guess I'll give it like a six or seven, not all now, guys. Judging on the dislikes on Tasty's original video, too, you guys probably aren't fond of this either. So let's collectively agree to put this one to rest for now. I hope you guys enjoyed this week's video. If you did smash a like on this, you guys have been like killing the likes and the views on the past few videos. Let's try to get 5800 on this one. I keep upping it, expecting to not hit it, and we do anyway. So let's just see. Now, I want to give you guys an update about this Lucky Charms giveaway, as you probably actually can't see, because behind the camera, I still have all the boxes here ready to go. You guys have blown up my Instagram. I never would have imagined it would be this crazy. With comments telling me why you want it, where in the world you live, it's just been really cool to breed through as many as I could. I'm gonna pick them on a live stream on Instagram. I'm not sure the exact day yet. I'll probably tweet it out at some point. But look out for that, because I want to make sure you all know it's random. I'm just gonna pick a few. I'm not gonna read it or anything ahead of time. I'm just gonna scroll through and pick a bunch of you. So look out for that coming up. Other than that, I hope you have an awesome rest of your week, and I'll see you