 In honor of the new year, I will be wearing these until the end of the video. Or until they annoy me too much and I have to take them off. What's going on everyone, my name's David. Welcome back to this week's Buzzfeed Test and Happy New Year's Eve. As you can see, I attempted to be somewhat festive for two weeks on a row, which is kind of a record for me. Anyway, for as long as I can remember since I started posting these videos, I've seen requests to do the recipes with flaming hot cheetos. Do I eat these on a normal basis? Absolutely not. But I am looking forward to one out of the two recipes you'll see which one that is. Anyways, let's get right to it. Alright guys, the first recipe that we're going to try out today are these hot Cheetos mozzarella sticks. Some ingredients you're going to need are obviously some flaming hot Cheetos, some panko bread crumbs, mozzarella cheese, eggs, and some oil to fry. First, and foremost, throw a few handfuls of Cheetos into your blender or your food processor and finally ground them all up. Now take them out, measure out a cup of them, and mix that with an even cup of panko bread crumbs. I'm sure you can make a little bit more or less than this mixture, just make sure that there are even parts. Now crack one and two eggs and whip them up. Now we're going to put both of those bowls to the side. Now even though Buzzfeed used the pre-made Cheetos sticks in their recipe, I really prefer the blocks. So I'm going to start with about a half of that. I got six in total out of half of a block, and now it's time to assemble these. So first, dip them in your egg roll that around, get a nice coating, then into your breadcrumb mixture, and even though the recipe doesn't call for it, I could not help myself but to coat them again. This allows you to get a much better coating around all of the sides. And you're going to repeat that for the other sticks. If you need a little bit more egg or a little mixture, just crack another egg. It's pretty self-explanatory. Until you got all them looking pretty good. Now throw enough oil to cover the bottom of your pan and put that on medium heat, and let these cook for a couple minutes on both sides. Usually a rule of thumb when you're cooking lots of realistic sticks like this is a couple minutes on both sides or until you see the cheese start bursting out of the coating. Obviously that depends on how hot your oil is, but just keep a close eye on it. Once these began to brown, I took them all out, and these are actually looking really good. Pretty close to Buzzfeed's, I'd say. Now let's give them a try. Alright, so they're looking pretty good and red. Not fall worthy, but good. The panco gives it a really, really good crunch, which I don't think it would have with just cheetos, but it's not hot, like at all. Maybe it lost its flavor a little bit in the oil, but it's really not spicy at all. If any of you guys saw a couple weeks back when I made the ramen recipes, I did pretty much the same thing except with crushed-up ramen. That was good. I'd say this one's better though. Kind of a bummer that they're not spicy though, so 7.5 out of 10, let's move on. The second recipe we're going to be trying today are hot cheetos marshmallow treats. I have some serious doubts about this one. We'll grab some hot cheetos, some marshmallows, and some butter. Start by melting down three tablespoons of butter in your pan, and then throw in a 10-ounce bag of mini marshmallows. You're going to keep that over low to medium heat, and keep stirring continuously until it all melts down. While it's melting down, take your bag of cheetos and hand-crush them up. This part doesn't have to be perfect, and finish the whole thing off by throwing your cheetos in your mixture. This is already looking super un-appetizing. I mixed it all up and grabbed myself a baking tray or pie dish, mixed to your spray with cooking spray, or else it'll stick to the pan like no other, and I set that aside to cool for a couple minutes. So the second goes that before anything else you eat with your eyes, and this is not exactly something visually appealing to me. Just kind of reminds me of like a pregnant woman's 3am concoction. But wouldn't be a video if I didn't try it for you, so let's do it. Now it's not all the way cooled yet, but we're just going to go with it. Nope. Oh holy moly boss feed, what have you done? I tried to just eat it like a normal race crispy, and the second I put it in my mouth at the gag going, it just wasn't a pleasant experience. If you really, really, really love hot cheetos, give it a try, but other than that, don't eat the oyster tonic. That is horrible. I'm trying to compare it to all the other recipes I've done to see if it's the worst, and it just might be. Most of the other stuff that taped it bad was still edible. This, I can never imagine myself actually swallowing a piece. I'm sorry, you've made it before, and you really like it, but zero out of ten. No, I just realized I forgot my glasses. The whole time I was cooking, I didn't have them on. What a shame. If you like today's boss feed test, please smash that thumbs up for me. I honestly don't even know what to ask for anymore, because it's a different crazy number every week, so just like it for me. Super, super important, even though you probably can take a seriously with these. Either this week or next week I want to do a Q&A video, mainly because some of you guys have been asking me to do it, I'm super pumped for that. As always, if you have any more recipes that you want me to try and leave them down in the comments along with your questions, thank you all so much for making it to the end of the video, and I'll see you in 2016. Peace!