 This video is brought to you by Squarespace. From websites and online stores to marketing tools and analytics, Squarespace is the all-in-one platform to build a beautiful online presence and run your business. Honestly, I only had this sweatshirt on because it's cold right now and I was going to take it off before filming, but it's kind of a look, right? It's not too bad. But what's going on guys? Welcome back to another brand new BuzzFeed test. I'm really trying to turn these babies out ever since I missed six weeks worth of videos. As promised last week, because the fluffy pancakes won the Instagram poll. I'm making them this week. I've put them off for a couple days. And if you've been a viewer who's been around for any amount of time, you might know that pancakes are near and dear to this channel. I've done the best pancakes you'll ever eat. I've done the chocolate fudge pancakes, the fluffy peppermint pancakes, but never these colossally thick, fluffy, Japanese pancakes. Now this recipe has been around for a while. It came up again recently because Tasty's Eating Your Feed series has tried to recreate it. After many failed attempts, he did successfully get a few good-looking ones. And as always, half of me thinks it's just a pancake. How hard can it possibly be? The other half of me knows this is not going to be easy. I might be here all day. So let's get right into it. Now as you might have guessed, there are not many ingredients involved in this whatsoever. It's just a few eggs and sugar, milk, and pancake mix. That is it. Also of course some butter and syrup if you want to top it off at the end, but that's up to you. So I started with the batter and that's pretty much where your four ingredients are going to come into play. I do find it interesting they're using pancake mix here instead of just a combination of flour and some leaveners. If you want the exact measurements by the way, the Tasty videos in the description. Also I do not have a hand mixer at this new studio yet, so I'm hoping that the whiskey attachment on my stand mixer is going to work. I've never tried this before, but I threw four egg whites down in there and a few minutes of beating later. This looks pretty good. Let's just say I will probably never be trying to beat egg whites by hand again. All you've got to do now is very gently fold in your egg whites. I did half of my egg whites at a time. I only folded it maybe six or seven times to try to incorporate everything without knocking too much air out of this of course. And I don't want to say it, but I think we're ready to cook these up. The most important part of this whole video are the three inch ring molds. I had to order these online of course and I greased them very generously with some vegetable oil before dumping in some of my batter. I'm not entirely sure how much to use, so for this first one, I'm only going to fill it up about halfway. I'm also only doing one at a time. I think that'll be hard enough. I'm not doing two. I'm sorry. And in years past you might have thought that I'm going to fail miserably in this first one, but not anymore. I'm going to work hard and I'm going to flip it very carefully. And yeah, not only is the bottom burned, but the top was super loose and flew everywhere. So there you go. Attempt number one, directly into the garbage pile. I would like to preface this next attempt by saying, I think even the lowest heat setting on this gas stove is still too high if I leave it on. I think I'm going to have to flick the heat on and off from the very lowest setting to off completely for a minute. And I left it for 10 minutes, just like the video says. I also don't think I used enough batter in the last one, so I added a little bit more on this one. And I wasn't able to flip this. I only lost a little bit of the batter in the process. And a couple minutes later, I took it off the heat. I let it cool down. And we are a lot closer, but clearly I didn't let it cook long enough. It's very raw in the middle. And it's looking like I only have enough batter for one more attempt. All I'm asking for is just one perfect one. Like, is that so hard? For a 10 number three, I went very heavy on the grease around the mold and on the pen. I flickered the heat on and off for 12 minutes on each side, honestly. Neither side looks too brown, which is promising. And a couple minutes of cooling later, I was able to scrape this baby out. I am beyond thrilled that this third one came out. It was the end of my batter. It's super jiggly and it's smelling delicious. So let's give it a try. Maybe this will be my new look, you know? Instead of just a flannel, the hoodie that matches the yellow underneath. Also, I'm using this deliciously artificial syrup once again. I do not want to hear your rude comments about it. It tastes good to me. Honestly, I was fully preparing myself to have to whip up another batch of the batter. I did not think this was going to come out so well, but I'm not complaining. This is delicious and I'm going to eat the whole thing. If you guys remember, my main complaint with the jiggly Japanese cheesecake was that it was very eggy. It kind of just tasted like a big fluffy omelet. This one, you would be surprised as much egg as there is in there. It's still just normal pancake flavor. Even as jiggly as it is, it's still cooked all the way through. I love when something doesn't take me six hours. I see nothing wrong with this. Besides the 45 minutes, it took me to make it. I would eat every morning, 9 out of 10. Before we wrap this one up today, guys, I do want to tell you more about my friends over at Squarespace. Squarespace is a dynamic, all-in-one platform where you can claim a domain, build a website, sell online, and market your brand easier than ever before. And with Squarespace's award-winning templates, creating a professional website is super simple, even without prior experience. To get started with your own business and your own beautifully crafted website, go to squarespace.com for a free trial. And when you're writing at a launch, go to squarespace.com slash David Seymour to save 10% off your first purchase of a domain or website. I do hope you guys enjoyed today's video though. If you did, leave a big like on this one, follow me over on Twitter and on Instagram. Thank you again to Squarespace for sponsoring this week's video. Have an awesome ending to your week and I will see you right back here Sunday for another one. Peace!