 What's going on everybody? My name is David and welcome back to BuzzFeed Test number 6, I think. Before we get started this week guys, holy moly. Since I posted my last video I've got a ton of new viewers and positive comments. I just want to let you guys know how much all those mean to me. I read every single one, I try to answer back as quickly as possible. And they're definitely keeping me on my damn game. Anyway guys, let's get into this week's test. A couple weeks back I was suggested to do the deep fried ramen recipes. Once again, I'm in college and as college kids love this cheap stuff. So without further ado, let's do it! Since we're going to do three separate recipes this week we're going to need a whole ton of ramen. Not that much. Alright that's better. Now first we're going to try these corn dogs and for that you're going to need some corn meal, salt, baking powder, one egg, milk, sugar, cooking oil, hot dogs, and flour. So first start by grabbing yourself a bowl. Throw a couple flour, a cup of corn meal, two teaspoons of baking powder, a pinch of salt, a half cup of milk, one egg, and mix that all together thoroughly. Half of it through the mixing process I realized that there is no way in hell that this is going to work as a batter. It was way too thick. I went back and checked all my ingredients and I had them all right so no matter I just added some more milk and kept on mixing. A little more milk, a little more mixing until what I thought was the right consistency. Now before you do anything else you're going to throw some oil in a pot. I ended up using one and a half quarts but as long as it's about an inch from the bottom of the pot you should have enough. While that's heating up you're going to take a pack of ramen and beat it like shark t-shirt. While trying to prevent it from popping and shooting down the cracks in your countertop, dammit, and pour that whole package into a bowl now for debatably the most disgusting thing I've done on this show. Without gagging try to skewer your chopstick through the middle of the hot dog then give that a nice coat in your batter. Stick your ramen to the outside of the batter now. This was looking good until you see that right there. Yep. That's what you call a mess. Maybe my batter was a little bit too runny but this step was absolute hell. Once you get enough as physically possible on there throw that in your oil for about a minute after you cook it evenly up both sides take that out and they look kind of weird and very unappetizing and then I'd rather decide to chime in with his thoughts. It looks like somebody took a wrap. Maybe the legs off. I put it on a stick. Then fried it on a fire. I really do that in China. I certainly do not have high hopes for this one. Kind of resembles a crusty turd with a hint of corn in there. No. Maybe some ketchup will fix it. It's just not good. Moving on. All right let's just get onto the next one for this. You're going to need ramen again more oil, mozzarella cheese, milk, flour, and an egg. First things first cut up your mozzarella cheese into quarter inch sticks and move those right out of the way. Grip some bowls in one bowl thrown in an egg, a little milk, and mix that up. And then in your other bowl throw in a cup of flour. Last thing you're going to need is some more crust ramen. I put the flavoring in there. I'm not sure if you were supposed to though. Either way first dredge the mozzarella in your flour then coat that with your egg and then cover that as best as you can in your ramen. Now you're going to do this entire process once again. Around this time I realized how incredibly tedious this was going to be. Nonetheless I got in that rhythm of flour, then egg, then ramen, and pressed on until I had all of them looking pretty decent. A tip for you guys whenever you're coating anything like this, try to keep one hand as your wet ingredient hand and the other as your dry ingredient. This will hopefully prevent you from making a glove on your hand and keep things a little bit cleaner. Once you've got those all looking decent you're going to throw those all in your oil. I don't know the exact temperature I had these on but you can kind of get a sense if it's too hot when you first put them in there. These took about two minutes I'd say and when I finally got them out these things were looking good. Alright so people just decided to interrupt my shoot so you're going to let them try these. Here you go. Party yummy. Oh I think I'm going to have a bunch of rolls too. They're good. Much better than the last ones. I give 9 out of 10. Moving on. Our last recipe today is going to be for some ramen french fries. All you need is three ingredients, ramen, more oil, and egg which may or may not be a bad thing. Anyway for this one you're going to prepare it ramen like you normally do. You're going to boil it to an authentic and yes this plate is from the year 2000 when I was in preschool and draw a picture of myself. Don't judge. Throw your ramen onto the plate, mix in the flavor and then one egg. This was another one of those gag worthy times so try to hold yourself together. It gets to this gloopy slimey. I don't even know how to describe this texture but anyways when you got it all combined throw it into your foil, press it down flat, and then fold the foil up around it. Now the recipe set to freeze it for 20 minutes. I kept mine in for 45 minutes and it still wasn't frozen so I cut the sticks as best as I could and these took the longest to fry. I kept them in for probably four to five minutes until they look decently brown and held together on their own. Alright mother's here to try this one again. She's just like the Camel. By the way if you want to see me do an entire separate video with her leave a like because I've been trying to get her do it for a while and you know she's been avoiding it eventually. Alright let's try these. I do not have high hopes for this whatsoever. I don't think I like that. At first the taste is not bad. Something like the aftertaste after you like swallow it. It stays with you and it's not good at all. Alright so overall review of all three of these. Montreal Stakes were the only one that was really worth the time and effort for. They were the most labor intensive. Yes but they were worth it. The other two don't waste your time. But if you like today's Buzzfeed Test what should I do? Give a big thumbs up. A big thumbs up would mean a lot. All my social media links will be in the description as always. You guys have to suggest what you want me to do next because I've run out of ideas so if you saw a video that you want me to try leave it down in the comments and I'll do it next week. I'll have the net have been awesome rest of your week. I'll see you back here Sunday. Peace. Peace.