 Well, apparently you guys aren't good at following instructions. A couple days ago on Instagram, I posted this photo with the four options for what you guys wanted to see this week. And I very clearly wrote in the description the comments of mine with the most likes, wins, no extra comments will be counted, only the likes on my comments. Well, to all 462 of you that have commented on this so far, learn how to read. I'm very sorry for the people who had to scroll up 28 pages to get to my original comments, but the geometric pies won with just over 1100 votes. And clearly you only picked this because you think it's going to be the hardest and you guys want to torture me for some reason. I'm going to take on that challenge today. I'm going to try really, really hard to get these right. So if all that being said, let's get right into it. Now guys, much like in the Katy Perry cherry pie video, we're going to make some homemade pie crust and it's pretty straightforward. I started with two cups of flour, some sugar and some salt and gave that a quick whisk. And into my dry ingredients, I cubed up 18, yes, 1-8 tablespoons of butter. This is just over two sticks to like two and a quarter. I was obviously mixing this by hand because the butter is still so cold. It was just easier to do it this way, but I then added in a few tablespoons of cold water. And although the recipe called for six tablespoons, I only had to add three before this ball forms together. And now that my dough is looking good, I wrapped it in some plastic wrap and threw it in the fridge while I made the filling. Now obviously for a blueberry pie, you're going to need a lot of blueberries and I had to buy four cartons in the store, which were $6 a piece. That's going to be $24 for blueberries. This is a very expensive pie. But so those I added some sugar and salt again, along with some tapioca starch and lemon juice. Now the tapioca stuff is very easily found in the gelo aisle. Also don't really know what it is or what it's made out of, but if it's anything like gelatin, I really don't want to know. Now that we got our bowl of blueberries and dandruff prepared, we can hop right back over to the dough. I cut a little bit out of it and rolled out the bottom circle for the pie. At first this was a little bit breaky and hard to work with, but once it comes back down the room temperature a little bit, you can roll it out pretty easily. Plop that into my pie tray along with the blueberry filling. And as you can see, we're a little bit short with the amount of filling that we're going to need, but it should still work the same. And with the remainder of my dough, I had to roll it out even larger and you're supposed to cut this in some thin strips. I don't have a long metal straight edge ruler like this. I just can't find one. So I'm going to try to do this by hand and get these as straight as possible. As you can see, they are coming out a little bit on the thicker side. I'm just hoping I'm going to have enough strips to complete that whole spoke pattern across the top. Once I cut as many as I could, I threw down a little plastic cup in the middle and tried to form the same design that they had in the video. I'm not really too sure how far apart to put the strips or at what angle with the middle of the pie. And it came out looking okay. Definitely not the same as the taste these. Nonetheless, I threw it into a 425 degree oven for 15 minutes and then let it finish at 375 for another 40 minutes. And to me time, I'm going to work on pie number 2, which I'm way more excited about. I whipped up a quick apple pie filling, which is my grandma's famous apple pie recipe. In other words, just throw a bunch of random crap together until it tastes good. Just basically consisting of some salt, lemon juice, brown sugar, regular sugar and cinnamon, you get the point. And when that was complete, I had to whip up a second batch of dough for those you keeping tall at home. This is now almost 5 sticks of butter used in this video. Now this time, before I added any water, I grabbed a handful of the dough out because we're going to die that a different color on the top. But with the rest of it, I added in the water like I normally would and finished kneading it together. And with this other stuff, I want to try to die it red. Then the video, they use some roasted beet roots. I used that a few weeks ago and I don't feel like staining everything in my kitchen again. I'm going to use a cup out, some liquid food coloring, just add a ton of drops of that and a very little bit of water. And after a bit of kneading, you got this nice pinkish red, which should work pretty well. Also side note, it seems as if in their video, after they bake the pie, the red dough on top loses its color anyway. I don't know how that happens or if it was an editing mistake, but just to be safe for using the nice artificial food coloring. And just like before, I rolled out the bottom half of the dough to put on the bottom side of the pie tray. And this time with the rest of the dough, I want to try to get some nice even strips. And like I said, I don't have a ruler. So I went around my house and the closest thing I can find was, yeah, I found this dusty old level in my basement. And tried to clean it off. I'm hoping I'm not going to catch any rusty metal disease from this. Construction meets baking. That's what I'm going to call this segment. Clearly though, I made a good decision because once I was lining up all the strips, this was working pretty dang well, including with the red dough, which by the time I used it was a little bit too warm. Actually, so warm that I didn't even need to cut it. I could just push the level down into the dough and cut it like that. Top 10 weirdest things I've ever done on the show. Maybe it's got to be up there. Either way, I finished cutting my strips tossed in the pie filling into the pie tray, obviously with the bottom dough. And then started to make my almost like a bacon weave on top except with the different colors of dough. I had a lot more of red also. So I did two stripes of red, one of white and alternated that on both directions. Obviously, this process takes a very long time. I left a little space between each strip because I didn't think I was going to have enough. And luckily I was right because I ended up using every ounce of dough that I made. And once it was complete, just like the last pie, I threw it in at a high temperature first with some tin foil on the top this time. And then just turn the temperature down and let it cook another half hour. I was pleasantly surprised to see that both of the designs pretty much stayed intact. I was trying to get some nice even strips. And like I said, I don't have a ruler so I went around my house and the closest thing I can find was, yeah, I found this dusty old level in my basement. And tried to clean it off. I'm hoping I'm not going to catch any rusty metal disease from this. Construction meets baking. That's what I'm going to call this segment. Clearly though, I made a good decision because once I was lining up all the strips, this was working pretty dang well, including with the red dough, which by the time I used it was a little bit too warm. Actually, so warm that I didn't even need to cut it. I could just push the level down into the dough and cut it like that. Top 10 weirdest things I've ever done on the show. Maybe it's got to be up there. Either way, I finished cutting my strips tossed in the pie filling into the pie tray, obviously, with the bottom dough. And then started to make my almost like a bacon weave on top except with the different colors of dough. I had a lot more of red also, so I did two stripes of red, one of white and alternated that on both directions. Obviously, this process takes a very long time. I left a little space between each strip because I didn't think I was going to have enough. Luckily I was right because I ended up using every ounce of dough that I made. Once it was complete, just like the last pie, I threw it in at a high temperature first with some tin foil on the top this time. Then just turn the temperature down and let it cook another half hour. I was pleasantly surprised to see that both of the designs pretty much stayed intact. I think the first spoke one kind of seeped into the blueberries a little bit, but they still look pretty good, so I got a piece of each one and now it's time to give them a try. I haven't anybody thought of colored pie crust before. I feel like somebody has had to do that, but I've never seen it. I'm going to try the blueberry first because it's their filling recipe, so I have to judge it a little more seriously. It smells really good though. I'm normally not the biggest blueberry pie fan. Like I'd rather eat apple, pumpkin, cherry over this, but alright, but this is really good. I don't know if I have complaints. The crust is cooked nice, the bottom isn't soggy, it's not super grossly sweet. I'm happy with that. 9 out of 10. And now mine, which is probably not very good since I just threw stuff together. Never mind. That tastes really good. The apples might be a little undercooked, and kind of are still too crunchy, but it tastes really good. If you have the time or the means, especially even for Easter this weekend if you're celebrating, that's a really good idea. Just throw some food coloring in it and it comes out pretty good. I'm impressed. But I hope you guys enjoyed today's bossy test.