 What's going on my peeps? Welcome back to a kind of sporadic middle of the week video. So for this, but oh, you're wondering about my sweatshirt, where I got it, and where you could get yours. It's in the top line in the description. It's the David Seymour store. Go click on the link and check out the stuff. I always feel so filthy doing self-provo after beginning of a video like that. Blah! But anyways, today I'm doing geometric pies part two. If you guys were around last year, around this time, I made the part one. It's just to give you some extra ideas on how to change up your pie game for the holidays. Now obviously the inspiration from this for BuzzFeed and myself comes from the Instagram page, Local Kitchen, which posts a ton of really interesting and difficult designs for pies. Today I'm picking out two to get some inspiration from. This one with just like a bunch of shapes punched in the top, because I think that'll be somewhat easy. And then this one, a mosaic of some sort, which I can already sense is going to take me hours to complete. I have seen a few comments and I've gotten a few tweets asking me to do this video, this part two. So thank you to those of you who have. So let's get right into it. So guys, if you have watched any video of mine in the past two years that involved pies or pie crusts, you would know where I'm going with this. This recipe is the Katy Perry Cherry Pie crust. It's super easy. If you forgot some pie crust at the store or you just don't want to eat doughy chemicals, I suggest you to give this a try. The only key here is to keep the butter as cold as possible. That way you will get that flaky layers of butter when it melts out in the oven, kind of like the same concept as a croissant. But like I said, it's just really easy and once you've got them into discs like this, I just popped it in the fridge and in the meantime we're going to start working on the actual pie fillings. Not just like last year and every time I make pies, you have to do an apple pie. Come on, it's just, it's my favorite pie, it's the best pie ever created in my opinion. Typically it is better to use a variety of apples on your pie, that way some will get a little bit softer, some will stay more firm, some will be sweeter. You get the point, unfortunately today all I have are these Granny Smiths to work with. I spent some time peeling them all, then pouring them, trying to remove any extra little hard bits in the middle of these pieces. And now for the most pivotal part, the most specific measurements. Just throw a bunch of stuff in the bowl where your apples, cinnamon, brown sugar, normal sugar, lemon juice, kind of like any food related video, Logan Paul has ever made ever. As my grandma always says, you can never have too much cinnamon and sugar and this is looking good so let's prepare the crust. I'll work my advice, if you take your pie crust out of the fridge and this happens. Just give it some time at room temperature, it'll eventually warm up a little bit and you'll be able to roll it out. I think it's because that butter just hardens up so quickly in the fridge that it's really hard to work with at first, but you should be able to roll it out after a few minutes. I laid my first one down in the bottom of the pan and then tossed in my apple mix. A lot of the apple juice has kind of been pulled out by the sugar at this point so try to not dump it all in there else you'll have an apple soup. And now at the top crust, instead of doing a bunch of circles and squares like she had, all I could really find was a piping tip and this weird pill shaped mold. I don't even know what this was from but I'm gonna use it. The thing that I like about this is it's just limited to what you can find in the house or what you can buy in the store. Like any shape theoretically should work for this, whatever you think will look the coolest, whatever won't hopefully rip into pieces as I try to move it from the counter top on top of my pie. Thank the heavens, it did not fall apart on me. And once I trimmed around the outside of the pie and brushed a little egg wash on the top, this one's ready to go, but I'm not gonna put it in the oven yet until I have my strawberry one prepared. So yeah, for this next one I figured I'd try something that I've never made before which is a strawberry pie. Last year I did blueberry which ended up being really expensive, who knew blueberries were so expensive. But for this recipe I just followed a random one I found online, basically consisted of water and cornstarch and sugar brought to a boil. I took some time to remove all of the stems, I chopped a bunch of strawberries in half. I wanna say I ended up using five cups at the end of this and of course you wanna give them a wash to get any other dirt off of them. And apparently all you need to do is throw the strawberries in with this weird gelatinous mix at this point. It does have gelo as well which is an arch nemesis of mine, I don't love anything involving gelo. But I just followed the recipe and I left the mix to the side while I rolled out the bottom crust once again and laid it in my second pie tray. I dumped in the strawberry mix. And now unlike the last pie I'm gonna have a cover on the top of this to try to get the top as flat as possible for that mosaic pattern. And that's looking pretty much good, I'm hoping it doesn't seek down too much in the middle when it bakes. But I took all of my crust scraps and the little circles that I cut out from the last pie. And I dyed that all red using some gloves so I didn't have red fingers for the rest of the week. And now begin the grueling process of I wanna say two hours cutting out triangles and I sassalese triangles and parallelograms. And try to piece together the top of my pie this was not fun in the least bit. My pieces were even bigger, probably two or three times as large as the one from the Instagram picture. God knows how long it took her I don't even wanna know because this took me a long time. But now that our two pies are complete I tossed them both in a 400 degree oven. The strawberry pie is only gonna get about 35 to 40 minutes. I took the foil off halfway through so the crust could get a little bit of a brown. But you do wanna leave the apple pie in for at least an hour. As I pull them out it's the moment of truth. The apple pie first, that is a yikes from me. You can't even really tell what the shapes were supposed to be. This is a really good like expectation versus reality. And now for the strawberry pie which I took out of the oven earlier. Thankfully this one looks a little bit better the shapes kinda look decent still. Upon cutting it to it though I realized we had some problems. This is probably the soupiest pie I've ever seen in my life. It looks more like a milkshake. I scooped some pieces onto my plate and I guess we gotta give this a try now. Can we get a picture of what I was originally going for? And now cut back to this. Come on man that's not even funny. I mean if it tastes good who really cares? Like these pies are for me and my family so whatever. Honestly it tastes great. That pie crust is like it's impossible to mess up it's so good. The apples are cooked well they some a little bit of a bite on the inside which I like. The flavor is good so I mean it's ugly but it's a tasty ugly pie. And now for this disaster. Again if it tastes good I don't really care. I wouldn't bring it anywhere. I'd be embarrassed as all heck but let's see. It tastes good to me. I don't know if anyone would eat that at the sight of that especially with the weird red pie crust on this. But it tastes fine. Like I said last year this video is not to show you a specific recipe. It's just to give you some more inspiration so it's not that typical pie crust on top that everyone uses. So I'd call it a semi success. I do hope you guys enjoyed today's video though if you did. Give me a big like. Once again my merch is in the top line of the description. My twitter and instagram are down there as well. New video for you Friday. Have a wonderful Thanksgiving to those of you who celebrate it. Other than that I'll see you right back here next time. Peace! Well that shit is not happening until two hours. It's too cold in our house that's the problem. Do you know what tripephobia is? Well you're gonna learn cuz my comments are about to be flooded with it. It's the irrational fear of a group of holes. Have you ever heard of such a thing? I mean either. There's like pictures of like groups of straws. Too many holes. Don't pretend like you have it now just cuz we're talking about it. No cuz when I was a kid I used to have these weird greens about like weird stuff like that. Like plastic straws? Yeah.