 What is going on guys, welcome back to a brand new video. It feels so good to be on a normal schedule, no life threatening injuries in the way. But while I did take that week off by far, the most requested recipe for me to do was this spaghetti stuffed meatball, this monstrosity of a thing. I honestly don't know whether this looks delicious or repulsive, but we're going to give it a go today, so let's get started. Brace for impact people, because we're going to need a lot of stuff to make this today. I started with some ground beef, some garlic powder, salt and pepper, onion powder, marinara sauce, some linguine, hot Italian sausage links, bread crumbs, mozzarella cheese, milk fresh parsley, parmesan cheese and eggs. And before I touch any of the raw meat, I want to get absolutely everything pre-cooked, pre-cut, pre-measured, prepared before that. So on the stove top, I simply started with a full pot of boiling water, I salted it really well and threw down about a half pound of linguine pasta. This cooked up super quick since there's not too much pasta in there. I strained it out and then returned it to the pot that I cooked it in with a little bit of olive oil and about a half can of that marinara sauce. I added a little bit extra because I figured that this was going to dry out a bit in time for the actual stuffing of the meatball, but for now we're going to leave this to the side. Next up, I collected a bunch of those fresh parsley leaves and chopped up about a third of a cup of those. I shredded up a bunch of my parmesan cheese and mozzarella cheese, that's looking really good and I just measured out some salt and pepper in one little container and then my garlic and onion powder in another. Everything's going really well so far. I also made sure I got a big plastic bowl that would be big enough to form this massive thing so I got the biggest bowl that I had, laid a bunch of plastic wrap along the bottom and a thin coating of our cooking spray along that. Now we do have to get a little bit dirty. I could not find some pre ground sausage meat so I had to get these links and I carefully sliced open each one and removed the coating. AKA, pig intestines, fun fact for those of you out there who didn't know that and are now never going to eat sausage again. And on top of that, threw down a pound of the ground beef and here we go. One cup of breadcrumbs, a third of a cup of parsley, two teaspoons of salt, a teaspoon of pepper, one teaspoon of each garlic and onion powder, a third of a cup of parmesan cheese, a mozzarella I threw in there just for a little extra flavor. Two eggs, a half cup of milk and then mix this as thoroughly as you possibly can until your hand starts hurting and it's about to fall off. At which point you can throw that mix down onto the bowl with the plastic wrap that we already prepared. Some more mozzarella cheese on the bottom and then some of our spaghetti. Now here's where I figured that we might run into some technical issues. I tried to fold up the plastic wrap all around the sides. Some plastic wrap wasn't long enough for me to kind of fold up and combine with the other stuff. It was a tough task, I'm not going to lie, but I got it together, kind of sort of good and got to this point here. Onto a cookie tray with some tin foil that went and into a 375 degree oven for 40 minutes. Upon removal from the oven again, I don't really know if this looks good or disgusting. I'm kind of indifferent on this subject. But nonetheless, I threw down some marinara sauce on my plate. I carefully transferred the meatball from the pan to the plate, threw down some more marinara sauce on top of that, some cheese. And if there's ever a recipe that we've got almost exactly identical to tasty, I think this one might be it. I cut it open and got a beautiful cross section of all the pasta and that cheese. I slowly think I'm becoming a fan of this, so let's give it a taste. Now as I think I've said in past videos with Italian foods, I have a very high standard for stuff like meatballs and pasta because I'm Italian, that's all I used to eat. Shout out to you, grandma, if you're watching this. What do you think, guys? Would you want a taste of that? I feel like most of you would unless you're freely, throw back for you. Here we go. It's strange to wrap my head around. I'm not going to lie. The texture of a meatloaf, but the taste of a meatball. The taste of the meat is definitely the best part. The pasta is very strange also. I'm kind of getting a little bit of a residual greasy oiliness in the pasta. I think it's probably from the fat sweating out from the meat and not having anywhere to go on the inside. So the pasta kind of sucked it all up a little bit. Again, though, the flavor of the meatball is really good. Obviously, there's a ton of cheese in there, so I can be complaining about that. Well, because I'm probably going to finish this and we're probably going to eat the rest for dinner later, I'll give it a solid seven out of ten. Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, I'm giving you a fair warning. You need to all take a seat and strap in because the next two months is going to be insane. I'm not going to tell you anything now and give anything away. Some of you who follow me on Twitter might already have an idea where I'm going with this. I'll announce everything next Friday. Until then, I hope you have an awesome rest.