 You know how they say that news reporters have one of the best jobs because they can be wearing pajama bottoms or just underwear and no one would know? Well they're not the only ones, baby! But what is going on my feet? Welcome back to a brand new Buzzfeed test. Today we're doing something that has been requested over and over and over and over again by you guys since it came out. It's the giant cinnamon roll and ever since I did the giant Charleston chew video I've kind of been avoiding most giant things for a while but we're doing this today so let's get right into it. So guys there are a few different parts of this recipe and we'll go into each one of the individual ones in a bag but I just grabbed some unbleached flour and baking soda, some cinnamon, two cups of milk, some salt, sugar, three sticks of butter, some active dry yeast and brown sugar. Begin with one of your sticks of butter, a half cup and melt it down in the microwave and then to that add two cups of warmed whole milk. After you add a half cup of your white sugar you can give that a stir until all the sugar dissolves. I then just sprinkle down one packet of my active dry yeast and let this set for a couple minutes but really no longer than five. Now in an entirely separate bowl I pre-sifted four cups of that unbleached flour and then just dumped it on top of my wet ingredients. I'm so used to adding my dry ingredients slowly so this just feels wrong but once all of your ingredients are combined you can set a clean towel on top of that and let it sit for about an hour. After work you're going to want to sprinkle on three quarters of a cup more of flour, two teaspoons of salt and then a teaspoon of baking powder and just kind of fold those ingredients into your dough. And after a little bit you can dump it out onto your countertop along with a bit more flour just so nothing sticks. Now I'm not sure if you guys can see this but I started discovering little bits of baking powder or yeast that didn't get incorporated or dissolved but I kind of just picked those out and kneaded the rest together the best that I could. And once you're able to form around blob I started to roll it out with my rolling pin. And surprisingly this was actually pretty easy to work with. It kind of rolled out nice and evenly. It wasn't too elastic and now we could just whip up our butter and brown sugar mix that's going to go on the inside of our cinnamon roll. I should stress that it's very important that your butter is softened when you mix this or else it'll be a nightmare and then you could just simply begin to spread everything out across your dough and it was at this point I realized I rolled the dough out way too thin. There's just no shot I'm going to get my sugar mix to coat this entire square of dough. So I spread it the furthest it would go I kind of cut off the extra dough at the top and then just cut it into four strips and started rolling. Now I warn you if you do not cut these four strips perfectly even it will be a nightmare to roll up as you can see here. The dough kind of stuck to the counter in some spots it was way too thin in some spots. All the sugar and butter started getting all over my hands I tried to cut off the extra dough on one side so it would at least have a flat side and once I kind of had a very ugly looking cinnamon roll rolled I grabbed an eight inch wide round cake pan spread it with some spray and plopped it down in there. Now my thought process here is judging by how much taste these rows in their video. Hopefully this will rise enough to kind of take up this whole pan and after I let this rest for another 30 minutes I put it in a 325 degree oven for an hour and 20 minutes afterwards I took it out let it cool and this actually surprisingly looks amazing so I'm going to let it cool for a while. Well I work on this third part let me see what's involved. Hold on. So we're going to take the four ounces of cream cheese put it in a bowl with two tablespoons of melted butter two tablespoons of whole milk a teaspoon of vanilla extract a cup a cup of powdered sugar and then mix the whole thing together it looks and smells disgusting as expected so I'm going to leave it to the side while I cut myself out a piece of the cinnamon we have achieved a final product so let's try it out. I feel like I'm getting closer to being robbed every single day. I can get this damn thing off but I'm ripping the hair. Now I'm going to admit this is not the piece that I cut in the clip that you just saw it's a different piece that's why it looks so much better and put together and it is only right that I try a piece of the cinnamon roll alone with nothing on it I'm just prolonging this if you can't tell. That is absolutely fantastic 10 out of 10 hope you guys are judge oh I don't want to I'm going to put a little dab right on the end so gloopy I'm sure you'll all be shocked to hear that the taste is not that bad you don't really taste the cream cheese that much it's just a texture it's like way too thick if you guys are going to try to make this you better add some more milk or something to it or just don't make it at all just make this because that's really good overall I am going to have to give this one an eight out of 10 I feel like a Michelin man in this or something hope you guys enjoyed today's video if you did smash a like on this let me know what you want to see me try next week I'm probably going to put out two bushy videos in one week either next week or the one after that I'm not entirely sure yet but other than that I have an awesome weekend and I'll see you right back here next time who's I feel like Superman Clark Kent instead of working in an office and being Superman I work in a laboratory and I'm flannel boy