 This video is sponsored by Audible. I've had this camera and this lens for many years now and I still can't get over the quality of it. Also, yes, I just got a haircut for all you telling me to shave the chachilla off of my head. There you go. But what's going on guys and welcome back to another episode of Instagram Torture in the form of a YouTube video. I give you four options this week as per usual. You guys unsurprisingly chose the giant Dorito burrito as made by Alex herself. Now on paper, this sounds absolutely fantastic. It's a burrito. Pretty much centered around the flavors of nacho cheese and cool ranch Doritos. It's also probably going to end up weighing about 15 pounds at the end. And there are a few things that we're going to have to address along the way. So let's get right into it. Now fun fact for those of you who do not know, right now you see me in the kitchen, but you could still hear my voice, obviously. What you don't hear a lot of the time is the audio that's happening while I'm cooking. And for a large portion of that time, I am listening to audiobooks that I downloaded from this week's sponsor Audible. Fast food and its consequences have become inescapable. Now if you're somehow unfamiliar with Audible, they have the largest collection of audiobooks on the planet. And right now Audible members get more than ever before. Each month, members get three titles of their choice, one audiobook and two Audible originals that you cannot hear anywhere else. You also get access to exclusive sales and 30% off regularly priced audiobooks. Now my personal recommendation and the one that I was listening to while I was cooking was Fast Food Nation by Eric Schlosser. I found this one really interesting. He basically covers how fast food correlates to some of the different wealth groups in America. He puts some hefty accusations on it for the obesity epidemic, obviously. And eventually travels to different countries and explains how they might be in the beginnings of their fast food nationisms. If that caught your interest or there's any other audiobook that you've ever been interested in listening to, I'm sure Audible has already had it. Go to audible.com slash David Seymour, start your 30 day free trial, or you can do one of the coolest things I've ever had, the pleasure of participating in, text David Seymour to 500-500 to start your trial as well. Again, thank you so much to Audible for sponsoring this one and allowing me to continue to create videos for you guys. Again, it's audible.com slash David Seymour. But now they've got all of our ingredients gathered together, including the stars of the show, the Cool Ranch and Nachochi's Doritos, sidenotes. I'm probably more of a Cool Ranch guy, but I enjoy them both. We're gonna get a ton of the prep work out of the way for every component throughout this whole recipe. I started with my Romaine lettuce, which I will chop up and thoroughly wash. Fun fact, even if the package has to wash your lettuce, most restaurants don't. I won't name names or call anybody out, but I've been in and around a number of restaurants in my day, and that's one of the many questionable practices I've seen. And now that you're grossed out, we're gonna shred some cheese. This is gonna work as the glue between our tortillas, as well as a little bit extra on top of both of our meats. I chopped up a medium-white onion. Please add it to the list for those of you counting at home of how many onions and garlic cloves I've chopped. And now it is time for what I'm least looking forward to, believe it or not, making rice. If you've been around the channel for any amount of time, you may know that I don't have luck with rice often. Most of the time I get my mom to cook it for me and just use hers, but at my new studio, I gotta be an adult and try to do it myself. Now I'm gonna use this recipe for Chipotle cilantro lime rice for no other reason that it's delicious, and I love it when I get it from Chipotle. It was a pretty long process of letting most of the water boil off and then let it simmer for 15 minutes cover, turn the heat off for another 10 minutes, but at the very end of the process, I was very pleased with how it looked. A little bit was burnt on the bottom. I don't care the rest of it looked and smelled pretty good. The only problem is I don't think it was gonna be enough. So I did quickly whip up one more batch. Each batch had a cup of rice, so let's pray that that's enough. Next up is gonna be our chicken. I'm gonna use two chicken breasts from the store. Obviously I chop some of the fat off, I cut them up into bite-sized pieces. I will mention that in the video, Alex cuts her is pretty large and I'd rather not do that. I'm just comparing it in my head how big they normally are from Chipotle and they're pretty small, so that's the size that I went for. And along with a little bit of oil in my nonstick pan, I threw all of my chicken down. I had this over very high heat. I'm gonna try to get a little bit of browning on the outside. I did add some salt and pepper after I tossed it around a bit, and once I started to get some good color on it, I've removed it from the heat and set it aside while I prepared Chipotle Ranch. Unfortunately, I don't have a blender here yet among many things that I should have here by now, so I just took a few of these canned Chipotle chilies and chopped them up as finally as I could get them. You might get slightly larger chunks of pepper in your Chipotle Ranch, but I'm gonna if it burns somebody's tongue off a little bit, who cares? And as I was watching through the video, I noticed that there wasn't any measurements given for the ranch base, so with my newfound connections, I asked the source, her self Alex. She so graciously told me the ratios. Thank you very much Alex for responding in time while I was still cooking this. And I added the mayo, the sour cream, and the ranch to my bowl. And then of course, added in my chopped up Chipotle chilies and a little bit of the juice from the can. I gave that a mix and a quick taste, and it's pretty darn good, so I added a few tablespoons worth into my chopped up chicken, and that's ready to go as well. Of all the things that I bought for this recipe, the one thing I forgot from the store was taco seasoning, and maybe it's a blessing in disguise, I'm gonna make some homemade taco seasoning, maybe it'll come out better, who knows. This is a mixture of about 9 or 10 different spices and herbs. I will leave the link to the recipe I followed in the description if you are curious for some reason. But I said a lot to the side, and threw down two pounds of my ground beef, this was 80% lean and 20% fats. And I allowed it to get some color before tossing in all of my onions, and a little well in the middle of the pan that I made. A few minutes after I added those in, I sprinkled some of my taco seasoning over the whole thing, just kind of eyeballing this, and guessing how much it's gonna need without overpowering it. I gave the mix another minute or two, and then added in my can of diced tomatoes with green chilies. I didn't even know that they sold cans of diced tomatoes with green chilies in them, and learned something new every day. Now onto the absolute largest cookie sheet I had in my possession. I threw it down five tortillas because that's all I could fit on this, even though Alex used six. And then I used a little bit more than half of the cheese that I shredded up earlier, and actually threw this into the oven and broiled it for about a minute. I don't want the tortillas to get all hard by baking it. Obviously the broiler melts the cheese really quick, and then we could throw everything else inside of it. Now here's the main issue in this recipe. She uses refried beans. Obviously I cannot eat beans. Some of you may know that. Just another thing on my long list of allergies. So I'm going to use the space saved from the beans for some lettuce on the inside. I did throw down my cilantro lime rice, which is looking pretty darn good. And against my brother judgment, I added my chip layer. The reason I say that is because I worry the chips are going to get soggy if they absorb some of the grease and juices from the chicken and the beef. But no matter we're going to keep powering on here, on my natural cheese side, I added a few scoops of my ground beef mix. Pretty much as much as I think I'll be able to fit when I'm trying to roll this up. And then on the other side, obviously I threw down my chicken. I'm going to finish this whole thing off with some more of my shredded up cheese. And then like I said, a little bit of lettuce on the inside, even though Alex doesn't do that with hers. Now, there are a number of difficult tasks that I have completed on this channel. Let me just say this. Rapping this burrito over the course of 15 or 20 minutes is way up there in difficult tasks. I severely overestimated the amount of filling that I would be able to wrap in these five tortillas. I eventually had to resort to skewers and kind of sticking them in. Hopefully after I baked this and then remove them, it'll stay wrapped up. But I did eventually get it semi-wrapped up in the foil and threw it back into the oven for a couple minutes to let that cheese inside melt and to let everything else heat up. Afterwards, I had to then figure out a way to flip it so that uglier seam on the top is on the bottom. I eventually thought of putting my cutting board on top and flipping it like that, which worked pretty well. And after I removed the foil, I finished this beauty off with some more of my chopped up lettuce, some pico de gallo that I bought already pre-made from the store, unfortunately. And I also put a little bit of sour cream in a bag and kind of pipe to finishing touch across the top of this. Now, I'm going to cut this the same way that Alex did and that's just by cutting off a little bit of the ends. And finally, it is time to give this monstrosity a try. Unfortunately, we lost some of the sour cream detail in transport, but they still look pretty good. Even though I said I'm more of a fan of the cool ranch Doritos, I think I'm going to like this side better. I think the ground beef is going to go better, but we'll see. It looks more like a sandwich at this point. It's flattened out a bit, but the chips are looking good, the chickens in there. Oh yes, this is what I need right now. And I didn't think I was going to love the chicken with the sauce on it because it's kind of weird to have a creamy sauce like that in a burrito, but it's really good. I have to stop myself before I eat this whole thing because we have another half to try. I can't even pick this one up. What a disaster. I thought I was going to like this one better. It was more classic with the ground beef and everything. I don't. The ground beef is kind of bland. I don't think I put enough of the taco seasoning in it. Also, the chips are very soggy, probably from the moisture of the beef and putting it right on top of the chips. I probably reverse that if I made this again. Also, clearly skewers can only get you so far. This thing is falling apart. I'll give this one a seven and the ranch an 8.2. Hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did, slap a like on this one. Go over and follow me Instagram and Twitter. Thank you again to Audible for sponsoring this week's video. Click the link in the top line of the description to start your 30 day free trial and use code David because it helps me out and it helps them out. Have a fantastic weekend and awesome same Patrick's Day if you're doing anything for it. I'll see you right back here next time. Peace. my money super lazy. Try making me tonight. Thank you. Trying to supersize my life with my 18. Yeah, I was in wavy, but we had a vision.