 What's going on guys and welcome back to this week's video. Now now I know there was a mass panic last week because God forbid I missed one video. I got the expected where are you, where's this week's video comments, I got the concerned tweets and then I also got the comments on Instagram thinking I was dead. Thank you all for your dearest concern. But I'm back, I'm here for those of you who do not know, I spent the last 10 days in Jamaica, it was absolutely amazing here some footage from that. And as much as that break was needed to remotivate me and reenergize me to get back into these videos and swing up things, it didn't stay right with me. You guys got to realize that I almost did miss a video for an entire year. I think it was a 50 week streak I had with the videos I started before these bus free tests included and because of that I thought to myself, how am I going to make it up to you guys? Announcement number one, I am 100% attending playlist live DC September 2nd through the fourth. I'm going to be tweeting out where I'm at for the entire weekend and going to make it a point to meet every single one of you guys. Announcement number two, which a lot more of you are probably going to care about. For the entire month of August, I'm going to be posting two videos a week. That means throughout the next four weeks, I'm going to be posting eight videos total. Every Thursday, a new bus fee test, every Sunday, a new DIY test, all leading up until the vlogs that will take place in DC. So we got a pretty action packed ending to our summer here, Peeps. And as exciting as that all is, I feel like I'm rambling on for way too long. So let's get into this week's recipe. Thanks to all of these people for suggesting the grilled shrimp tacos. A, because it's pretty different from anything I've ever done before. And B, mainly because it's not a dessert. So let's see how I do. So guys, to assemble this recipe, there's quite a bit of stuff that we have to do beforehand to prepare all the individual parts of this taco. And I'm going to start by preparing our lines. So the first one I took and rolled out to release all of the juices. Once I got it nice and soft, I cut it in half and using a four got out all the juice I could. You only need a couple tablespoons of juice, so one line should be more than enough. Second, I grabbed myself another line and got a couple teaspoons of zest off of it. You're eventually going to use the juice of this line as well, but that's for later. Second, I grabbed my fresh jalapeno pepper and got all the seeds out that I could. If you didn't already know, the majority of the heat from hot peppers comes from the seeds. Which is why most of the time in foods like this, they are removed. So I gave that a nice fine dice and put that to the side as well. I also grabbed myself some green cabbage and chopped that up, then some red cabbage and chopped that up nice and fine and threw everything to the side to start preparing our first part. So in a nice big bowl, you're going to throw in one cup of sour cream, a tablespoon of cilantro, a teaspoon of lime zest, a quarter teaspoon of salt, two tablespoons of lime juice and we're going to mix that all up. I then threw that in the refrigerator and we can begin on the slaw. In a second bowl, I threw one and a half cups of the green cabbage with another one and a half cups of red cabbage. You're chopped up jalapeno pepper and half of the creamy sauce that you just made. Stir that up nice, making sure everything is evenly distributed. Put that to the side as well and now we can begin on our third and most important part, the shrimp. So these pre-packaged shrimp came already devained, but they still had the shells on them. So I took a couple minutes to take all of those off. Those popped out pretty easily and once you've got your full two pounds of raw shrimp ready, we can throw the marinade on it. The marinade that we're going to be using consists of a teaspoon of paprika, one teaspoon of garlic powder, a half teaspoon of oregano, one teaspoon of cumin, a half teaspoon of red pepper flakes, and a half teaspoon of salt. That was mouthful. Try to get every single one of your little shrimps in nice coating of that and now we can prepare them to be cooked. Begin by putting one skewer through one side of your shrimp and then a second one through the opposite side of the shrimp. This is to keep all of your shrimps nice and flat on the grill. Every single one of your skewers is going to get between four and five shrimp. I was putting four on mine. When they're all skewered up, lay them out all evenly and give them a generous coating of some olive oil. This is to prevent them from sticking on the grill surface and finally we get to cook them. So outside I went to my grill, I got that nice and hot and threw them all on. You want to give these a couple minutes on both sides. I want to say I gave mine between five and six-ish minutes on both sides. Just make sure they're orange and cooked all the way through. About ten minutes later, they are looking pretty dang good. So I popped those up of the grill, brought them back inside and we can finally assemble our taco. So start with a small flour or corn tortilla. Throw a generous portion of your cabbage law down. Then however many grilled shrimp that you want, I threw on four. Then tap that off with a dollop of your creamy cilantro sauce and some fresh lime juice. I had a feeling and it has been proven these things look delicious. So right off the bat, I do have to admit that I haven't been this excited to try one of these recipes in a very long time. Just because it's so different and it looks friggin delicious. So the big moment. That my friends is good at stuff. The shrimp is perfectly seasoned. It's not rubbery or overcooked at all. But I do have to say my favorite part of this is that sour cream, cilantro, creamy sauce on top. That is fire. And again, this is one of those that you can take stuff out, put stuff in, substitute. If you don't like one thing or the other, like really easily, it would go with a lot of different stuff really well. But just like this is perfect for me, 10 out of 10. I hope you guys enjoyed this week's BuzzBeat Test. If you did smash a like on this one for me. Like I mentioned earlier, there's going to be a new video in just three days from today on Sunday. So if you have any more suggestions for recipes I haven't tried or DIY stuff that you want me to try here on YouTube, let me know down in the comments or follow me on my social medias and have an absolutely awesome ending to your week. I'll see you right back here this upcoming Sunday. Peace!