 I just want to start this and then all of a sudden got on the nostalgic because I feel like this is one of the first flannels I ever wore. Aww. What is going on Beep's Welcome back to the channel for another Buzzfeed Test. I got two videos for you this week. A Buzzfeed Test today, a restaurant test on Sunday. So it should be a pretty good week. Yesterday though, I did a poll, a kind of a poll on my Instagram story. I put up three options for you guys. I let you vote yes or no. The one with the most yes votes. One and that was of course the grilled cheese bread bowl. This one's also brand new. It just came out a couple hours ago when I'm filming this. So I'm excited for it and now let's get right into it. So guys, for this obviously we're going to be making the bread bowl made of grilled cheese. But we also have to make a homemade tomato soup. And for all that I grabbed a loaf of potato bread. Chicken broth, cheddar cheese and crushed tomatoes. Some heavy cream, salt and pepper, a stick of butter, an egg, some garlic and one onion. And because I think it's going to take longer, let's just start with the soup. Of course I have to chop up this entire onion and some cloves of garlic. Add those to the counter of how many onions and garlic cloves I've chopped. God knows how many that's up to by now. But in a big pot I added a few tablespoons of butter and let that melt down and then that entire chopped up onion. I gave that a second to cook down. Add it in my garlic cloves and then gave both of those about five minutes to completely cook down and brown up. You can now add in 14 ounces of crushed tomatoes, which was half of that can. Two cups of chicken broth and a quarter cup of heavy cream. Along with some salt and pepper, of course, give that a good mix. You want to bring it to a boil and then cover it and let it simmer for about 15 minutes. After those 15 minutes mine was still looking pretty watery and light in color but hopefully after I blend it off that will change. So after I gave it a minute to cool, that's what I did. I tossed it into my older blender because I think this one's probably the most heat resistant. I gave it a good blend for about a minute and a half and that is looking pretty darn good. So now let's move on to the bread bowl. I grabbed 11 slices which was pretty much the recorders of that loaf of bread. You're going to want to cut all the crust off of each one of them to get some nice squares. I like them all out in the same pattern that tasty had them in and then just chopped up some more garlic, melted down some butter and then every single one of my pieces of bread got a nice brushing of that. Also at each seam of each slice you're going to want to put a little bit of egg wash and then eventually try to crimp them together. I can't say I've seen this technique done before. I also kind of struggle to see how these are going to form together in a bowl shape but we will see. Once I add them all piece together I grabbed my two oven safe bowls with the larger one I coated it in some butter and then started throwing in my bread slices. It became very apparent to me that this outer ring of five slices was not going to cut it. I just quickly cut one more brushed it in the same stuff and tried to piece it in there like a puzzle and eventually got it to where it was looking decent. I tossed in a crap load of the cheddar cheese slices I think seven slices in total and then the rest of my bread to complete our grilled cheese portion. I also think I'm going to keep that smaller bowl in there for the first few minutes of baking just so that it ensures it maintains its shape even though tasty didn't do that. In the meantime though I grabbed my crust sticks, I don't know what else to call them. It's also made some olive oil and oregano, salt and pepper. I'm going to add those in the same degree oven for about five minutes to crisp them up as well. Afterwards I grabbed out my bread bowl, I threw it down with all of those bread sticks and it is time to finally combine everything together. Alright so I waited till I got back down here to combine the soup with the bowl because I think there's a chance this might not work. Hopefully you guys will be able to see any leaks if they do occur. Oh boy. Oh snap. I think we're in business. If nothing else I think this soup was going to be fantastic because it smells so good. Let me get a little crust stick here. It's delicious. No surprises. I kind of feel like they initially intended this to be like a personal soup bowl like you would get from Panera but they realized how many calories and cheese and bread is in it. And we're like we'll make it a platter and make it look like it's for a lot of people. Not really sure I'm supposed to get a piece of the grilled cheese part though without eating the entire soup first. Not gonna work. Now besides the fact that you can't eat the bowl until you finish all the soup in it and by that time I feel like the bread is going to get a little soggy on the outside. It's really good though. I'll give it a 9.2 out of 10. Hope you guys enjoyed today's BuzzFeed test. If you did slap a big like on this. I will have another restaurant test for you guys this Sunday. It's gonna be an amazing one. And another quick reminder. Next Thursday or Friday I will be at Playlist Live in Orlando. Hope to see a ton of you there. Another thing that guys have an awesome day. You