 In a world where Jake Paul is back on the top of the YouTube views, Logan Paul regains his YouTube bread series and Rachel Ray continues to pretend as if she invented a new video genre. There will always be a wannabe YouTuber continuing to make his weekly BuzzFeed tests. But what is going on people to welcome back to the very last BuzzFeed test of October. This month has been just amazing. This video will be no exception. We are outside today before it gets too cold to sit out here anymore. It's about 38.40 right now. And on this week's Instagram poll, you guys were once again not happy with the results of the pumpkin bunks cake winning. Now hear me out, there is no better time than right now to make this video and it looks really delicious with that nice orange glaze on top. So I'm excited to make it. As always, thank you to all of you who have voted on my Instagram poll. I get about 20k votes now, which is pretty insane to be honest. But let's get right into this recipe. So guys, the Halloween marble bunks cake. I don't love cakes like this, the icing technique at least. It's just very unreliable on if it's going to actually stick and you're going to be able to see the colors. It's about as reliable as YouTube's subscription boxes these days. So with that information, do what you wish. But some of the ingredients I had to get to make this was some vegetable oil and vanilla extract, a few eggs and kosher salt, some cocoa powder, some baking soda, some normal flour and granulated sugar, and then some milk. Pretty much all ingredients you should already have at home. So guys, we're pretty much going to hop right into the cake batter. This is a little bit different technique wise than some other cakes you might have made in the past. You combine your first few ingredients like your eggs, your sugar, vanilla, and give that a mix for a few minutes until it lightens up in color. You add some oil, mix it again. I had a bunch of flour baking soda. It's a lot of steps here. You guys already know if you want the exact measurements for all the ingredients. Just go over to Tasty's video. It's in the description. One important step was to alternate adding your flour and milk. Do a little bit at a time. I think I split it up into thirds. I once I had all of my ingredients evenly mixed in there. You have to divide this into three equal parts. Each one of the three is obviously going to be a different color. And we are going to have to get a little bit creative with the colors, but you will see what I mean in a second. With the first one, I added in some orange icing color about a third quarter teaspoon of that. And then I had to add some red and blue liquid food coloring to get this nice purple. And then the black, which also has a little bit of cocoa powder in it, which I thought was interesting. If you are wondering if this is a broken plastic fork, I'm using yes. We do not need to dwell on my utensil choices. We have already established that this is a ratchet operation. I was really happy with the colors I ended up getting the orange and the purple, especially. The black came out pretty good as well. So now it is time to dump all these in our bun pan. I first sprayed the pan down with a little bit of nonstick spray. And then a little bit at a time added in each one of my three colors. I tried to get some nice layers on there and then eventually mixed to try to get a little bit of a marble effect. I'm not going to mix as much as tasty did in their video. I don't know how those colors didn't combine more with how much they mixed them together. I don't want to leave mine kind of sort of separated, but you want to bake this at 350 degrees for about 40 minutes. And in the meantime, we could start on our royal icing. I guess this would be considered. It's literally just four cups of powdered sugar. And then a half cup of milk that is it, except for the food dye, of course. I took out the littlest amount. I want to say two or three tablespoons worth to dye that black because you only need a few very small lines of that on top. The rest of this is going to get dye orange. And as I mix this, I can only pray that this actually sticks on my cake and it won't have to report it 800 times. So once I grabbed my cake out of the oven and it was fully chilled down to room temperature, unlike all of your comments on Rachel's videos. I tried to flip it onto a nice cooling rack and you want to let this sit for an hour or more. Make sure your cake is completely cold before you dump your frosting on or else it will just melt down the sides. And now is the moment of truth. I poured my orange icing on top and what do you know? It is not sticking barely even a little bit. Sometimes it does not matter the temperature of your cake or the frosting you make. It just does not stick. I do not understand. I scraped off all the frosting off of the cookie sheet. I gave it a second pour around the top and eventually a third. In my opinion, you can see the dark cake right through the frosting more than the actual orange color of it, but we will continue. The very last thing I have to do is put some stripes with the black icing around the top. And once again, this was a little bit of a failure. It is looking more like a Tony the Tiger cake than a pumpkin. Frosted flakes, if you are watching this, this cake was just for you. Throw him his sponsorship and I will make another one. And before we can give this a try, of course you have to cut it open to reveal those beautiful marbled colors and guys, what was originally looking to be a semi success is just it's going down the tubes. I guess we just have to taste this now. Would any bickers or pastry chefs out there like to explain to me where did the purple go? It's just gone. I also barely mixed the colors together in the pen. I don't know I don't know what happened, but as with a lot of stuff as long as it tastes great, who cares what it looks like? This is kind of weird. The first initial flavor is good because of all the sugar on the outside. But then in the cake, it's very odd. It's like very heavy and dense. It's not dry. It's just a weird like texture and then after taste. I'm not sure how I feel about this. Maybe it's just in my head because the colors are so strange and the icing gave me such a hard time. But yeah, I don't know. I don't even know how to score this. Will I finish this slice here? Most likely? Will I ever make it again? No, there's thousands of better Halloween recipes than this one. Damn, I was hoping this would be good. I hope you guys enjoyed today's BuzzFeed Test. If you did, hit me up with a big like. The next video I upload will be next Wednesday because that's Halloween. I'll probably skip that BuzzFeed Test for the week, but it'll be a big enough video to hold you over, I think. Follow me over on Instagram and Twitter. I'm going to get up to some crazy antics this weekend. So look out on my Instagram for that. Other than that, they'll have an awesome rest of your weekend and I will see you right back here next time.