 Well pounded sharply. I melted that all down in the microwave and then threw that inside of my massive moles. Tiddle. I just got so excited. Oh, what? Oh! Oh! Oh! All right, let's do it. What's going on guys and welcome back to possibly another catastrophic failure of a bus fee test. Now I'm just kidding. I'm going to try my absolute hardest and I do have a couple tricks up my sleeve that make guarantee that this one comes out good. There are a ton of steps in this one though, so let's get right into it. All right my poops, if you've seen this video before you will know that there is a number of different layers that we're going to have to tackle on this one. But we are going to start with the brownie. I'm going to be using this brownie mix which calls for some oil, some water and some eggs. So one by one I've added all of those ingredients to the bowl and mixed that up thoroughly through that into a greased cookie sheet and then cooked that in a 350 degree oven. Now originally I was planning on the next step being the chocolate cake except if you guys have seen any of my past recipes I have little to no luck with making cakes. And I didn't want to be here baking for six hours all day so I cheated and grabbed myself a store bought one. The third layer we are going to be constructing is the vanilla ice cream so I grabbed myself a jug of that. You're going to want to make sure that your ice cream is completely down to room temperature before you try to flatten it out. Or else that might happen to you. Moving on, throw that into a square pan and flatten it out. So I threw that back in the freezer to harden up as well. Now onto the fourth and final layer. I don't know about you guys but I searched Thai and Low for a recipe on how to make this vanilla heavy cream mixture. It wasn't in the description of the video, it wasn't in the actual video itself, it wasn't anyone's repost so I guess I'm just going to have to eyeball this one. The ingredients they used in the video though was some heavy cream, some milk, some white chocolate candy melts, honey, sugar, and this whole vanilla bean which by the way was six hours. By the way, was six dollars for one. Anyway, let's move on. Into a pot I added a whole pint of heavy cream and about a half cup of milk. I then sliced and deseeded my vanilla bean through that in. And then continued mixing that over medium to high heat until it came to a boil. That happened in about five or ten minutes. Once I got to a rolling boil, I took it off the heat. I added about a cup and a half of white chocolate, about a tablespoon of honey, and about a teaspoon of sugar. None of which by the way is definitely what they use. I'm just hoping that that's what they did. Now that that is mixed up as well, I threw that in a metal circular pie tin and threw that into the freezer for two to three hours to solidify. Alright, finally we are onto the final stages of this. I melted down some milk chocolate candy melts, cut out a square of my vanilla mix, which is a really weird texture at this point, and then gave that a nice coating in the chocolate. I've done this too many dang times for this step to be difficult anymore. Finally, I threw that to the side, let that harden at room temperature, and I think we are ready to assemble this thing. So just as the video shows, we are going to first throw down our chocolate brownie, a block of our vanilla ice cream, then some chocolate cake, and what is this? What it looks like a caramel sauce or something? They didn't show that any part of the video. I guess I can melt down some of these bar scotch chips. It looks similar, I guess. And then I topped it all with our ratchetly made liquid clondike. I then also had to make up a quick hot chocolate ganache, even though they didn't show us how to do that one either. After all you are stacking the time, that's finally come to crack this thing open! Where the hell did everything go? It's empty. I guess when I set it off to the side, all the vanilla melted out. Let me give it one more try, I guess. I cut out another block of the vanilla mix, and before I could even finish trying to get a coating on it, it completely melted inside the chocolate. And to be completely honest, I tasted the vanilla just as it was, and it kind of tasted like due to anyway. So basically even if this thing did work out, the chances of it getting a high rating were slimmed in on anyway. Hope you guys enjoyed this week's BuzzFeed Test. If you do, smash the like button, can we hit 7,000 likes on this one? A few quick reminders, I have a second channel now that I'm going to be posting behind the scenes and vlogs and stuff periodically, so if you haven't subscribed, go over and do that now. Leave that in the first line of the description. Also, I'm going to play this live or land out in just two weeks from today. Let me know if you're going down in the comments, because I am so insanely excited to meet some of you guys. And as always, if you have more suggestions for recipes for me, leave them down there as well. I hope you have an absolutely awesome rest of your week, and I'll see you right back here next Thursday. Peace!