 What's going on everyone? My name's David and welcome back to another Buzzfeed test, Merry Almost Christmas. This year Christmas falls on a Friday which means today is Christmas Eve which means you guys get a brand new holiday themed Buzzfeed test to enjoy on your day off. And of course happy holidays to everyone else who celebrated anything else this month. I hope you guys had a happy, safe, healthy holiday with some friends or some family. I also think we need to address my beautifully decorated kitchen that took me two hours to do and still looks like crap by Christmas sweater that has the best pun ever written on it. And the Santa hat that is too small for my head. But anyway guys, yesterday I went searching through Buzzfeed's YouTube channels, their Facebook pages and came across 23 Christmas morning treats your kids will love. I randomly picked a few that I thought look the best and we are going to give them a go today. So let's get to it. The first recipe we're going to try today are these Christmas Cornflake Reads. It seems simple enough so the ingredients you're going to need are cornflakes, marshmallows, butter, green food coloring and red cinnamon candies which I don't have but instead have these insanely over-priced lollipop sprinkles. These dump sprinkles were $7 really enough cold men. But anyway let's get started. First thing you got to do is measure out five and I have cups of cornflakes. You're going to put those all in a bowl, throw that to the side and now the recipe calls for an entire stick of butter. I've made recipes like this before and that seems like way too much so I'm going to start with a half stick first. So first I melted down the butter. Once the butter was melted I added five big cups of many marshmallows, melted those down as well and then added in about a teaspoon of green food coloring and got that a nice vibrant green. Once everything is melted down you're going to throw your cornflakes in there, mix those up as best as you can. The main problem I was having here was that the cornflakes kept breaking which I'm hoping isn't going to be a problem in the end. Once I get all that mixed up I grab this sheet of wax paper. Don't worry this one's not going any ovened and through four big handfuls of cornflakes on there. The recipe says to put a little oil or butter in your fingers so it doesn't stick. I recommend this step because it helps a ton and then start to form your reats. And finally going to top that off with your grossly over-priced sprinkles and according to the recipe these things are done. So here it is in all of its glory. Even though the recipe doesn't say it I'm pretty sure you put rice crespies in the fridge for a couple minutes which is why this is so droopy and stuff but let's get it dry anyway. I actually think I like this one more than the original one. And like I said you don't really need the butter or maybe it would have been a little bit easier to mix but it tastes good to me. It's super easy to make, it took me 10 minutes, taste awesome, take it out of 10, let's move on. For our second recipe today we're going to attempt to tackle this hot chocolate on a stick thing and for that all you will need are some candy canes, chocolate chips, some heavy cream, sweetened condensed milk and some marshmallows. All right step one grab yourself a pot, put it over low heat and throw in a half cup of heavy cream. That was too hot ladies and gentlemen that was clearly too hot. Let's try this again. Much better and then you're going to throw in an entire can of sweetened condensed milk and continue to stir that until it starts steaming. Once you got to that point take it off the heat and add in three cups of chocolate chips, let that sit a few minutes to let the chocolate melt and then mix that all together. There's no time on this but it says just keep mixing it until it becomes smooth and shiny which should probably look like this. While I was letting it cool I grabbed some three ounce plastic cups which is the same cups they used in the recipe and then filled each one of them up with chocolate about three quarters of the way. Let them set for about five minutes, throw a wooden stick in them. I'm assuming a popsicle stick, a wooden dowel, anything you got around will work. After that I popped them all in the fridge even though the recipe didn't say to but I hope this was going to help them set a little bit quicker. After about four or five hours I took them out, I tried to carefully cut a slit on both sides of the cup and they weren't coming out well. It was really super sticky to the sides of the plastic cup and looked nothing like the picture. This just kind of looks like a mess and all honesty. All right besides the fact that this looks like legitimate poop honesty. It's good. It's almost like a thicker budge but not fully solidified and like I said I had this in for hours and it's still in the heart and all the way. Maybe I should have put it in the freezer. I don't know. It tastes good. I can't see you actually making this like seriously though. I'll give it like a seven out of ten. Now let's go grab our donuts. All right guys for the final recipe of the day we are going to try some peppermint mocha donuts and if they come out looking anything like this picture I will be super happy. Now the ingredients you're going to need are flour, cocoa powder, espresso powder which took me forever to find. Baking powder, baking soda, salt, granulated sugar, brown sugar, Greek yogurt, milk, one egg, vanilla extract and butter. That was a mouthful. All right guys in order to start assembling these donuts we're going to begin with the dry ingredients so throw in three quarters of a cup of flour, a third of a cup of cocoa powder, four teaspoons of espresso, one teaspoon of baking powder, a half teaspoon of baking soda, a quarter teaspoon of salt, a quarter cup of granulated sugar, one tablespoon of brown sugar and whisk that all together until it kind of looks like the cake mix. Now we're going to put that aside and grab all of our wet ingredients so grab a quarter cup of Greek yogurt, a quarter cup plus two tablespoons of milk, one egg and vanilla extract. Now whip that all together and once that's mixed add one tablespoon of melted butter. Once that is all combined we're going to throw all of those wet ingredients into the dry one and stir together thoroughly. I cannot stress this enough. You get a ton of clumps of dry ingredients so make sure it is all smooth out. Here is where you're all going to be mad at me. For the life of me I could not find a donut tray. I went to at least four or five different stores. No one had them. So what I'm planning on doing is using this cupcake tray and then cut little holes and there'll just be many donuts. All right you'll have to deal with it. But now we are going to take that tray and pour in the batter. Remember these are going to rise a little bit so you do not have to fill them up all the way. And finally they're going to go in a 350 degree oven for nine to ten minutes. While it's baking up I threw it together a quick glaze with some powdered sugar, some milk and some peppermint extract. Nine minutes later I took them out of the oven and they were looking pretty good. So like I said I cut off the top, I cut a little hole in them, covered the top in some of our glaze through some crushed candy canes and that actually looks pretty similar to the picture. All right minus the donut pan. This one's actually looking pretty good. For the last recipe of the day I'm impressed. It's cooked perfect, the glaze is good. If I had to make one complaint that espresso powder is super strong. I love my coffee but it's a little bit overwhelming. And of course try to actually find a donut pan. But if you guys like today's holiday themed BuzzFeed test please send me what that big thumbs up. Honestly when I ask for 50 we get a hundred. When I ask for a hundred we get 600 so let's you for 300. I think that's a good happy medium. Once again guys I want to wish everyone a happy and safe and healthy holidays whatever you guys celebrate. I hope you enjoy it. As always both my Instagram and my Twitter will be down in the description if you want to go follow me on those. Of course if you have more suggestions from me leave them down in the comments other than that. I'll see you right back here next Thursday. Peace Merry Christmas.