 Today's video is made possible by Squarespace. From websites and online stores to marketing tools and analytics, Squarespace is your one-stop shop to build a beautiful online presence and run your business. So what's going on guys and welcome back to a brand new bus feed test rather than putting this week's poll on my Instagram story, I decided to hook up my Patreon peeps and leave the poll over there. Now out of the four options I gave them they chose the homemade Dunk of Roo's, if you want to be a part of the next Patreon poll and get access to a bunch of different perks like your name at the end credits of the video, go down the description or just type in this link and go check out my Patreon for me. Have I reached peak sell out miss? I feel like I have. Listen, I got bills now guys, things are different these days are much more difficult. Anyways, let's get back on track so the homemade Dunk of Roo's, this was a video that was made quite a while ago, it was always on my radar to do shout out to my friend Cassidy for recently telling me to put this on a poll. Admittedly, I wasn't a huge fan of Dunk of Roo's as a kid, I definitely did eat them so maybe this will be a nice shot of nostalgia if it comes out good. So let's get right into it. So obviously with this recipe the two main components are the Graham cookies and the dunkable frosting and right off the bat we have two issues that I'm going to have to face head on. Number one, Graham flour, I've never heard of this, I've never seen it in any stores so to save myself a headache I'm going to order it on Amazon. Number two and this might be more challenging those containers. Initially my thought was just to buy some online maybe from overseas or from 20 years ago and they are nowhere to be found. In the video the tasty producers use a 3D printer for this, I do not have access to such luxuries. Made to shout out to my dad for coming through with the idea of just buying one of those old pretzel stick or Ritz cracker snack packs and using that it's similar enough. We are going to have to take some time to empty these maybe even try some and I don't remember them tasting this strange or having this oily residue on top of the cheese. Okay we're way off topic here. Let's just grab some ingredients, some all-purpose flour and gram flour, baking soda, baking powder, vanilla extract, molasses, some shortening, vanilla sprinkles and milk, powdered sugar, brown sugar, butter and cinnamon. Besides the gram flour nothing too crazy. So let's start up with the cookie dough base which is a combination of six or seven different ingredients. Make sure your butter is either room temperature or even a little firmer because we're going to add in some liquid at the end so it's okay if it's a little bit crumbly like a pie dough. Don't be afraid to get in there with your hand and mix it around. Your clean hand by the way based on some of the messages I get some of you might not have the cleanest. Why? Disclaimer this calls for a cup of milk and a tablespoon of malatum I used no joke less than two tablespoons before this seemed to be way too wet. I've tied a little bit more flour to kind of bind this back together and make it rollable. But once it was looking like a ball of wet sand I wrapped it up and threw it in the fridge while I worked on the frosting. This is going to grow some of you out as it did for me. This frosting comprises of vegetable shortening and powdered sugar. That's pretty much it. And of course a drizzle of vanilla and some sprinkles at the end but the majority of this is just straight up shortening. It's kind of gross. I also added a little bit more sugar than the recipe called for. I remember Brenda saying that it was not nearly sweet enough. But this was looking pretty good and reminding me of the old school version. So I just threw a bit in a piping bag for now and set it aside while I finished up with my cookies. I rolled a little bit of dough out at a time and with this random cap that just appeared it's not mine. Not sure where it came from. I punched out what I think are going to be perfectly sized circles. Also disclaimer I went through this video multiple times. There is not a single mention of the oven temperature or the baking time. So I'm just going to give it a guess. I'm going to guess 375 for somewhere between 6 to 8 minutes. Now surprisingly these actually cooked pretty well. They smell really good too with that cinnamon in there. I do think they expanded a bit so I'm going to find an even smaller cap. Again this is not mine. And a punch out a bunch more. It is finally time to throw our two components together in our rick cracker container and with some extra sprinkles this is looking really good. Honestly I really don't even remember exactly what the originals look like. I'll throw a picture up here and you can compare. I also feel like this is a very American snack so it's my international peeps. I apologize. Here's the big moment. This is the commercial shot. Ooh don't fall. I think some of the red sprinkles have dyed this a very faint pink but well. Now just the cookies alone are really good. They got a good snap, a good crunch. They're a bit dry alone but they have really good flavor. They're also not so grossly sweet as I'm sure the original Dunkin' Roo is probably where. This frosting I can't place though. I don't know if it's because I now see how it's made and I'm judging the heck out of it. I feel like I do not remember it tasting this way. I don't know and I added more sugar and it's still not frostingy enough. Not terrible but not my favorite. Maybe some things are discontinued for a reason. Now before I wrap this one up today guys I want to give a huge shout out to my friends over at Squarespace. Squarespace is a dynamic all-in-one platform where you can claim a domain, build a website, sell online and market your brand easier than ever before. In the past few weeks I've highlighted their award-winning templates. You also got to mention their top of the line security, their enterprise grade infrastructure, and their around the clock personalized customer service. If you have not yet clicked the link in the top line of the description, today is the day. To get started on your own business and your own beautifully crafted website go to squarespace.com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch go to squarespace.com slash David Seymour for 10% off your first purchase. I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did slap a like on this one and let's shoot for a 5500. I haven't put a like goal in a while. I got a new video for you either on Sunday or Monday. I haven't decided yet. Follow me on Twitter and Instagram for updates if you don't already. Other than that I have an awesome weekend. I will see you right back here next time. Peace.