 Oh My gosh, I like I can't believe this are you guys seeing what I'm seeing right now look at that number What even is life? 200,000 subscribers that is so dope Thank you to every single one of you that has clicked that subscribe button I feel like I just hit 100,000 I know it was over a year ago now, but again Thank you. You're all the best. I love you so much What is going on my peeps welcome back to a brand new video. We are back again in retry month back strong for retry number two You guys also didn't think that I was gonna leave you just with a very simple. Thank you for that, right? Because I got a dope announcement not right now, but in a couple weeks. I'm putting up some merch Finally after so long I've been designing it and working out all the kings I wanted to be exactly perfect. I wanted to be high quality I want it to be what you guys were actually want to wear and I'll give you a sneak peek right now It's definitely not all finalized yet some stuff might change But the second that goes up public for you guys to purchase I'm going to be giving away a bunch of t-shirts and sweatshirts and whatever you guys really want I'm gonna do it similar to the lucky charms giveaway and give away as many as I can or I'm allowed to really that is The very least I can do for all that you guys have done for me But anyway enough with the sappy stuff this week. We are retrying the honeycomb toffee this video is going back a long time Almost a year and a half now and thank you to the people who suggested that I retry this on last week's video If you needed a quick refresher that last one was an absolute epic failure I think just because I didn't Record the temperature of the sugar properly. I didn't get it heated up enough But we're gonna give it another go today, so let's get right into it So just as I did last time I grabbed myself a whole bunch of sugar and some baking soda Some sea salt and light corn syrup water and hopefully this time will be able to use this dark chocolate I also want to have absolutely everything measured perfectly ahead of time so that I'm not wasting any time between Changing the camera angle or between steps in this process So first up I measured out a tablespoon of baking soda and made sure it was finally sifted and there was gonna be no big chunks like last time I got our nine inch square baking pan ready also with some parchment paper I even put some non-stick spray on top of that and I have every other ingredient the solid chocolate on standby ready to go So over on the stove top first star in a large sauce pan with two cups of your white sugar a half cup of Light corn syrup and a third of a cup of water this should mix together really easily It's gonna be over medium heat and over the course of the next 15 to 20 minutes You got to heat this up until 300 degrees. I'm also using two different thermometers to try to get the most accurate reading I'm 300 degrees. I'm using this electronic thermometer with the heat resistant wire and this separate plastic candy thermometer Made specifically for this then did up being about two degrees off So once I hit 300 in the middle of those I quickly took that pan off of the heat and dumped in that tablespoon of baking soda I made sure to rigorously mix that baking soda into my mix But not longer than for about six or seven seconds or else you'll deflate the whole toffee that should begin to bubble up and rise in your pot Just like this already looking better than last time I dumped it in the baking pan and set it aside for about two hours for the whole recommended setting time afterwards I can already tell that this one is gonna be successful I popped it out of the pan and tried to rip off all that paper a little bit got stuck But it's really no big deal and now for the big moment Yes, I cannot express how happy I am with how this looks right now Look it's perfectly honeycomb. It's the perfect color. It's that amber honeycomb yellow just like tasties I'm hoping these taste delicious with this chocolate and a little bit of sea salt. So let's give them a try So it's about three weeks later. I'm kidding. It's about three minutes later and the chocolate has set very nicely I'm very optimistic about peace. Let's go with this one Right on the side if I can pry it off of the plate I'm not really sure what to be looking for specifically with something like this, but I'll let you know Although they're quite literally just melted sugar water and more sugar I have no complaints about this Although it does really get stuck in your back teeth after you've had a few pieces And I don't know if that's just the case after you eat a couple of these, but I'm getting like a little aftertaste of baking soda or something It's like a little bit fizzy kind of like pop rocks or something if you guys know what that is I'm just so happy and relieved that I was able to get at least one of the two retries successful so far this month I'm giving these a solid 8.4 out of 10. I'm very satisfied. I'm not gonna lie Hope you guys enjoyed this week's retry episode if you did smash another like on this You guys actually killed last week's video I ate a hundred thousand views in about like 16 hours or something Which is madness. I've never ate a hundred thousand that quick. I have some dope retry videos this month I bought everything I had of time So there's gonna be no complaints of having to wait for stuff on Amazon or anything like that I'm doing this one legit I'm really trying to get everything successful that I failed at in the past, but other than that That was mouthful as you can see. I hope you guys have an awesome rest of your week and I'll see you right back here You