 === as much as I don't want to do this I feel like I kind of have to after missing one of just four pumpkin spice videos I was planning on doing it's only fair and it's better than some of the other stuff on that board. Alright, if you are a sadistic lover of self-tourcher, emotional, physical, and mental, but also a lover of pumpkin spice, grab yourself some olive oil and crushed tomatoes, red wine vinegar, and some jumbo shells, mozzarella cheese and rigatoni, fresh basil, double-zero flour, parmesan cheese, ricotta cheese, a can of pumpkin tomato sauce, a ton of onions, fresh parsley, basil, garlic powder, some canned pumpkin, salt and pepper, dried sage, tomato paste, some ground pork and turkey, sausage links, garlic, eggs, provolone cheese, and flour that was a mouthful. I don't really remember the exact order in which I prepared all of these ingredients for the last time I made this. Nor do I really care, I'm just going to wing it as I do with most of these videos. I'm going to start with my caramelized onions because I think that'll probably take the longest and as you guys probably know I suck at this, I botch them every single time. I'm really going to try my hardest to keep the moist, prevent them from burning too quickly, lots of butter, a little bit of extra water if need be, and these should take well over an hour if you do them right. Quite frankly, these still didn't get that dark color that Tasty's ended up having, but this is the closest I've ever gotten to not ruining them, so I'm just going to leave them there. Next we have to hard boil some eggs, and I'm going to try something that's pretty abnormal, although this entire recipe is abnormal, so it should fit perfectly. I'm going to try to inject them with some orange food dye. This idea was my dad's, so don't get mad at me if it is foolish and immediately I realized that I'm just going to prick the yolks in all of these and they're not going to work, so if this first one works fantastic, if not I'm not going to ruin the other four. Also a tip, don't drop them and crack them on the way in the water or on the way out for that matter. For about 15 minutes you should have a perfectly hard boiled egg, just leave it in the fridge until you're ready to peel them. Third on our list is our ricotta mix for our stuffed shells, which I'm going to pumpkin a fry with some canned pumpkin puree. This does kind of sound gross at first, but pumpkin cheesecake is a big thing. Italian cheesecake uses a lot of ricotta cheese, so I think this might actually work. Although with the addition of the fresh herbs, anything could happen here, so it's really anybody's guess, but I'm going to set it to the side while I start boiling up my pastas. Today's just a day of experimentation, so I figured why not throw some dye into our pasta water to see if we can get our pasta even tinted a little bit orange. It became very apparent very quickly that this does not work, so don't bother and waste your time. To make up for that, I threw a little bit of pumpkin pie spice and some of the food dye into our ricotta mixture. You got that, a nice neon orange, and stuffed each one of my shells. I have no idea how many I'm going to need for an entire layer, so I just used the entire cheese mix. In that very same pre-dyed, super starchy pasta water, I threw in two cups of my dried rigatoni. Number one, I didn't want to waste pasta water because this is already hot and boiling. And number two, we're going to have to use this pan to mix up the rigatoni with that jarred sauce anyway, so I figured let's get one more use before I have to wash it. I learned from last time that the biggest technical aspect of this that you have to remember is to under cook everything from your sausage, your meatballs, your pastas, because it spends so much time in the oven at the end. If you cook everything now, it'll just be a big plate of mush at the end. And we are chugging right through this, so let's move on to our meatball recipe. This is made up of mainly half pork, half ground turkey, with a ton of salt pepper, some fresh herbs, some dried herbs. This is a very specific pumpkin meatball, say, age recipe that I found online. I'll leave it down in the description if you want to check it out. I've never made this before. I don't know how it's going to come out. But it appears like they know what they're doing, and it fits with our recipe today, so why not make it? It's also, I think, our three at this point in the cooking process, but we are just scraping right along. This particular part you have to cook separately, so you're going to bake the meatballs a little bit once they're formed, simmer off the sauce, and then finish cooking the meatballs in your simmering sauce, basically. I'll tell you right now that the meatballs smell amazing. I kind of just want to take a bite of one now. I'm going to wait. I'm going to be patient until everything is together. Next on the list and starting hour four is the hot sausages. This is one of the easier things to do. You just throw them on a saute pan or on a baking sheet and cook them for about 25 minutes in a 400 degree oven. Then last but not least is our fresh pasta dough. I'm purposely putting this off because it takes forever. It's so hard to make fresh pasta with such a low hydration percentage. I did put a little bit of our food dye and the pumpkin spice in here as well, but man, I got to tell you is this hard to need. I remember last time too, I just had to give in and add a little bit of water because there's just no way that this would ever come together without it, at least with me trying to need it. I did end up getting something that was semi-presentable, so I refrigerated it for about 30 minutes, let it completely rest, went through the 25 to 30 minute process of rolling it out, super thin, big enough to cover the entire bottom sides and top of our Dutch oven that we have the same one as last time. The outside of either spraying or thoroughly greasing the inside of this, that is pretty much all you've got to do. I say that's it. I'm pushing our like 5.5 to 6 at this point, so I followed the video, I layered everything exactly the same way in the same order, tried to do about the same amount of cheeses and onions, I folded everything over and then I baked it off. Never in a million years did I think I would make this not once, but twice in the same few months span, I never wanted to see this thing again after the last time I made it, but here we are, it is time to give Timpano part 2 a try. I remember the last time I went into this, thinking I was going to give it like a comprehensive food critic-esque review, you can't. This thing is just too massive, too incomprehensible, but I am going to taste each component and see how it tastes pumpkin-ified. I'll get this I got in the way, this isn't the one with the food coloring. Pretty good. Alright, rigatoni and the jarred pumpkin sauce as well as a little cheese. That's pretty good. It gives you a nice pumpkin flavor. It's not super crazy overwhelming, that gives me hope actually. I was expecting to have to spit something out. I still might have to. The stuffed-shelled onions and mozzarella cheese. Pretty good also. I did not think canned pumpkin and ricotta cheese would do well together, but here we are. I think it's just the sausage and the meatballs, so I'm going to get a little both. It was going well. What is that? I think it's the sauce I made for the meatballs. Yep. I held a little bit there. Yeah, I don't know what went wrong there. I don't know if I did something wrong, if the recipe is disgusting. It'll be in the description, so if you guys are curious, go check it out. Tell me if you've made something like that before, because that is not delicious. That's kind of a good cross-section. It makes it look more normal, just the sausage and pasta and stuff. I'm not sure if you could see. The top of the pasta is like three or four layers deep. So I think the very interior part might not be cooked all the way through, but it tastes fine. What an adventure. This is a lot earlier than I thought I'd be making this again, but I owed it to you guys. Most of it came out pretty good, so I don't think it'll go to waste, but here lies the conclusion to this year's pumpkin spice month. I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did, leave me a big old like. Let me know what you want to see starting November, making it back into some normal recipes. I'll let the natto have a fantastic beginning of your week. I'll see you right back here next time. Peace.