 First order of business today, I am very sorry, I missed you all last Friday. I lost power for over a week, apparently we live in the year 1924 and it took a long time for my area to recover from that tropical storm. Secondly, if you did, in fact, miss looking at this ugly mug for the whole week, don't fret, you'll never have to miss me again. These little guys are going up for pre-sale next Friday. Do I think anybody's gonna want a little mini me on their bed or shelf? No, but I figured it couldn't hurt to try. I look how cutie-ish is the most adorable thing I've ever seen. I'll remind you guys again next week when they go up for pre-sale if you do, in fact, want one of these. And finally, onto today's video, I wanted to do something pretty big, probably the biggest versus I've ever done before. And because everyone and their mother has their own unique variation for this recipe, I figured a good old fetichinial frito showdown would be perfect. Entering the ring today is going to be Steven from Not Another Cooking Show, our good pals over at Tasty, Sam the Cooking Guy, and then Chef John from Food Wishes. If you're new to the show, welcome, but today I'm going to test every single one of these recipes as accurately as I possibly can, weigh the pros and cons, and then rank them one through four at the end of the video. And today, I might just have an idea to where I can Frankenstein these all, take the best parts of each one, and then make my own variation. I'm getting a little bit ahead of myself though, so let's get right into this one. So technically, we have five recipes to make today, the most out of any versus I've ever done before. And each one needs some amount of good parmesan over asianno cheese. And to make sure I'm going to have enough, I headed straight back to the cheese section in which I got the parmesan wheel for the flaming cheesy pasta, and picking up a quarter wheel of the highest quality parmesan cheese I can find, aka another $200 block of cheese. This store is single-handedly making me bankrupt, and also don't be upset if I have another sponsor next week. Anyways, to make Not Another Cooking shows recipe, I grabbed my parmesan block and some good quality butter, kosher salt, and some feta cheney. If you couldn't tell already, I'm doing this one first because it is by far the simplest, quickest recipe to do. You literally only need to grate about a cup of your cheese, cook your pasta in some water that's just below boiling, and then in a separate pan, toss everything together, your butter and pasta, the pasta water, and some cheese. I will be honest and say that I've never loved this method for either Alfredo sauce or even carbonara. I just feel like it's pretty hard to get that nice thick glossy sauce at the end, especially when you just dump in all your cheese like Steven did. No matter how much pasta water I add, I almost always get some of these globs of the cheese on the side that pretty much get wasted. For the most part, the rest of this came together, so I played it up a nice portion, and recipe number one is ready to be tasted. I guess it's pretty cool you can make an entire meal with just three ingredients, technically five if you count the water and the salts, but it smells really good. It looks a little dry. This just screams super classy Italian restaurant. That has good food might be overpriced. The pasta is cooked perfectly, the salt level is really good as well, and it only really relies on the parmesan and the pasta water for the salinity, so it's very good, but it's very basic. I feel like it's a pretty good place to start too, so let's see what some other ones have in store for next to enter the ring today is our good buddy Sam the cooking guy with his version of restaurant style chicken fettuccine Alfredo. I needed some more cheese and panko bread crumbs, salt and pepper and crushed red pepper flakes, garlic and vermouth, heavy whipping cream, fettuccine pasta, butter, some flour, a few eggs, chicken breasts and fresh parsley. Did I forget to mention at the beginning that we're not just making pastas today, the remaining four recipes are all going to have completely different kinds of chicken to go right on top of our Alfredo mountains, starting with Sam's chicken cutlet. This actually perfectly exemplifies how different the same recipe can be depending on the person. Sam is going to fry his tasty is going to pan sear theirs, chef John poaches his chicken and then I'm going to grill mine. Sam kind of has a cheat code on though because usually anything fried is delicious, especially when you use very heavily seasoned panko bread crumbs, you pound it out to a nice even thickness and then get a beautiful golden brown crust around the outside. Now that that's ready to go I started to work on my sauce, which is pretty straightforward as well. It starts with some oil and garlic, 95% of this is made up of the heavy whipping cream which will reduce quite a bit. And then it's seasoned with some salt and pepper, the red pepper flakes, some vermouth and then at the very end some parsley and the cheese. Once it started simmering I let it evaporate off at a very low temperature. It's really no reason to rush this if you have a large bottomed non-stick pan. It's not going to take that long anyways. And a few minutes before it reached my desired consistency I dropped my pasta, let it cook to a nice al dente, toss that in and then like I said finish it off with some fresh parsley. Did I realize after the fact that there is no butter on this and I shouldn't have told you to get some? Yes, but it looks pretty good. It smells even better so I finished it off with some more parsley and she's on top and it is time to give recipe number two a shot. Okay well before I got chicken juices and parsley over my table I was trying to show you how pretty this looked until I walked down here and showed my mom and she said it looked like a couple bees. Oh my god. Sam might not be the most traditional or authentic chef out there when he's remaking dishes like this but this man does not know what blend is. Everything he makes is just like the first thing you get is definitely the creamy richness from the cream and the cheese but then you get like the garlic after that it finishes with the chili heat. Chalurically it might not be the best for you especially knowing the recipes to come but as far as taste the difficulty, appearance, all that stuff this is definitely going to hold a number one spot for now. We cannot forget the third contestant today the David Cymor channel classic tasty and their easy chicken alfredo penne. You're going to need some penne pasta and a hunk of parmesan, salt and pepper and dried basil, whole milk, dried oregano, some butter and garlic, flour, more chicken breasts and fresh parsley. I wanted to get all the prep work out of the way first the cheese, garlic, parsley and chicken and I've seen a lot of confused comments about when I break out this cheap plastic cutting board. This is literally just for like chicken and pork when I'm cutting raw meats so I don't have to wash this enormous wooden cutting board just this smaller plastic one. We all know I'm not the brightest youtube chef out there but it's only taken me five years to pick up some little hacks like this. Now this one comes together in three different parts you're gonna boil your pasta separately you're going to make your sauce separately but you're gonna start by cooking your chicken separately too. If I'm not mistaken this recipe I'm following was four years old now and stuff like this really takes me back because you can tell they tried to simplify recipes allow you to get a decent product with little to no cooking skills so I always admired tasty for that. A perfect example of that is the fact that in this video every single spice and seasoning that you use is a half teaspoon. So essentially one part of the same measuring utensil it just kind of limits the places where you could have potentially messed up so again I do admire them for stuff like this and literally all you have to do once your chicken is cooked your sauce is finished and your pasta is ready it's throw it all in a bowl with some more parsley and some more cheese and mix it together. I believe we are quite a few hours in to filming this video already but right now it is time to try recipe number three. If you're wondering yes I did use a dirty bowl for this that I just had the chicken in what about it not the raw chicken the like cooked chicken I had to decide anyway. I definitely don't love it I think the raw is kind of causing any excess sauce to get a film over it even though I cooked it minutes ago and it's really herb heavy there's like a ton of oregano in this and that always just throws me off like why would you put an oregano in cream sauce especially an Alfredo sauce I feel like that flavor is just some reminiscent of a red marinara pizza sauce it just doesn't work as well the chicken is the best part of this it's cooked pretty well I think if you used those dried herbs just on the chicken and then toss it after it would have been fine you didn't have to dump all that dried stuff in your cream sauce as well I think that's a bit overkill I'm just not vibing too much with this one for now I think you'll sit in the third place making his second appearance on the channel is chef John from food wishes with his chicken fettuccine Alfredo you need some heavy cream and chicken stock your salt and pepper again and some more cheese surprise a box of fettuccine and parsley some garlic and a few eggs and some chicken out of all of the recipes we're doing today I'm pretty confident in saying that this one is the most different interestingly enough we are a parboiling chicken in some chicken stock this should hold up flavor wise I don't know about appearance to be honest with you but we also have to make a chicken stock and cream base that we're going to eventually dump over the pasta that base has a tempered egg yolk in it this is a little bit out there in according to the video the most important technical part of this is cooking your pasta a few minutes shy of being out dente because like I said this finishes with the hot cream that I'll finish cooking the pasta itself and also hopefully inject a ton more flavor into the noodles I sliced up the chicken breast I shredded probably my seventh cup of Parmesan cheese today added that in with the pasta plated it all up are you guys at home tired of the copious amounts of cheese and cream that has been going on today because I think my internal organs are just about there almost to the end here peeps we are slowly chugging along this is recipe number four of the day and it smells so unbelievably good I think I've said that about all of them because they all do you guys might have to give me a minute here wow don't get any chicken in that bite actually from a flavor and practicality standpoint I can understand why he poached the chicken you know you're infusing flavor with that chicken stock you're gonna toss it in sauce and herbs anyway so the appearance doesn't matter all that much but parboiled chicken in general even when you shred it and toss it in the sauce I feel like it has a very distinct mouth feel it's almost got like a little slight rubberiness even when it's cooked to perfection I made sure I had a thermometer in this this sauce on the other hand though is one of the best Alfredo sauces I've had I wish I had pint glass of it because I would drink the whole thing it's just so unbelievably like savory and rich and full feeling if that makes sense obviously that all comes from the egg yolk the chicken stock it's just next level and I love the method of cooking that sauce separately dumping it on your almost finished cooking pasta and then letting the pasta absorb it too that's like infusing even more flavor into your pasta if we're having a chicken competition obviously Sam would win that chicken was the best of the day but if you put that on this I probably would have been on the floor because this dish in total was just fantastic before I sign off today a lot of people on the last versus episode recommended that I either incorporate my own recipes into these videos or do a conglomerate of all the best parts of the recipes I make and I think I'm gonna merge those two ideas I'm gonna take my completely homegrown completely self-constructed recipe for Feta Chini Alfredo and then kind of sprinkle in all the best parts from the recipes that we made today. Now besides marrying all the best qualities of those recipes together the goal of this last variation is also to cut the richness because as much as I loved some of these other recipes it's kind of hard for me to finish one as it's so rich it's so heavy but I got a couple ideas to combat that I grabbed some chicken stock and kosher salt black pepper more cheese and pepper del pasta dried thyme and crushed red pepper flakes cayenne pepper and oregano vegetable oil vermouth heavy cream parsley some smoked paprika more butter fresh garlic and shallots and our last piece of chicken breast I believe I mentioned earlier that the way I was gonna cook my chicken was out on the grill for a number of reasons I definitely feel most comfortable cooking it out on the grill and knowing that I'll get a good end product it's a lot healthier than say a deep-fried method but also I feel like a nice grill chicken is just synonymous with cream sauce pastas and to take it up another notch I'm gonna whip up a quick cajun seasoning comprised of one part time oregano black pepper and cayenne and then two parts of the crushed red pepper flakes salt and paprika I've noticed as I've grown in the kitchen there is a method to most of the madness when I'm cooking for myself or my family I like a spice blend like this to contrast the richness of a cream sauce I like to generously pat that on first and then dip it in some vegetable oil to prevent sticking and side note if it looks like I'm grilling in the dark in this next shot it's because I am it's about 230 in the morning if you were on my Instagram you'd know that already but this is the last recipe of the night it's been a long day of filming so hopefully my neighbors enjoy waking up to the smell of cajun chicken at three in the morning next up I'm gonna drop my pasta and start softening my shallots and garlic pretty much at the same time the pasta is gonna cook in maybe three minutes because it's such a thin fresh noodle and I'm also gonna need a ton of this pasta water to dump right on top of my vegetables and then let that reduce before starting the butter emulsification I figured I would pull out all the stops here to guarantee us a thick and creamy and product between the heavy cream and parmesan cheese as well as this emulsified butter there's no way we're not gonna get a nicely thickened sauce for the rest of this I pretty much fused together Sam and chef john's recipes with chef john's chicken stock and the cheese being added at the very end over no heat and then Sam's vermouth and completely thickening the sauce before adding in the pasta at all all I know is that it is very late I have not been hungry since the first recipe when we started this but this one just looks too damn good to pass up so let's give recipe number five on the day a try yes it smells amazing it looks really good it's not authentic when I'm sure it tastes good yada yada let's just get into this I'm not gonna sit here and say that this is definitely the best one but it definitely is not the worst one that's for sure this right here ladies and gentlemen is the perfect marriage yes it is very rich and thick but it's got so much heat coming from the chicken the red chili flakes the cayenne pepper it's just balanced so well this pasta basically answers my call last time to drink the damn sauce because it adheres to the outside of it so well this is really good you know what let's bring home me back for the final taste test what I put them good there you gonna stay no it's been a really long day my insides are screaming I'm sure I'm gonna be regretting this entire process tomorrow but we've eaten some pretty damn good food so I can't complain I hope you enjoyed today's video if you did leave me a big thumbs up it is now four in the morning if you didn't believe me I'm exhausted but I think this one was worth it hopefully you guys enjoyed it as well don't forget that this little guy will be up for a pre-sale next Friday of the amount have a fantastic weekend and I will see right back here next time peace thank you