 Has anybody else just felt straight up out of it recently? I know it's been a weird year so far, but something's going on. But because a lot of you suggested this one, and I figured what better way to get back to basics than a good old-fashioned tasty recipe, today we're gonna make the two ingredient, ten ingredient and twenty ingredient chocolate cakes. Also, because this video got a million views in a day on tasty, so let's get right into this one. Now logically, we're gonna start small and then work our way up to that ultimate twenty ingredient cake. And the first one is only two ingredients, eggs and chocolate, which you may think would be cheap and easy. Oh no, you're gonna need about eight to ten bars of this dark baking chocolate, meaning you're probably gonna spend over 30 bucks on a one-layer chocolate cake. If you wanted to, I'm sure you could make this cheaper using some chocolate chips or any cheaper chocolate you can find. But I am not gonna do that today. I'm gonna give each one of these recipes the best chance at success. At least most of this prep is easy, even though I'm cursed and I always have to break at least one of my yolks for every video. It does go against a lot of the rules that I thought I knew about chocolate and baking in general. You've got to separate your eight eggs, you've got to beat in your egg yolks into your melted chocolate, and at the very end, we're gonna mix chocolate and warm water to make a ganache. I can't imagine that working, but I'm getting a little ahead of myself, so let's worry about that when we get there. For whatever reason, this one calls for some soft peaks, so I think I got there with my electric hand mixer, and then very carefully folded them into my chocolate mix, and then it just gets baked off in a prepared cake tin at 325 degrees for about 45 minutes. Honestly, who would have thought you can get anything resembling a cake with just chocolate and eggs, although it does kind of feel like a brick. I did my best to even out the top, and then set it aside while I whipped up my chocolate and water ganache. I guess I shouldn't be doubting Alvin from now on, because although this chocolate did seize up right away, when you add in that full half cup of warm water and mix very rigorously, it does come together and looks surprisingly good. All that's left to do now is to dump this mixture your completely cooled cake to your best to smooth out the top, and then let this completely set either at room temperature or in the fridge, because if you cut this right now, it'll just be a runny mess. Truthfully, I still have my doubts about how this is going to taste, but let's give it a shot. This does look surprisingly good. I mean, those air pockets in there would make you think there's some kind of chemical leavener, baking powder, baking soda, but no, it's just egg whites. This is weird, man. The best way I could describe it is like a really crumbly, kind of dry fudge. It doesn't resemble cake at all, as far as taste and texture. It's only really going to be as good as the quality of your chocolate, too, so keep that in mind as well. I just think they sacrifice taste and practicality to be able to say it's a two ingredient cake, even just a sprinkle of kosher salt and some vanilla extract or something to make it taste like something other than crumbly, dry chocolate. I don't hate it, but I don't love it either, so I think we can only go up from here. Next up, we've got the 10 ingredient cake, which is supposedly not even a tasty recipe. This is Alvin's personal recipe. I compiled two boxes of chocolate cake mix, a bottle of cold brew and vegetable oil, some mini chocolate chips, kosher salt, and dark cocoa powder, powdered sugar, a few sticks of butter, a couple of eggs, and all I can say is that he's lucky. I'm in a good mood. I'll leave it at that. For the most part, this is a recipe I can appreciate, because it's pretty close to something I would whip up on a normal weekday. It mostly follows the directions on the box, but we do add the cold brew, we divide it in three different pans to make a nice layer cake at the end. These got baked off at 325 degrees for about 30 to 35 minutes, and I don't know what the hell happened to one of them, because there's a full-on crater in the middle of it. I don't even know how much leveling this off is going to help, but I did my best and said to decide to cool completely. Lastly, I whipped up this disgusting icing with two whole blocks of the Devil Ring Carnated. At least it's got equal parts butter and a ton of salt, and powdered sugar, and cocoa powder, so maybe by some miracle, you won't taste it that much. Bakers and pastry chefs everywhere, please close your eyes now, so you don't have to witness me mutilating this cake. It is no secret I cannot decorate cakes for my life, but for whatever reason, the frosting started oozing out of the sides. I didn't really have enough to make this all even. I really need one of those spinning cake stands to help my cause out a little bit. This was just mess. You're not in this game? I... I've done the final. I started a new game, and I'm here. I make YouTube videos for a living, half million subscribers. Wow! And I'm still dealing with this. There's nothing important going on back here, anything. Fall guys is clearly much more important. I guess I'll just wait until the game's over. Maybe after I douse this in mini chocolate chips, it'll look better. And no, not really. As with the majority of my desserts, this looks like it was made by an elementary schooler, but I cut myself a piece anyway, and let's give it a taste. The cross section doesn't look all that bad, although you can see where the crater was in that middle layer. Gross, moving on. For the final cake of the day, we've got tasty's ultimate shot I'm just kidding. I'll give it a review. The cake part is very good, obviously, because it came from a box. It's leavened really well, it's nice and light. It's very flavorful with the cold brew, especially. I don't think I would have guessed that it came out of a box. The frosting though, even if you couldn't taste it, I know it's in there. I just have a thing, as you guys know. I swear you can get that like tangy aftertaste like, whoa! This won't go to waste. There's plenty of other people that will gladly eat this. I am not one of them. Okay, now, last up today, is tasty's ultimate chocolate cake. With 20 ingredients, I have already made this three times for the channel. I've probably made it four or five times off the channel because it's that good. And you're gonna need some white sugar and raspberries, Dutch cocoa powder and kosher salt, some fresh strawberries, some flour, and dark chocolate, mayonnaise, and baking soda, baking powder, and some stout beer. Powdered sugar, three eggs, some butter, some milk, and vanilla extract. Not to be that guy either, but if I'm not mistaken, this is only 16 ingredients. I thought this was supposed to be 20, Alvin, what the hell? But much like my chocolate chip pumpkin spice banana bread from last year, this thing is pretty miserable to put together. You've got to combine your dry stuff, mix that up, and then set it aside. You have to combine your wet stuff, and also the espresso powder. That I forgot to include in that ingredient list, but it still only makes 17. So, I wasn't that off. Thankfully though, the rest of this recipe comes together in your stand mixer, although you do have to beat together your butter and sugar for forever, before throwing in three eggs, one at a time until each one is fully incorporated. You guys know I would never BS you or lead you astray. This recipe is just one of those where all these extra steps are so worth it. You don't need to know or care about the science or chemistry behind all of this, but if you follow this recipe to a tea, you will not regret it. It is that good. It's also not like you get overwhelmed with the weird ingredients in this, the espresso, the mayo, or even the beer. None of that comes through on their own. They just come together for this like super complex concoction of deliciousness. This batter gets finished off by alternating between your dry and wet ingredients, and then finally folding in one bar or four ounces of your chopped up dark chocolate. And that would be real. I'm very exhausted. So once these cakes cooled, I set them aside and let them cool overnight, and I got back to it the next day. As soon as I opened my eyes on day two, I got started on my chocolate buttercream frosting with three sticks of room temperature butter, about a half cup of the cocoa powder, and then almost five cups of powdered sugar. I'd like to think I have this frosting recipe down by now, and the most important part is to beat the absolute living heck out of this frosting. When you think you're pretty much done mixing, go another five minutes because it can take it. When done right, this frosting is so light and airy and not overly sweet. You can eat a pound of it, and it won't be sitting in your stomach or making you feel ill like some other frostings we might have made in this video. And the only thing left to do now is to toss all your layers of cake and frosting together. I'm just not sure what it is. Cake decorating is just not one of my strong suits. Thank you to everybody who tried to make me feel better on Instagram. It didn't work though. I know I need some help. I don't even have to taste this to know how good it's going to be, and that it's going to trounce the other two. There's a reason I made this for my, I think, hundredth episode, and I only did a handful of recipes for that video. It is not just good. It is so good. Like, it gets me excited how good it is. I maybe should not admit this, but I didn't eat lunch, and I didn't finish the other two purposely, so I can have a ton of this one. It's just so rich, and like, I don't know if it's the salt or what, but something gets you like, your salvation going, and it's just so addicting. The frosting is like perfectly light and fluffy. It's not so heavy that you can only eat a few bites and then be done with it. Like, I'm going to devour this, and probably another piece. If you are going to go through this whole process though, make sure to get a good quality cocoa powder, as well as at least a moderately dark chocolate. Do not use milk chocolate. Don't use any cheap chocolate chips. Use like a 54% or higher dark chocolate baking bar, and it will be worth it. It's just so good. I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. One last reminder, you have one week to now, but one of these little guys, if they don't reach the minimum threshold, nobody's going to get them. So click the link, go grab one while you can, follow me over on Twitter and Instagram if you do not already, other than that have a fantastic weekend, and I'll see you right back here next time. Peace.