 Now I realize the other day it has been way way too long since I've done a poll on my Instagram story. If you don't already follow me, it is David underscore C-more-one. And out of the three options I gave you, you guys chose the three minutes versus three hour versus three day pizzas. Now I've had my eyes on this video for a while. I'm more than happy to tackle some of these recipes. If you don't already know, I've done a million pizza recipes up until now. So I have very high expectations whenever it comes to pizza-related foods. Feel free to leave your comments with your guess as to which one is going to come out the best. Let's get right into this. Now as far as our pizza recipes today, just like in the past, I'm going to work backwards from the longest recipe the three days all the way to the three minutes. So hopefully they should be ready around the same time to taste. For the three day pizza recipe, I grabbed some crushed tomatoes and some pizza flour, some black pepper and red wine, some semolina flour and olive oil, some water and crushed red pepper, some fennel seeds and smoked paprika, fresh rosemary, instant yeast, salt, sugar, fresh garlic, fresh mozzarella, some pork butt, fresh parsley and some fresh basil that I stole from my friend Lindsay's house. Shout out to you, Phyllis. Thank you for another ingredient. Now, I'll be honest, I was happy to see that all three of these recipes are relatively straightforward. Most of the work resides in the dough and the proofing. The sauces and the rest of the toppings are dare I say pretty easy. I would like to add that I didn't even know pizza flour existed. I just went in a couple different stores near me and the only thing I could find was this pizza crust flour. So I'm hoping it's going to work. But with that being said, after I let it rise for the first time after 30 minutes, it was quite crumbly and not really pizzo looking. I don't know exactly what I did wrong, so I went back to the package and realized that this is gluten-free flour. If you didn't already know, gluten is what's in most bread products that gives it its structure and chew. So with no gluten, I can't see how we would get a very good pizza. I'll save it for the heck of it. I'll stick it in the fridge to let it proof as well. I don't think it's going to do anything, but of course I had to whip up another version this time with some bread flour because I'm pretty sure that's the closest to pizza flour. And now what's your dough ball is formed? You're going to want to let it proof for the first time. Cover it up, stick it in the fridge for at least 24 hours. And the next day is when you can take it out and divide it up and let it proof again. Listen, there's a lot of debate as to whether or not this much proofing time and rising time in pizza doughs especially is worth it. I'm kind of on the fence. Some recipes seem like it's really not necessary, but I have had some really great pizza that seemed to have benefited from some extra proofing time. So who knows, really? All I know is is that I am in no position to judge that right now. So for today, I'm going to be following this recipe exactly. And on day three is when we can start working on everything else. Now the only other labor-intensive thing really is the homemade Italian sausage, which you do have to put a dry rub on and let it sit in the fridge overnight with the pizza dough as well. But the next day, you're going to want to hand grind it. And as you can see, I stopped being so damn cheap and bought myself a meat grinder. This thing was about 40 bucks. I don't really grind my own meat that often. So that's why I've been avoiding buying it. But just add yet another kitchen utensil that I'm going to have to find home for when I eventually leave this kitchen. My sausage me ended up looking pretty good and it smells really good with all those spices in there. So I laid it out on a cookie sheet and you're going to want to let this broil and cook about halfway through so that it can finish cooking once crumbled up on top of our finished pizzas. And with that done, we can start to throw together our first pizza of the day. Just after I get this first mess out of my way because there was no way this gluten-free dough was going to work in any shape or form. Gluten-free people out there, I do apologize. I'm not trying to demean your food items. I'm just saying for today's recipe, it will not be applicable. The dough with the bread flour came out really good. I was able to get a nice even circle and nice even thickness. And when I layered on my sauce, my pork and cheese, I popped it into my crazy hot cast iron skillet in a 500 degree oven. And this baby doesn't look half bad. Supposedly you're going to want to finish your pizza with a little brushing of olive oil and a little dusting of some coarse flaky salt. I'm already salivating and want to bite into this right now. But unfortunately, we got two other pizzas to make first. Pizza number two is our three-hour pizza, which I have a sneaking suspicion won't even take me that long. But to make it, I grabbed some bread flour and some more crushed tomatoes, some more of that fresh basil and some kosher salt, some olive oil, some mozzarella, sugar, instant yeast, and water. Now just like the last one, we are going to start on our dough. What you are seeing was actually done a couple hours ago before I even put the last pizzas in the oven. And the reason for that is because this dough has to proof for 90 minutes at room temperature. It doesn't go in the fridge at all. You don't have to knead it a bunch of times. Once you get a nice big dough ball, you just cover it up with a little bit of olive oil and let it proof at room temp. This one's also going to be a little bit different as far as shaping goes. In the video, he goes for a more oval wider pizza. So I'm going to try to do the same on this cookie sheet this time. He doesn't preheat it. He doesn't keep the oven blazing hot. This is actually going to bake for up to 20 minutes. Again, we're going to use the same uncooked crushed tomatoes and the same shredded up fresh mozzarella and just bake it off until the crust becomes a nice golden brown until the cheese is all bubbly and melted. And this one isn't looking too bad either. But as I said, we have one more pizza to make, which is the three-minute pizza. I needed some semolina flour and some store bought sauce, some store bought pizza dough, and olive oil, fresh parsley, some garlic chips, and some parmesan cheese. Italian, I'm warning you, you might want to cover your eyes before we even begin here because not only are we taking some store bought pizza dough, which isn't the worst thing in the world. I think it gets a bit of a bad wrap. That was until we essentially deep fry it like a giant cracker. Honestly, this first one, I wasn't happy with the shape or the thickness of it anyway. So I threw it away and quickly formed a second one. I cut that original dough ball up into four, so I got a couple shots at this. Supposedly, you want to give this a minute or two on each side to get some browning. I can say, I've definitely never prepared a pizza like this. I don't think I've prepared any food like this, really, but once your pizza was cooked and drained off and cooled down, all you have to do is top it with some of your pre-made sauce, some shredded up parmesan cheese, and some fresh parsley. With that last one entering into the mix, we definitely have quite a variety of pizzas to try today. I don't know which one I'm looking forward to or interested in the most, so let's give them all a taste. Have I mentioned that I just love pizza? I don't know how many episodes I've done by now. I'm sure someone has the count out there. If you know, let me know in the comments please. We're going to start with this guy here. Honestly, I would call this more of a cracker than a pizza. It cut weird. It kind of smells weird. Who came up with this? The texture is so weird that honestly, if you just take a bite and let it sit in your mouth, it kind of has the mouth feel of those little like communion crackers. What are they called? The Eucharist? Oh yeah. Yeah, this is weird. I'm going to wait to rate these. I don't know if I'll do it out of 10, 1 through 3. We'll see. This guy looks much more standard. I don't know what happened with the grayish brown blobs there. Obviously that was just the cheese browning, but it does have a weird color to it. It almost looks like toasted marshmallow. I don't know if you guys have been around long enough to know. Obviously I'm from New York. I'm a bit of a pizza snob. It's one of the very few foods I feel comfortable and critiquing very heavily. This is not bad though. I could eat this at like a school cafeteria. It's not that bad. It's definitely better than the last one, but this I actually have some high hopes for. The sausage smells really good. It kind of looks a little bit weird. It looks a bit like a fake meat, like a spongy meat. I'd like to go on record by saying I've never made sausage or any type of ground meat before. I'm sure it was my fault. Maybe I didn't grind it well enough. Maybe the cut was wrong. The color on the bottom of this is really nice though. I'm expecting a really nice crunch. This is pretty good too. It's definitely the best of the three. I do have to add. I was a little bit surprised when you spend three days on a pizza crust, but then you spend like 10 seconds on the sauce. I was surprised you didn't cook any sauce ahead of time. Steep some fresh herbs, even dried herbs in some tomatoes first. You kind of just put crushed up raw tomatoes on the bread. You'd probably guess if you spend that much time on a pizza, you'd spend some time on the sauce as well, but it's not bad. I think it's worth waiting all that time for it to prove overnight twice. I don't know. Probably not. I think if you just made the second dough, or really any dough, and used the cast iron method, put it in a screaming hot oven. Let it get super hot. So you get nice bottom heat, nice color. Just make sure your dough is nice and thin. You can get some pretty good results either way. I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did, hit me up with a big like. Follow me over on Twitter and Instagram if you don't already, and other than that, have an amazing weekend. I'll see you right back here next time. Peace.