 Today's video is sponsored by CrowdCow. Okay, so for the last couple days, you guys have been bombarding me with requests to do Anne Reardon's fluffy Japanese pancakes. And I wasn't entirely sure why I've done a few different variations of this recipe. So I went over to her video and I watched it through. And to my surprise, for much of the video, she was basically just eviscerating tasty. She called the video and the recipe fake. She debunked it by trying to recreate it and showing that it fails. She showed the failed attempts of tons of other food YouTubers and Loki, I was kind of hoping to see my face pop up in this because I love Anne. I've been watching her for years, but also I remember having some difficulty with my version. So I quickly searched up when I tried this and it did take me a few tries and maybe this one was like a minute overcooked, but I was able to do that pretty easily actually. I've never been in this situation before where another really popular and talented and skillful YouTuber basically clowns on a recipe, says it's highly edited, it's fake and debunks it. And meanwhile, I was able to do it okay and gave a pretty good review. The only logical next step here is to revisit that tasty recipe and see how easily I'm able to do it now and then put that up against Anne Reardon's version that she introduced as a better alternative at the end of her video. You guys already know this, but I promised to be as unbiased as possible and try my best with each one of these recipes. So let's get right into this one. In a perfect world, both of these recipes will come out okay in a reasonable amount of time and then I could just judge them based on taste and texture. But before I can get into any of that, I wanted to give a huge shout out to my friends over at CrowdCow. CrowdCow is a market place for high quality meats that creates a meaningful connection between the farmer and the customer. They make it possible for people to know exactly where their food is coming from and get higher quality meats and seafood that tastes better and is better for you. To demonstrate how easy and delicious and amazing this was, I myself got an order from CrowdCow. I built my box with some of the highest quality cuts of beef, pork and chicken. Each cut is vacuum sealed, frozen at the peak of freshness and sustainably shipped directly to your door. Every box is recyclable and compostable and every order is 100% carbon neutral from the field to your doorstep. Through the years, you guys have seen me cook absolutely everything under the sun and I can honestly say some of these steaks and scallops was like some of the best quality ingredients I have ever worked with. So do yourself a favor, click the link in the top line of the description, go to CrowdCow.com slash Seymour, get $15 off your first order, sign up for free and then from that point forward get 5% off everything in the future. And thanks so much to CrowdCow for sponsoring today's video. So I think it's only fair and logical that tasty is up first today. You're gonna need some pancake mix and whole milk, granulated sugar and a couple eggs. And then for the specialty equipment that I'd highly recommend slash our borderline required, a decent nonstick pen and some cooking spray, some grippy silicone tongs and a very thin spatula, a three inch ring mold and a hand mixer. So obviously I went back through my old video and it all kind of came back to me, everything I learned throughout that. I have not made these since, I would just like to put out there. But I do want to list a couple things that I either learned from last time or rediscovered while making these today. Number one, just make one at a time. This sh** is hard enough to try to flip to and have limited space to work with in your pen. So just go for one. You're gonna be cooking over the lowest heat setting possible on your stove. The last time I made these it was over a gas flame and even the lowest setting was too hot. I ended up having to like pulse the pen on and off the heat to prevent burning. But on the selectric stove today it's gonna work perfect. I had mine at about 1.2 out of 10 or something. Number two and incredibly important, use a complete pancake mix. It should say somewhere on the box either the word complete or just add water or some variation. And the reason for that is because this has chemical leavening in it. It's got baking soda among other things. Again, this is not super required but I don't know why you wouldn't want to do it and increase your chances at success. Another huge thing I kind of discovered is that the 10 minute cooking time is just really a suggestion. Like I said everybody stove is different. Everyone's pans conduct different amount of heat. Just use the little jiggle tests, the bubble test you can peek underneath. Inevitably it's gonna take you a try or two to kind of like get it down pat and that's the same with any kind of like pancake or waffle. You just want to make sure this rises to the very top of your ring mold and it's gonna splatter a little bit too. It's not the end of the world. Unless you're flipping this thing keep that lid on super tight. It's gonna trap all the steam and residual heat. It's gonna help it get cooked all the way through. And I just think the reality with this thing is that it could take 12 minutes aside or it could take upwards of 20 minutes aside. I know that sounds like an insane amount of time to wait for a pancake but that's why I haven't made them since the last video. Luckily for me my second and third attempts came out pretty darn perfect and I just want to say a couple things quick and kind of uses the fact that they spliced in a clip of a pancake that was already pre cooked to make it look like that was the first flip. I guess it's fair to call it shady editing but like who wouldn't include the clip of like the more aesthetically pleasing flip of the pancake. I didn't get that part. Is this a recipe that you should be making every day? No. It takes way too long and it's low-key a little bit stressful but to just outright call it fake and debunked I don't know. I feel like foods like this kind of suffer from our like preconceived ideas of how they should be cooked and he in like breakfast is normally a really quick like easy thing to cook. These require a bit of patience maybe like an hour of time on a weekend but they're doable. I remember liking these a lot the last time I made them too. They're super light and fluffy and airy. They're like less than half as dense as traditional pancakes and for how much egg is in here they're not super egg-four already there. I'd say the pancake makes flavor comes out even before the egg does. They're cooked all the way through. They're pretty darn jiggly and they're good. Outside of the cooking time there's really nothing to complain about. Once you get them like to a nice rhythm they're pretty darn good so it's next part all to be interesting. Now over to Anne Reardon's version of the fluffy Japanese pancakes and because she mentioned the unattainability of tasty version I'm sure all these ingredients are gonna be stuff that we all already have so to make these I grabbed some egg white powder. I'm sorry and I love you but I couldn't help myself. Some granulated sugar and all-purpose flour, two eggs, a bit of milk and some baking powder. The overall concepts of these two recipes are very similar you know their bases are just some whipped egg whites with a little bit of sugar some leavening mixed up separately with a hand mixer and then eventually fold it in to save all that air that we incorporated. Maybe the biggest difference is the fact that this one is going to get baked in a preheated 320 degree oven and placed onto a cookie sheet that was preheated along with the oven. I got to admit that these egg whites were a hundred times easier to fold into the yolks and that's probably due to the ingredients that we incorporated to each one already. And then I also love the idea of cooking on parchment so nothing sticks. Pre-cooking the first half of the pancakes to set up that base and then coming in behind with the second half of our batter to basically guarantee a nice volume. These babies looked just as pretty as the last ones especially when I loaded them up with some homemade whipped cream, some fresh cut strawberries. Place your guesses right now down in the comments for which one is going to come out on top because honestly I don't know now. So these look pretty good too. I kind of love how no two of them are the same shape like how they're all irregular a little bit. Yes we're coming back in with the super artificially flavored corn syrup. What about it? These are great too. I'm kind of trying to figure out if having the whipped cream and strawberries on here is cheating. So I'm going to try to piece without any of that stuff but they're pretty close right now. There we go. So the flavor is good. It's not too egg-y or sweet. I would say the texture is a scoosh more dense than the last couple. Actually the texture and it kind of looks like it too. It resembles almost a potato roll or something similar. Now I was complaining about how long the last ones took and these took just about the same time. Once you separate the eggs get everything, Jesus, get everything mixed in. You have to preheat that pan. You've got to let them bake for over like 15 minutes so it's pretty much the same. I think what it comes down to, if you want something that's like a surefire recipe, you're going to get something edible that looks pretty good in 30 minutes or less. Go with this one. If you want to challenge yourself and get even more of like an impressively looking thing, if I'd say try tasties because they both work, they're both good. And yeah, that's enough starting internet YouTube drama over some pancakes. I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did, it leave me a big old like, please go send love to both of these channels. Tasty because they made me basically. And in ridden, of course, because she's super talented. I love her videos. Definitely not trying to like, encroach or question her credentials or anything. Follow me over on Twitter and Instagram if you do not already and other than that, have a fantastic weekend. I will see you right back here next time. Peace!