 Today's video is sponsored by Blue Apron. Ohhhh right, peeps. So welcome back to the channel. If you can't tell, I'm giddy with excitement for the topic of this one. Over the last couple months we've had some insane culinary battles go down on this channel. From Fettuccine Alfredo's to Baconators to desserts, it's been madness. The topic of today's challenge, chicken parm, one of my all time favorite foods. As I've said, any Italian American food with meat, cheese and sauce I am down with. And entering the ring today is going to be mythical chef Josh, Buzzfeed Tasty, Adam Ragusia and Alton Brown. These are some heavy weights to say the least, but I'm going to need my chicken parm, super moist and well cooked. I'm going to need my cheese melty, not plastic, but not too runny, and no soggy breading. I need that nice and crispy and drier than one of the Paul Brothers' personalities. Right now, leave a comment with who you think is going to deliver on all of those factors most today. So let's get right into this one. Now, we've got an insane array of differences in all of these recipes from anchovies and white wine and lace potato chips to stuffed cheese and even no cheese at all. It's going to be interesting. Before I can start with any one of them though, I wanted to give a huge shout out to my friends over at Blue Apron. Some of you guys should already know how much I love Blue Apron from when we've partnered up in the past, but today they are back once again, not only to help make this video possible, but to allow me to show you some more of their amazing meals. Blue Apron allows you to choose from a variety of chef-designed, ready-to-cook meals with perfectly portioned ingredients and lots of flavorful options all sent right to your door. Price is start as low as $7.49 per serving, and if you're busy, Blue Apron's flexible. You can skip weeks or cancel at any time. Blue Apron understands that food is personal, from what we like to how we like it. Home cooking is happening now more than ever, and Blue Apron's new customization feature is making it easier to tailor meals to your specific tastes. And potentially best of all, you'll be able to feel good about your environmental impact. Blue Apron is the first and only meal kit to partner with how to recycle, and over 85% of Blue Apron packaging is easily recyclable. So clearly, Blue Apron is here for you, with stress-free recipes delivered right to your door that you can now tailor to your own specific preferences. And you guys know, I always try to hook you up as well. So for a limited time, if you click the link in the top line of the description, go to blue Apron.com slash David Seymour 60, you will get $60 off across your first three boxes of convenient and customizable recipes. Chef Josh of the Mythical Kitchen channel, you are up first. I grabbed some flour and plain breadcrumbs, olive oil, and chicken breasts. My salt and pepper and low moisture mozzarella, dried parsley, crushed red pepper flakes, and pecorino cheese, a can of crushed tomatoes, some eggs, fresh garlic, and sugar, a bunch of fresh basil, and a stick of unsalted butter. So as you guys will notice throughout this video, there's not huge differences in the actual process. You know, we're going to make a sauce for most of them. We're going to set up our dredging station for our chicken. I'm also going to be focusing in on the difference in ingredients, as well as the methodology of each one of these. For example, this first sauce recipe is the only one we're going to be adding any sugar or basil to. I let the sauce do its thing for a while over very low heat to thicken up a bit. I prepared my dredging station, comprising of some salted flour, some salted egg whites, and then some plain breadcrumbs, but with a ton of pecorino cheese. You might have noticed, but we're not using any Parmesan in this chicken parm. We're using a lot of pecorino, which is kind of similar in flavor profile. The egg whites are really interesting to me too. I've never heard of doing this. Josh says that it helps get a crispier breading, so if that ends up happening, I'm all for it. And finally, we can address the chicken, the most important part of this entire dish, and we're not going to butterfly this or cut this down at all. We're just going to very gently pound this out to a nice, even thickness, preferably with a hot sauce bottle. And this one is going to dry brine in the fridge for at least a half hour. You're going to load on some salt, leave it in there, uncovered, and it'll hopefully leach out a ton of liquid to get that surface texture even drier. I'm not really sure which one of these I'm looking forward to trying the most. I can say, watching through them all, this recipe is probably closest to how I would normally make chicken parm. Is that a good or bad thing? I guess we'll find out. But I patted my chicken dry. I gave a nice thorough coating in all three of our bowls and then dropped that down into a lot of very hot oil. I definitely wouldn't use this much normally. It's basically deep frying at this point instead of pan frying, but that's what Josh does. And now that I got some of our low moisture mozzarella shredded and our sauce is very nicely thickened and smelling incredible. I can load it all onto our chicken and then pop it in the broiler for about five minutes until everything gets nice and toasty. For this version, this chicken should be completely cooked in the pan before going into the oven. The oven is just to brown up the cheese. Some of the other recipes differ from this a bit, but we'll address those once we get there. I finished this one off with some freshly grated pecorino and some basil. This is looking like a pretty strong star to today's video. So let's give this one a shot. First contender of the day, mythical chef Josh. First impressions, this thing's got some heft to it. It is like two or three pounds. I love chicken parm so much. It is so good. Today's about to be a really great day. This is great. It's super classic. It's so nostalgic for me. Chicken's cooked nicely doesn't have a great crunch on the top and bottom obviously because of sauce. The only crunchy bits are like around the edges where the sauce didn't touch. I don't love the cheese on it. It's very plasticky almost. I made sure to get the same kind, like the same brand of low moisture mozzarella. There's a few different kinds. I prefer usually whole milk or something a little bit softer. That one was like really dry and in turn a little bit of leathery. I got three more at least to do and I can't stop eating it. It's so damn good. It's had like two pounds of chicken. Yeah, this is something I eat every single day gladly and it's a really strong start. Next up today, you know I had to show some love to tasty. They always come through with very creative ideas. To make their stuffed chicken parm, I grabbed some flour and salt, plain breadcrumbs and chicken, pre-shredded mozzarella, a few eggs. Remember Jean-chis, a jar of marinara sauce and fresh basil. Listen, we all know that nine times out of ten, tasty is not going to be coming through with some five star exquisite fine dining meal. They're all about ease of access, how to get you a relatively decent end product with little or no time. With that all being said though, tasty, who made this shit? This was a couple years ago, I think 2016. But there's no seasoning in the breadcrumbs, the flour or anywhere else except on the actual chicken. I was absolutely astonished that I was able to make this whole recipe without the cheese just dumping out of it at some point. The jarred sauce, I don't have a huge issue with, you know, it saves you a lot of time. You can buy some pretty decent jarred sauces as long as you put up a couple extra dollars. Obviously, this one has to get fried and then baked for quite a long time, at least 20 minutes because it's such a thick cut of chicken. But why are we baking basil? In the video, it looks like such crap at the end, either mix it into your sauce or just cut it up and leave it until the very end as a garnish. Both my attempt and in their video, it doesn't look like the most visually appealing chicken parmule ever see. Regardless, recipe number two is complete, so let's give this one a try. Now I know the whole purpose of this is to be like some cool new idea to stuff cheese inside chicken, call it chicken parm, but like, what if I killed them to sprinkle a little more cheese on top? It probably would have helped the appearance out quite a bit. This kind of just resembles like a hospital cafeteria. It's under seasoned, it's a jarred sauce, it's like, it's still chicken parm, so I would eat it. But even if they use like a seasoned breadcrumb or something, we just used straight up plain breadcrumb for this. I know it's still early, but I'm definitely not stressing the ranks quite yet. Third on today's itinerary is Adam Ragusia's version, you guys have been on my ass to try some of his recipes. Today's the day, and I can't think of a better way to introduce him to the channel, I grabbed some flour and white wine, panko breadcrums and the rest of my chicken, olive oil, salt and pepper, tomato paste, fresh garlic, a can of crushed tomatoes, some eggs, a shallot, pekarino cheese and fresh basil. Out of all four of these recipes, this is probably the one I'm most intrigued by, even more so than Alton Brown's salt and vinegar chip breadcrumb, you guys will see in a little bit. And the reason I say that is because we're starting by cutting and tenderizing our chicken, and then we're going to put it in a marinade of white wine and a ton of freshly chopped garlic. And also, this one's getting topped with nothing, no sauce, no cheese. We're going to be putting some cheese in the breadcrums like we did with chef Josh's version, and we're going to keep the sauce to the side. We're not putting anything on top of this to maintain maximum crispiness. Oddly enough though, this is probably the most traditional or familiar at least in my family. Red sauce we're going to be making. He starts with some shallots, garlic, some tomato paste, white wine, crushed tomatoes, pretty much the works in our Sunday dinners. Again, I wanted to let the sauce thicken up a little bit, so while I let it simmer, I set up my dredging station just with some plain eggs and flour, and then another one-to-one ratio of pecorino cheese and this time, panko breadcrumbs. A little bit of a confession here. I pretty much no longer use Italian style seasoned breadcrumbs. Almost 100% of the time I use breadcrumbs, it's always some kind of seasoned panko, just because that crunch, that texture is unbeatable. And once the chicken's cooked through and your sauce is reduced, that's it. It doesn't get baked, there's no cheese that's melted on it. He keeps a little bit of sauce off to the side as to not sog up that breaded coating, but yeah, let's keep number three a try. Now I'm going to go out on a limb and say that this is going to be the crunchiest one of the day, because there's no liquid on it, we're using panko, it's pretty obvious. So this is good. It's cooked well. Of course it's got an insane crisp. The flavor profile is very similar to the first one, because of all that pecorino. I definitely be lying if I said that I didn't miss having mozzarella on top. I also realized that I just fully indicted myself, because I said this is similar to how I make sauce. It's not that good. Compared to the first one, it's very bitter. It could use some sugar, it could use some herbs, because there's no basil or oregano or anything in there. And this tastes good, but I kind of feel like I just like slipped it out of somebody's chicken cutlet sandwich. It doesn't feel like chicken par. I just realized I sound really harsh. It's not bad at all. I'd gladly eat this and not complain any other day. It's leaps and pounds above tasties, that's for sure. I'm just comparing it to joshes, and unfortunately, it doesn't really hold up. Lastly today is an absolute food legend, Alton Brown. I could sit here for hours talking about how much I loved goodies growing up and how much influence he had. But now is not the time to make his chicken parm. I grab some flour and butter, plain breadcrumbs and olive oil, garlic powder, dried parsley, salt and vinegar chips, sannmarzano tomatoes, and anchovies, salt and pepper and crushed red pepper flakes, dried oregano, low-moisture mozzarella, fantina or fontanella cheese, a parmesan cheese rind. Fresh garlic and egg fresh parsley are the last piece of chicken breast. For this one we're starting off with the sauce. You don't need to see me chop garlic for the 15th time today. But this one has to cook off the longest for at least an hour. And again, every aspect of this recipe seems as though it was crafted with the end crispiness in mind. We're straining the tomatoes. We're taking the sauce as far as it can possibly go and evaporating off any extra liquid. Not to mention, I can't even imagine how much of an absolute umami flavor bomb this is going to be with those sardines melted down into the oil with the parmesan rind. This is going to be really tasty. As far as our chicken goes, we are going to butterfly it and cut it in half. But this time we're going to chop them into even smaller, more manageable pieces, which I kind of love the idea of because it's increasing the ratio of those crispy edges around each and every piece. So this one's going to get chilled as well with some salt to suck out all that surface moisture. And then the biggest wild card of any one of these recipes are our salt and vinegar chip breadcrumbs. This is honestly genius because I can't think of a crispier, saltier, more addictive food than a potato chip like this. I do wish he used some seasoned panko instead of these plain breadcrumbs, but at least this one's getting doused in parsley, oregano, and garlic powder as well. And then in a two to one ratio of butter to olive oil, I got my chicken cooking up at a medium low temperature. Don't go crazy with the heat because those milk solids in the butter will burn really quickly. I let my chicken finish cooking off over on the stove. I shredded up equal parts of the fontinichis to the mozzarella. And then before we can combine all of these components and finish off the dish, the last kind of neat cork of this recipe is that you have to put a layer of your finished sauce down in the pan and then broil it for five to six minutes to kind of caramelize some of the sugars and the tomatoes. And only then when your sauce is looking bubbly and delicious, can you lay in your pieces of chicken breast, a few blots of the remainder of our tomato sauce, and then some shredded cheese. I just wanted to be known how difficult it is to not like taste and nibble on everything as I cook it, especially today, it's rough. Oh my god, shut it down guys. This is not fair. This is everything I dream of when I think of chicken parm and more. It's got that like outside super crispy bit, the sauce is to die for. The chicken's cooked so well, I'm loving that combination of the fontina and mozzarella. Overall, the dish reads a little bit salty, that's probably due to the chips and then how much I reduced that tomato sauce. I probably put a little bit too much because I kind of forgot how much I was going to be reducing everything, but man is this good. It's not often I say this, but the next time you're craving chicken parm, I beg you try this recipe. Splash a little bit on the better ingredients, the tomatoes, the cheeses, it's really worth it. I hope you guys enjoyed today's video, if you did leave me a big old like, shout outs to all the chefs who are good sports about videos like this, I appreciate you all. Let me know what you guys want to see in the next versus episode down in the comments below, other than that have a fantastic weekend and I will see you right back here next time. Peace!