 Hi, how you doing? Good. Do you know if you guys have any full wheels of Parmesan cheese? Okay, and how much would that be? 1,315. Okay, thank you so much for the help. Bye-bye. Not exactly in our budget. Hello, I was wondering if you guys had any full wheels of Parmesan cheese. How long would it take to ship? Okay, yeah, I need one for this week. Sorry, thank you. Bye-bye. Damn it. Hi, how you doing? I was wondering if you guys had any full or half wheels of Parmesan cheese for sale. What do you do? And you have them in store today? Okay, all right, sounds good. Thank you so much. Bye-bye. Yes! You know what? For an everyday grocery store, I'm really impressed with this cheese section. It's massive and it's got a ton of different options. This bad boy, of course, is what we are here for and upon receiving our enormous block of cheese. It's going to cost me just about $300. It's not as bad as some of the other options I was considering, so I guess we're just going to roll with this enormous block of cheese, a cheese. I hate myself too. I grabbed some brandy and heavy cream, some salt and pepper, and some dried apasta, as well as a fresh shallot, some garlic and butter, as well as our 25-pound wheel of cheese. Of course, I cannot help myself. I want to get my hands on this thing right away, so I'm going to begin by trying to carve out my bowl in my cheese. I feel like Alex, the French cooking guy. Welcome to a whole new angle of the kitchen. Yes, this is the same one from many years ago, if you've been around for a while, we have since redone it. I'm really scared for this, because I don't really have much to go off of. Tastey's was about four times the size of this, so please do not let me end up in the emergency room today. I am not trying to catch the beer virus. Oh, now that was satisfying. I'm already tired. I think the ice cream scoop they were using was much sharper than this. This has a very dull edge, so I don't know if this is going to be the move. Maybe a melon baller? Who knows? Whoa, that actually works so well. That was definitely more wax than cheese. I sometimes wonder, like, if somebody asked me five years ago when I started this stupid show, where do you think you will be in five years? I really know what I would have said, but it wouldn't have been hollowing out of Parmesan cheese wheel with a melon baller. This is taking way too long. People shield your eyes. Oh, I know. I feel you worry right through the screen. Don't worry, I'm feeling it too. Pause. Future David here. I just wanted to give you guys a little bit of a warning. If you are a screen-ish with knives and blood and stuff, skip the next minute. I do have a little bit of an accident, but it's not too bad, so enjoy. Yep. I don't even want to show my face on camera right now. I don't know how I didn't just lose a finger. If that is the worst injury, I come across today. That'll be fine with me. I kind of feel like I'm on an archeological day right now. You don't know what you're going to find. It's a potentially more pain and stabs. I mean, when you think about it, probably Corinne on Threadbanger haven't really been posting much, so I'm sorry somebody's got a fill in for them. I feel like this Surrey to Knife was a really good call. It's a little bit more flexible, not so bloodthirsty and large. Once you've passed the first half inch of hard rind and stuff, the middle is actually quite soft and easy to form. I'm actually pretty happy with how this looks right now. Also, here's my thumb. I look like a motocrosser. For our first shot here, obviously we have to boil our pasta in some super salty water, and I'm just going to use the water as well as a little bit of butter and then eventually mix with the flaming brandy. Once I have that hole procedure mastered, I will move on to the cream sauce and stuff. This is just more for a proof of concept right now. I would just like to remind everybody at home, I am not a professional chef. I never pretend to be. I try really hard. That doesn't really do much though. Since the final recipe calls for a quarter cup for four tablespoons, I'm going to start with a very small amount and try to get it like blazing hot. Holy s**t. Holy s**t. I could have just lost my face. What is happening today? I might quit this video. All right, ignoring the fact that I almost just died. We're going to dump in our pasta. How did that even just happen? Did somebody at home sit there knowing that was going to happen and just cringed your life away? Jesus. I don't even know if I really even want to eat this. I guess I kind of have to. Okay, second try. I am keeping my hopes high. I'm doing exactly the same thing. The same amount of pasta. I'm reusing the same water. The one single thing I'm changing with this trial is the amount of brandy I'm using. Everything else is going to be staying the same. Attempt number two, you are up next. Let's go loud. Thank you. Barks said nothing. Honestly, I forgot to do this last time. You're supposed to scrape a little bit of the cheese up so that it melts into the flaming brandy. Hopefully it doesn't melt my eyelashes this time. I still know what happened. In the video, Andrew put it straight on the flame and just let it heat up for a while. I think that's lit. Yeah, this. If and when I ever get this to work, I will turn the lights off so you guys can see the flame better. But based on what just happened, I don't feel comfortable doing this in the dark yet. We've been lit for about a minute. Let's keep it moving. Keep it lit. It looks good. It looks good. And honestly, might be out already. I can't really tell. I don't care. I'm going in. This time, I am going to plate it up with a little bit of black pepper. Hopefully that'll help things along. The strength of the black pepper definitely helps mask the alcoholic taste. But there's still no getting away from it. Overall, still pretty gross. But a little bit closer. Because why not? I'm going to push it closer to two tablespoons as well. Because I think with one, the flame goes out too quickly and it doesn't even give the cheese a chance to melt down it also. Let's see what we got. Whoa, whoa. Yes. Now we're talking people. You got to keep it moving. Keep it agitated. See kids? Whoa. See kids, even if you stab yourself and almost splash flaming liquor into your eye, just keep going. All right, I think we're out. Pasta is going in. You know what they say, guys? Third time's a charm, especially with big flaming wheels of Parmesan cheese. I think I'm going to need drunk on pasta. It's pretty good. It's definitely my best one yet, but it's still pretty liquor forward. I'm just not sure what else I could change. Because I let it flambé until the flame went out on its own. So it's not like I could have cooked it off more unless I heat it somewhere else and then add it in, which would kind of defeat the purpose a little bit. I think if I tone it back down to about one and a half tablespoons and then really warm it up in here for a while, get some of those vapors off, I think will be in a really good spot. Guys, I have a really good feeling about this one. So I'm going to go all in with my fresh shallots and garlic, of course. I'm going to give my garlic a really fine chop and eventually a crush because I don't want too much texture in my cream sauce. Also, we can get that Allison going for our Bradley only stands out there. I did take my leftover cheese too and then kind of push that through a fine mesh sieve. This just ensures that all the cheese melts evenly. You don't get any huge chunks. I eventually sauteed everything together with some butter, pepper, red pepper flakes. This is a really standard cream sauce. This is exactly what they made in the video and it's pretty close to what I would make at home too. And then just finish it with your cooked pasta, some pasta water, and that grated parm. I want to woof this down right now, but unfortunately we can't because I'm not just feeding myself this time. I'm feeding the family who just arrived home perfectly on time for this one. All right, fourth and final attempt. It has been a long day. We've had a lot of ups and downs. I'll show you how this happened in a bit. Here's the big moment. Oh no. You're gonna give me raw alcohol? Raw. You want to come over here and be an actual audience or what? That's behind the camera. He's too shy. Not shy enough to read every single one of your comments, but I'm just starting. Here we go. Oh, it's good. Pretty. What exactly does that do? Ah, fancy, fancy. I think you can see it well in the second camera. Be careful. You're still on fire. Hot pasta in. This is the first one I made with a cream sauce. It could be disgusting, but we'll find out together. Okay. It does kind of sound like mouth sounds though. Happy with the way it looks. How will it taste? We will see. What is this cool? Cheesy flaming pasta on fire. I'm sure some of you are going to complain about the cream sauce and that's kind of cheating. I don't care. They did it in the video. So I did too. I'm trying this with you. So if it's disgusting, you can be honest because I'll say it before you do. That was very good. Is this dinner? If you want it to be. I like it. Oh, you get it at the end. Oh yeah. I was just about to say you finally don't get the little alcoholic twang, but you do at the tail end. It's good. It is good. I would be very happy with this if I was served it. The cream sauce doesn't like overshadow the fact that this is cheesy pasta. I love when he cooks for when I get home from work. Unlike the whole last year. As opposed to 3.30 in the morning, what I'm trying to sleep. Don't put me on blasts like that. They actually already know because I always tell them. I wouldn't be nice and thank mom for coming back. She hasn't been in the video in like a year. So. Oh, I don't want to see it cut yourself. Look. No, no, no, no. No, don't want to see it cut yourself. Come on. No fun. I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did, leave me a big old like on this one. Thank you to everybody who voted on this recipe. I think they were putting me out $300. I mean, you did, but it was delicious. And I got Parmesan cheese for a year to two years. Follow me on Instagram, TikTok, Twitter, if you don't already. Other than that, have a fantastic weekend. I will see you right back here next time. Peace.