 What's up my peeps welcome back to episode 145 of Giving Me Stomach and Digestive Problems. You guys have been begging me to do Alvin's 3 ingredient, 10 ingredient and 30 ingredient mac and cheese's probably the 25th mac and cheese episode we have done on the channel. As you guys know I'm very lactose intolerant I am down and out for at least a day or two after episodes like this. So let the gastrointestinal issues begin. Even though we've done a ton of mac and cheese recipes from tasty we've only done one of the three today. That's the 10 ingredient mac and cheese. The other two I'm going in completely blind and for the three ingredient mac and cheese I grab some whole milk, some cheddar cheese and some shells. Now peeps brace yourselves this is a ton of prep work. We first have to start by measuring out whole milk and then shred cheddar cheese then you're ready to go. You may be saying to yourself there is no way a home cook like David who's been doing this for years can mess up this easy recipe right? You'd be wrong. I started seeing these flakes of like dark brown film or something I at first thought they were pieces of the pan I was using and then I just realized the milk on the bottom was scorching in seconds. I poured everything out off camera I skimmed off as much of that stuff as I could and when I put it back on the heat over about medium it started happening again. Legitimately if you don't sit there for every second continuously mixing and keeping it over medium low heat it's going to scorch and burn I think that's inevitable but eventually I did get the pasta cooked with little to no burnt milk film. If done correctly this should have been a 10 minute recipe so let's see how it tastes. I don't really know what to make of this one. You're going to have to take my word for it when I say that I played it this literally two minutes ago and it's kind of already set on the top a little weirdly. I don't hate it because there's not much going on there's not much too hate but it's not good either I think I honestly rather have a box of craft. You need salt for one but I think if you like spice it up a little bit some cayenne pepper maybe some mustard powder that would go a long way. I also feel like I like the idea in theory of cooking it in the milk and just making the sauce with that but it's kind of a pain as you saw it scorches so easily you have to keep it over such a low temperature sit there starting for like 10 minutes probably not worth it but hopefully the next two will make up for this one. Up next today we've got a 10 ingredient mac and cheese which as I mentioned we have done before it's Lawrence pages and I believe I've done it all the way back in 2017. It'll be nice to have a refresher though so I grab some elbows and more cheddar butter salt and pepper, feta cheese mozzarella smoked gouda and evaporated milk, mild provolone and a couple eggs. As you could imagine each one of these is going to get much more excessive with the number and volume of cheese we're going to use. This one's got five different kinds you need two tablespoons of feta you need a cup of the cheddar mozzarella and provolone and then a half cup of the smoked gouda which is honestly one of my least favorite cheeses in my opinion it's very easy to overdo and it'll overpower all the other cheeses so go light at first. I build my elbows for about three minutes less than the box recommends. Remember we are going to cook this in the oven afterwards and I don't want a big block of mush and unlike the last recipe this one should have plenty of seasoning throughout. We're started with that super salty boiling water we dumped in a entire stick of salted butter and then came behind with some more salt and pepper before anything else went in. To the warm pasta I dumped in all five of my cheeses gave it a bit of a stir so it can begin the melting process and then the base of your cheese sauce is going to be three eggs and then one 12 ounce can of evaporated milk. I think I've said this before but personally I much rather have a stovetop mac and cheese because I feel like all the ones in the oven just dry up and I'd rather have a cheese sauce than just like a dry crumbly pasta that tastes like cheese. I honestly don't remember how this one came out last time but I'm hoping the eggs and milk will prevent this from getting too dry. Something about bubbly toasted cheddar cheese like this just gets my mouth salivating. I know how bad this stuff is for my insides but when it looks and smells this good I don't really care so let's give it a shot. This might sound stupid but whenever I have a mac and cheese like this my mind just goes to like casserole almost because it's like baits and you have to cut it into pieces and I just for some reason my brain always thinks of cheese sauce when I hear the words mac and cheese. I know it's nobody else's fault it's a me problem. I gotta work on it. Yeah I really like the flavor of this one. No one cheese comes through more than the other except the cheddar on top for obvious reasons. Seasoned really well it was relatively easy. I love this extra outer crust that the cast iron gives you too. That was a really good call out. As you'll probably expected this one ranks miles ahead of that first recipe. Lastly we have a behemoth of a 30 ingredient mac and cheese recipe and to make it you are going to need some flour and farfolly pasta more shells and rotel pasta. Kosher salt, panko bread crumbs, garlic powder, onion powder, cheddar cheese, colby cheese, black pepper, four cans of evaporated milk, fresh chives and bacon, grier and gouda cheeses, some mustard and parmesan, crushed red pepper flakes, cayenne pepper, ground nutmeg, smoked paprika, white pepper, butter, garlic, lemon and some parsley I'm exhausted. I guess it's only right that the world's most ridiculous excessive mac and cheese recipe starts with the world's most overly excessive breadcrumb topping. I started with about a half pound of chopped up bacon and got that nice and crispy before dumping in five cloves of garlic and then flicking in about a teaspoon of those chili flakes, two cups of panko bread crumbs, salt and pepper about a tablespoon of lemon zest and then about two tablespoons of chopped up parsley. Just this alone is going to be a absolute flavor bomb so I probably won't be that generous when topping the finalized macaroni with it. Admittedly it does smell really great though so moving on to our pasta, this recipe calls for one and one third pounds of pasta. Again good luck if you don't have a kitchen scale and also I've never even heard of this pasta champanelle, champanelle, so I just subbed it out for some rotel pasta because they look somewhat similar. We're going to melt down a few tablespoons of butter to make a roux. Now I assumed that we were eventually going to turn this into a sauce more nay which is basically just a beshamelle plus cheese and I was wrong. This is basically just going to be a thickened custard with that roux, some salt and pepper, three cans of the evaporated milk and then a whole bunch of those spices from before. Once that was looking nicely thickened and scorched like the milk in the first recipe I took it off the heat and started to tend to all my cheeses. For the first time today we are not going to shred our cheeses but instead cube them and you're going to want equal parts of the cheddar, colby, grier and gooda. Yes I know I showed you that enormous block of cheddar at the beginning and that's because we're going to need almost an entire extra cup to go on top of this as well as a full cup of the parmesan but I'll just grate those right on top at the end. Once I had all four of my cheeses somewhat evenly cubed I folded them into my pasta, I dumped over that still warm beshamelle plus five or six different spices. I finished it off with a little sprinkling of the last can of evaporated milk as well as my two different cheeses and finally this is going to get thrown in a 425 degree oven for about 40 minutes but beware this started browning really quickly on me so I have to cover it up with some foil so the top didn't burn. And if all those flavors and different ingredients weren't enough we have to top it with chives which according to the video makes 30 ingredients. Man if I had a blindfold on and somebody put this under my nose I don't think I'd be able to guess what it was it is something else I also think there might be more cheese in here than there is pasta. I kind of love it. I know I complained about how much liquid there was when I poured it in the pan but that pretty much solved my issue with a dry casserole like mac and cheese. This is not dry at all. I kind of love the little pockets of cheese versus just a kind of homogenous custardy cheese sauce and I thought the different kinds of pastas were a little bit gimmicky just like they were thrown it in to get the number of ingredients but I kind of love that too. It's like each bite is different. I've got a different texture because the pastas cook at a different time. The only thing I'd pull back on is the breadcrumb topping. There's too much of it for one and I only used half of that mix. There's way too much garlic in there. If you get too much breadcrumb that's all you taste. Get rid of the lemon zest. The fricking chives and even the parsley is a little unnecessary. I don't mind a crunch but it's a little overkill. Other than that though, I mean what's not to like? I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did leave me a like. I do apologize. This video is probably a day late. I've been working on a lot of stuff at once so you will see it all very shortly. Follow me over on Instagram and Twitter if you don't already. I'll have the night have a fantastic weekend and I will see you right back here next time. Peace!