 This video is sponsored by Blue Apron. Guys, I'm just so upset. The fact that we only have one more video with this background is just so sad. I work so hard on it. I guess all good things must come to an end. But what's going on guys, welcome back to the channel. Today I have a really good one for you in my opinion anyways. I'm putting up tasties, chicken katsu sandwich, against Chris's chicken katsu from Bon Appetit. I've been dying to just make these and eat them in my free time ever since they came out about six months ago. They both look delicious, but they have some pretty unique differences as well. So let's get right into this. Before we get into these sandwiches, I want to give a huge shout out to my friends over at Blue Apron. Today, not only did they hook me up with some of their amazing meals to show you, but they're also offering $60 off to the first 100 people who click the link in the top line of the description. If you're unfamiliar, Blue Apron allows you to skip meal planning and grocery shopping, get exciting recipes and quality ingredients delivered right to your door. As you can see, they send you perfectly portioned ingredients that minimize this food waste and makes cooking amazing meals much simpler for beginners, average home cooks, and experts alike. Let me just lay this out for you guys. They're offering you $60 off. Their prices are insanely cheap, starting at $7.49 a serving. They've got three different flexible plans for you to choose from, the two-person plan, the four-person family plan, and the WW freestyle plan. All of which allow you the flexibility to choose whichever of the 16 different recipes they offer each and every week. And on my menu today, I'm making some spicy chicken tacos, as well as pork ragu and fresh basil feta-chini. A lot of you guys probably don't know this, but most of my time spent in the production of my videos is spent portioning out ingredients, measuring them beforehand, and all of that is done for you. It's delivered in a refrigerated box, so ingredients will stay fresh, even if it arrives when you're not home. And the cherry on top is that there's no commitment here. You can cancel at any time, no worries. So if you are sitting there salivating over these two dishes I made in less than 25 minutes each, and you want $60 off, click the link in the top line of description. You will not regret it. Shout out to Blu-Wie for, though, I have a feeling you guys are going to be really satisfied with them if you sign up. As for today's recipes, we're going to start with Chris's Cotsu sandwich from Bonapetit, simply because I always make tasty go first. So I figured let's switch things up today. You're going to need some olive oil and mayo, bread and butter pickles, and panko bread crumbs, kosher salt, flour, some thick cut bread, your favorite type of hot sauce, cayenne pepper, garlic powder, boneless skinless chicken thighs, an egg, and some lettuce. Now potentially the biggest difference with these two sandwiches are the sauces and condiments, starting with Chris's hot sauce mayo pickle mixture. Now I pick sriracha because it's delicious, A and B, I love sriracha mayo, and that's essentially what this is with some pickles and salt and pepper. And if that's not enough of a flavor bomb alone, look at what we are going to bread and prepare these in. The flour mix is made up of some all-purpose flour, as well as a tonne of cayenne pepper, garlic powder, and some salt. Your egg mixture is a tonne of your hot sauce, in my case, sriracha mixed together with your egg, and then your panko. That's going to give our chicken thighs an amazing, crunchy finish, and has quickly turned into my breadcrumbs of choice whenever I'm frying virtually anything. That is everything besides like chicken and eggplant parm, because my Italian family would probably disown me if I didn't use Italian breadcrumbs. I have my oil just around 350 degrees. I'm going to work one or two thighs at a time. These should not take long at all. They're super thin. Our oil is super hot. So once each side has a nice even golden brown color, we're going to pull them out and let them drain on a draining rack or some paper towels. Outside of chopping up some lettuce, that's it. You don't have to toast the bread, you don't have to cut the crust off. I was kind of surprised by this, but I threw my sandwiches together anyway. I'm a little bit worried for tasty. I don't want them to take yet another loss in this, but let's try recipe number one. You just slammed your toe. This, you know, this, like, this, don't put your dirty sock on the counter. I'm sorry. My light is so bright right now. It looks like this sandwich is from outer space and glowing. It's like some alien food. All right, Chris Morocco, you're up first. I will say it smells amazing in here because when you fry up that much spices and hot sauce, it like burns your nostrils. I will also say that in my experience, when you fry chips, like Cheetos, Doritos, or anything like that, I notice oil takes out a lot of the flavor for whatever reason. So I'm a little worried there's enough hot sauce and cayenne in here to, I'm just a killer baby. Where's your mind at? I don't know. How is it about to say it was not that hot? But it's like a late burn and like really comes up on you, but it's good. The flavor is really good. It could probably use a little salt. Maybe a, like an extra sprinkle as soon as it came out of the oil, but overall, it's got a good crunch. That sauce with the Sriracha mayo is delicious. I would eat this any day of the week, including right now. I probably finished this entire thing. So I'll give it a 7.8. Next up on the menu are Tasty's Chicken Cuts who's sandwiches that have similar ingredients. Some panko bread crumbs and mayo, Worshish your sauce and hot mustard, salt and pepper, ketchup, some flour, some bread, some sugar, and egg, some cabbage, and some more chicken thighs. Now as I mentioned, the sauces are the biggest difference here. And as I was about to open my hot mustard, I checked the date. I just bought this like two days ago. How has it been sitting in the store for that long? It was the first one on the shelf. I guess I'm just going to have to use this Irish mustard. It's super spicy as well. It doesn't change the flavor all that much. First off, we have to make the Tonkatsu sauce, which if I remember was my favorite part of the Wagyu sandwich. This version is just ketchup, Worshish your and sugar. Usually it might have a little garlic. As for the breading and frying portions, it's much more traditional, much more what I am used to doing, just with plain flour, plain beaten eggs, and the panko to finish it off. They don't mention putting anything in the flour or the bread crumbs, just putting some salt and pepper on the chicken before you bread it, and presumably after when it comes straight out of the oil. Now I did cook these in the same temperature oil for the same amount of time. These I did deep fry more than pan fry like the last ones. I don't think it's going to make that big of a difference, but we will see. Now similar to Chris's version, we have to make a mayo based mix. This is just mayo and your hot mustard, not the one that is three years old. We also have to shred our cabbage, either on a mandolin if you got one, or just with a nice sharp knife. And we're going to toast our bread, which I am very excited for, because toasted white bread is better than not toasted in my humble opinion. To assemble this sandwich, we're going to use all of the spicy mustard mayo mix that we made, as well as a nice heaping scoop of our green cabbage. And to finish this baby off, a piece of our perfectly cooked chicken and our tonkatsu sauce. I'm praying to the heavens that tasty finally gets a dub here, and they definitely have a shot with this one, so let's give it a try. I don't think it's even a debate. Between this one, the last one, and then the steak katsu I made a few months back, this by far looks the best between the perfectly toasted bread. Delivering in this looks great. It looks even crispier than the last one, and I have a feeling that katsu sauce with the spicy mustard mayo is going to be amazing. But we'll see. Yes! If you haven't noticed, I'm heavily rooting for tasty here, because I don't think they've won a versus episode in a year versus Gordon Ramsay and Bonapetit. But this is fantastic, and wins without question. For whatever reason, I love that katsu sauce. It's just ketchup and worships your sauce. I thought it was supposed to have garlic, some other seasonings in it. Either way, it's fantastic. Cabbage is better than lettuce. Toasted bread is better than non-toasted, so I want you to see how amazing this looks. The chicken is cooked absolutely perfect. The cabbage is so good. If you can get your hands on some boneless, skinless chicken thighs, I highly recommend you give this a shot. If you took this sandwich and replaced the mustard mayo with the sriracha mayo from the last one, that would be... You know what? I'm going to do it. I'm sitting here talking about it. All right, here's a little leftover sauce. Although it is going to have katsu mustard and mayo. That's going to be an interesting combination, but I don't care. Okay, disregard what I just said. Make this. Get rid of the mustard mayo, put this, and the katsu sauce on the other side. One of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. I'm just going to go and eat the rest of this. So outro, take it away. I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did, leave me a big old like. Thank you again to Blue Apron for sponsoring this one. I have to apologize because my voice is still gone. I don't know what's happening. I think I blew up a vocal cord or something. Follow me over on Twitter and Instagram if you don't already. Look forward to the last pumpkin spice video of the month. It's going to be a big one to say the least. Other than I have a fantastic week, I will see you right back here next time. Peace.