 Guys, this is happening. This is real. This is not a drill. The leaves are changing. It's 50 degrees. We gotta go. We gotta. Oh hey, Nala. I won't tell anyone I let you up here, okay? Even though Dad's gonna watch this from this very chair and no. Anyways, guys, if you know me, if you've been around the channel for a while, you would know that I don't thrive in any other time of the year. More than October, just like the Yankees. I go a little bit overboard this month. Two videos a week. One normal bus feed, bonapatite test, and one pumpkin spice video. Every single week for you, but we are gonna ease into it. Even though I have quite a few insane ideas. This week we are gonna start with some apple cider, but yeas from Tasty, because I figured that's like the perfect fall treat. You guys have certainly requested it enough times as well. So fall 2019 officially starts right now. Let's get right into this. If you are sitting at home and would like to make some of Tasty's apple cider, Benye's, grab yourself some fresh apple cider, bread flour, and evaporated milk, normal sugar as well as powdered sugar, active dry yeast, butter, eggs, allspice, cinnamon, salt, nutmeg, heavy whipping cream, water, and some brown sugar. Now we have to start with some of our locally sourced, freshly squeezed apple cider. You have to reduce this by about half, I believe, which took about 10 minutes or so. And while that's cooling, I'm gonna make some homemade apple pie spice. Apparently you can buy this in stores. I didn't see it anywhere, so I'm just gonna whip some up with cinnamon, allspice, and nutmeg. In addition, we have to bloom our yeast to make sure it's still alive and not outdated since I've had it since February. Mix that with some water and sugar, and it should become foamy just like this. Now we have to combine the base of our Benye's preferably without egg shells, and this is mainly comprised of that reduced apple cider, so it should have a really nice sweet intense apple flavor. Also, that may have seemed like a lot of yeast, but we are using seven cups of flour, and this supposedly ends up making 36 Benye's at the end, so it is quite a fair amount of dough. I'm also not entirely sure why you add in all these ingredients and give it a mix before adding the yeast mixture. Somebody out there knows, feel free to enlighten me, but that is what I did as well as adding in seven cups of our bread flour. I tried to measure this as precisely as possible while not losing count of my cups, and this seems incredibly sticky as if I didn't put nearly enough. I don't know why that is, but I did have to add a ton of flour while I was kneading it, so it just kept sticking to basically everything it touched. About five minutes later, I was able to get it in a nice little bowl, and this has to rise for two hours, which is a lot of time, but it is a lot of dough. We've got plenty to do in the meantime, starting with our apple cider caramel, which I have a feeling I'm just going to want to drink when it's done. I reduced two cups of my cider until only one cup remained. I double checked by dumping it back into my measuring glass, and this does look kind of weird. I'm assuming because it's so fresh that the apple is separating from the water a bit. I don't think that'll make a huge difference, so I added in my brown sugar and gave that a stir. And then about a minute or two later, you have to finish it off with some heavy cream and some very cold cubed butter. This should give this a super smooth, glossy finish and a really rich flavor. I left a lid on that for now to keep it a bit warm. I did mix up my powdered sugar and apple pie spice mix, which is going to finish off our binyes at the very end. And with that done, we can jump back to our dough, which has puffed up incredibly. It looked like it was about to burst a gasket out of my plastic wrap. And this is by far the most pivotal part of this entire recipe. You have to roll this out to at least 12 inches by 12 so that you can get 36-2 inch squares. I actually ended up having quite a bit extra and cut some excess off the sides. And I was making this joke while I was cutting this. They look more like dinner rolls than binyes. I'm kind of tempted to just throw them in the oven and then save them for Thanksgiving, but that is not on the recipe today. They have to get fried in 350 degree oil for about a minute on each side until they puff up nicely, get a beautiful golden brown color across each side. I know some of you still hold your breath to this day when I fry things, because I have an open flame underneath this, or just am generally clumsy, and could very well splash hot oil on my arms or face. We had no such catastrophes today. In fact, these are looking beautiful if I do say so myself. I gave all of them a nice coating of my powdered sugar mix. Don't do what I did and sprinkle them immediately. You have to let the oil drain a bit, or else it'll just suck up the powdered sugar and you have to put five layers on. Regardless though, they look delicious, especially next to that still warm caramel sauce. So let's give these a shot. The smell in this room right now, I cannot even explain between the apple cider, like simmering away all day, and then these delicious fried things. I'm going to be honest, I'm filming another video right after this for Sunday, and I was much more looking forward to that, because I thought it was going to be better. I don't really know anymore. Cheers everybody. The outside sugar mix is good. The initial crisp and then light and airy-ness of the middle is good, but I was kind of waiting for a punch of apple and spice flavor, and it kind of never came. The only liquid in this is super concentrated apple cider, so I don't know how that's possible. I'm going to put this caramel mix. It's got some more of the apple cider in it. All right, this is fantastic. If you reduce this even more, I could see you drizzling it over like some cinnamon rolls or something. I wouldn't even know how to try to intensify the apple flavor in this outside of chopping up and putting some apple pieces in here. It's definitely not bad. It's not as like delicious and folly as I was hoping though. I think it like a solid 7.1. I do hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did, hit me up with a big thumbs up. Follow me on Instagram, my Twitter if you don't already. And with that being said, with that out of the way, the child's play has concluded for the year. The past few months have been exciting and everything, but as I said at the beginning, it's about to get incredibly real. See you all Sunday.