 This video has been sponsored by a PINION outpost. Okay, so on this week's version of the Instagram poll tests, I give you four brand new options and you guys selected Tasty's 3 Ingredient, 10 Ingredient and 20 Ingredient Pasta Dishes. I really love testing videos like this because I feel like there's a realistic option for everybody in here based on how many ingredients you got lying around, how much time you have to blow on one meal, but all of these look pretty great and I'm excited to try them out, so let's get right into this one. The three pastas on the menu today are going to be a brown butter, scarbinock pasta, a homemade frascatelli carbonara pasta, and then finally the 20 Ingredient homemade chachamoriti ragu pasta. But before I can induce a carb coma, I wanted to give a huge shout out to my friends over at a PINION outpost. I don't know about you guys, but I love the idea of making some extra cash in my free time and a PINION outpost gives you the perfect opportunity to do so. You can take part in online surveys and test new products, watch ads, and tell your side of the story. However you like to share your opinions, you'll learn points every single time. I mean, think about it. If you got some extra time in between classes or you get bored watching a Netflix show or certain other YouTubers, you could take some surveys in the meantime and then unlike some other options out there, you can cash directly to your PayPal or receive some Amazon gift cards. So do yourself a favor, click the link in the top line of the description and join a 2 million other happy users in making some extra cash. For the first pasta course today, grab yourself some kind of filled pasta and semolina flour, fresh sage leaves, and some decent quality butter. I know this is technically supposed to be a 3-igridium pasta, but the semolina doesn't really count. You know, you're just throwing a tablespoon into the boiling water to help finish up the sauce later, and if you wanted to get really picky, you could call this a six or seven-igridium pasta with the water, and salt, and stuff. The chef in the video uses a Scarpanoc pasta, which is kind of similar to these tortellini. But he mentioned that any kind of filled pasta, like a tortellini or ravioli, would work just fine for this application. It's taken me many tries, but I think I finally got the key to making brown butter down. It's super temperamental, and it can burn extremely quick on you, so the second you start to see those little brown granules at the bottom, you either want to yank it off the heat or throw in some pasta water, just prevent it from burning anyway you can. I was going to say this at the beginning, and I forgot. I went skiing the other day, and got frickin' synched. I look like Rudolph again, it's March. As expected, there's nothing to hate about this. The butter is delicious, it's super rich, and nutty. The tortellini's are delicious, obviously. It could use a little bit of salt, I would say. I thought I was going to be able to get away with using unsalted butter, because I salted my pasta water so heavily, it still could use a little bit more. This is probably the quickest and easiest pasta recipe you'll ever make, so I'd highly recommend it, and it was a great place to start. Next up, we've got the Ten Ingredient Pasta, the homemade frascatelli carbonara. You will need some kosher salts and black peppercorns, warm water and oil, semolina flour, some pancetta, butter, and egg yolk, some parmesan cheese, and some pecorino. I'm actually pretty excited to try out this homemade frascatelli pasta, because all you have to do apparently is drop some water off your hand into some semolina flour, and it forms almost tiny little dumplings that you fish out with a strainer, and then blanch in some hot water. I repeated the little dripping process a couple times, until I had enough for one serving, and upon entering our hot tub, I didn't know this recipe was to make mashed potatoes. These frascatelli didn't hold their shapey at all. For my second try, I did a little bit of research and found out it might be easier to do this in a sheet tray, and go for some slightly larger pieces than the last time. You can accomplish that by dragging larger handfuls of water, letting it sit in that flour for a little bit longer, and I want it to be in and out of this water in a couple seconds to really limit the chance that it'll fall apart. Let us see... oh you bitch. At this point, I was mildly annoyed, because this is not a step where I expected to have such difficulty, so for this time, I'm going to try basically a surefire method to get some kind of pasta. I'm going to emulate this video where you whip up some eggs, use some smaller whips of liquid, in my case with a fork, and put that down into some all-purpose flour, because I'm thinking my semolina was to coarse ground, and that's why it wasn't staying together. Into the pot for our third and hopefully final attempt, and what the hell is going on here. I have never been so confused. I've watched 25 YouTube videos of people doing this flawlessly, and whenever my fresco failures hit the water, they fall apart instantly. Somebody please enlighten me down in the comments with what I might be doing wrong, but for right now we gotta keep moving. I have so much to do still, and y'all are really gonna have to bear with me because the closest pasta I could find was some mini shells. It is what it is, guys. I'm just gonna take the L and test the rest of this method. As this was supposed to be a play on carbonara, we're gonna toast up our black peppercorns, and then give them a crush. I'm gonna dice up my pancetta in nice even cubes. He uses some guanciale, but any cured pork product should work for this. And then the rest of this comes together as you would pretty much expect a carbonara too. You're gonna use some of the pasta water to make the base of that sauce. You're gonna thicken things up and bring it all together with some freshly grated pecorino and parmesan towards the end. And maybe the only thing that's not super traditional in a carbonara, besides the fact that I'm using shells, is this tempered egg yolk that we're going to bring up to temperature a little bit in some pasta water, and then lay it right on top for an extra dose of creamy richness in our pasta. Fellow Italians, I truly apologize for whatever I just created, but let's just give it a try. I haven't gotten so triggered over something so simple as a fresh pasta in a very long time. I don't know if you could tell or not. I don't know what the hell happened. I think I'm cursed or something. It would be hard for me to judge this as I would if I was actually able to complete the recipe because what did other homemade pasta, the whole texture would be different. I'm sure it would have interacted with the pasta water and the cheese a little bit differently, but this is good. I mean, it's cheesy, it's peppery. If I had some extra time, I would have messed around with the combinations of ingredients and the proportions a little bit more. Maybe I'll come back to that in the future one day, but for right now, let's just hope we have better luck with the next one. Last and clearly most today is the 20 ingredient, Chachamari tea ragu. Before I can even gather up all the ingredients I need to make the pasta and the sauce, we have to make the homemade pasta dough with some all-purpose flour and white wine, extra virgin olive oil, kosher salt, honey, active dry yeast, and warm water. I'll leave the link to this pasta dough recipe that I followed down in the description. And yes, you heard that right. This is the first pasta dough I've ever made and I've ever heard of that has leavening in it. It's not just a little bit either. It's got a decent amount of the active dry yeast that's going to be bloomed in the hot water with the white wine and honey. This came together super simply and satisfyingly and as one might expect, after you knead it up a little bit and get that gluten working, you have to rest this for at least an hour and it's actually going to rise a little bit. I'd be curious to test and uncover the advantages to disadvantages of using 11 pasta dough versus all the other options we've ever done, but that is going to be for another video. Everything else you were going to need to make the 20 ingredient pasta dish will be a bottle of red wine and panko bread crumbs, beef demi-glace and heavy cream, celery, fresh parsley, black pepper, and calabrian chilies, fennel seeds, coriander seeds, ground cumin, and tomato paste. Some ground pork and more of our pancetta, a yellow onion, a carrot, butter, the pecorino cheese, fresh thyme, fresh chives, fresh bay leaves, and our pasta dough. I'm out of breath. To be completely blunt with you all, replicating this recipe is kind of going to be hell for many reasons. I already guessed on what kind of pasta dough he uses for the homemade pasta. I have no clue what kind of wine he uses. I'm guessing it's Merlot. I have absolutely no idea how much of any one of these ingredients he uses and also how long anything cooks for too, so this is going to be interesting. I started by reducing that entire bottle of wine down to, I'd say less than 3-4 cups. Thank god I was able to find a store-bought demi-glace because that would have been another eight, nine hours, tacked onto this one. I grated up some of my vegetables, the carrot, onion, and celery. I'm going to sound like a broken record here. Who knows what proportions of these he uses or how much he uses in the final recipe. I did want to make this mixture super fine, though, so it kind of disappears in our final sauce. And I guess here goes nothing because it's time to throw all this stuff together. I only cooked this a little while ago and I was so focused and like dialed in with tunnel vision. I don't even really remember how long I left each one of these ingredients in, so let's just have a chat and watch me hopefully make this. So how you guys all doing? I hope everyone is doing well, hanging in there. Summer's coming up for... Hopefully the beer virus is on its last legs because I've had about just enough of it. And yeah, so let's check back in with cooking David, how you doing buddy? I think things are going okay. I mean everything's certainly smelling really delicious. So while that ragu was working, because you have to let it simmer and reduce for at least two hours, I started working on all the pastas, the little chachamareti, and this whole forming process of like rolling them out into little logs, cutting them up into candy sized pieces, and then rolling them in your hand, so they look like little mini moustaches. It was pretty fun and easy, surprisingly. The yield on a hand-made pasta like this will never be able to match something that comes out of a pasta maker, but it's something different. And if it comes out good, I'd recommend doing it because it's pretty therapeutic after a long day of stressfulness. These guys got blanched in some boiling water for about two minutes. Thankfully they stayed together this time and make sure to save some of that pasta water to finish off our ragu with. And speaking of, this thing has condensed so much so, it's like so dark and rich looking and it's going to get finished off with a little pat of butter melted in for some shininess, a little bit of freshly grated pecorino cheese, and then also some fresh chives that I sliced up nice and thin and then tossed in there with everything else. It has been a bit of a long day to put it lightly, but this thing looks and smells absolutely incredible. So let's give the third and final recipe a shot. Wow. Yes, I have been stuffing my face with pasta all day. Yes, I ate two other meals besides what you have seen me eat on camera, but I don't care. What the hell with this looks. I don't know what to say. I think there's more going on on this plate, flavor wise, obviously, and also texturally than anything maybe I've ever made in my entire life. It packs such a punch of savory saltiness from the pecorino cheese, the pancetta. It's got a little bit of sweetness from the wine I assume and probably the pork products. The salivatory umami quality of this is off the charts as well. And honestly, I'm trying to figure out if it's kind of teetering on that line of being too much or if it's just overload and too much for my inexperienced pea brain. It is unbelievably flavorful though and not like anything I've ever experienced before. I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did, leave me a big like. Thank you to everyone who participates on the Instagram polls. If you want to happen for the next one and you're not already following, my Instagram is right here. David underscore, see more one. Other than that, though, have a fantastic weekend and I will see you right back here next time. Peace!