 Every single year, this has to happen at least once. Let's get out of the way now. I'm sunburned. Yes, thank you. Let's move on. So this week I did something a little bit different because I'm running out of ideas a little bit. I asked you what you wanted to see the most. I picked some of the most popular responses and then let you vote on those. Now the recipe that one was actually Claire's gourmet ramen, but some of the ingredients I had to order online and my Amazon Prime that I pay for said it's going to take eight to ten days. In the meantime though, we're going to go with the recipe that came in second place, both tasty and bonapetit's version of homemade Oreos. If you've been around for a little while, you would know that I love Oreos. I'll eat them at any time in the day. I'll leave them for breakfast gladly. So I'm very excited for this one. And as you can see, they are two extremely different recipes. So I'm just going to pick which one I like better. Let's get right into this. Now what first today is going to be the simpler of the two recipes, tasty's version. And for theirs, I grabbed some sugar and some dark cocoa powder, baking soda and kosher salt, flour, a ton of unsalted butter, vanilla extract, some eggs, and some powdered sugar. Now when I first got these suggestions to do this on Instagram, I was kind of surprised that I had never done this before. I feel like it's one of those quintessential tasty recipes that everybody has seen. But I've never done it. It seems very easy. So I'm going to knock it out today. You also may be asking yourself, how is this going to be a fair comparison? After all, this tasty video is about a minute and twenty seconds while bonapetit's video is twenty minutes. And to that, I would say I definitely take into account how long it takes to make each recipe. So if bonapetit's version takes ten times the amount of effort, I'm going to factor that in. But as you are seeing, every step in this video is very straightforward. My dough came together pretty easily. I let that chill in the fridge for over an hour. I threw together my filling, which is literally just butter and sugar, mainly. It's just another one of those disturbing discoveries I've made since I've dove deeper into food the last few years. Pretty much every icing or frosting or filling is just sugar and a fat of some kind. So delicious. No one's I had my dough fully chilled and rolled out to a nice even thickness. I found that a shot glass was actually the perfect diameter. It gave a nice round edge, similar to an Oreo or a thin mint. The only important note here is try not to use much flour when you're rolling this and cutting these out. Just make sure the dough is cold, use parchment paper, because flour might stick around and ruin the look of our finished cookies. To finish these babies off, all you have to do is add a little bit of your filling, smush two cookies together, and then use a spoon or your finger to even out the outside and get a nice clean finish to these. I'm pretty confident in saying that this is an exact replica of what the video ended up looking like. So I'm very excited to give these a try. As far as video authenticity goes, I don't think there's any question. I mean, these are spot on to what I was originally going for. They smell really good too. Not like an Oreo. Maybe a chocolate graham cracker, but... So this is really good. From taste to texture, it's super chocolatey, it's not overly sweet, but as far as being an Oreo, it doesn't really have any resemblance. If I added a drop of mint extract to this cookie, it would literally be a thin mint. Like the texture to that is spot on. But again, it was incredibly simple. It took me a little to no time at all. So I'm going to keep that in mind when comparing it to the next ones. Now while tasty is definitely the underdog, up next we have the big, bad bonapetit. I grabbed some flour in baking soda, Dutch processed cocoa powder, white sugar and bread flour, cocoa butter, coconut oil, butter, powdered sugar, dark cocoa powder, kosher salt, and some light brown sugar. I know you guys might be confused about the coconut oil. I'll discuss it in a minute. For right now, I have to whip out what I have left of my two-part epoxy clay mold from the gourmet mix M&Ms I made a while ago. And honestly, thank god I had some of this leftover because none of the stores I carry it are open right now. It's for sure going to suck that I can only make three cookies at a time, but three is better than none, so I'm not going to complain too much. And then we've gone to my dry ingredients, which consisted of two different kinds of flour, two different kinds of cocoa powder, as well as the kosher salt and baking soda. I don't know why there's such a variation here or the proportions are the way they are. That's why I leave all the scientific recipe development for the professionals and that's bottom feeders just, you know, leach on of their recipes. Third, the to-do list is to make some brown butter. I've done this plenty of times before. This process is just cooking off the water in the butter, allowing some of the solids in the butter to brown and get a nice, toasty flavor. And then we also have to make sure this comes back to room temperature so we can eventually cream it with our sugars. 99% of the time you should not use melted butter in cookies. That's how you get flattened hard disks and not nicely shaped cookies with a delicate texture. The rest of this recipe came together in my stand mixer, which I was more than happy to use instead of my hands, like for the tasty version. And now here comes the most miserable part of the day. For the next two and a half to three-ish hours I was making three cookies at a time, starting in your molds you have to freeze them for at least 15 minutes until they're rock solid, pop them out of the mold and then bake them immediately for another 15 minutes until they're dry and crisp all the way through. After a while I did get in a nice rhythm even though the most I can make per hour was a dozen. And some of you might be asking why I didn't just freeze them all and then bake them all at the same time. If you do the math, it'd be the same amount of time. The cookie has to be in the mold in the freezer for 15 minutes and then it has to be baked from frozen. So freezing them all three at a time and keeping them in the freezer to bake them all at the same time wouldn't help anything. Now as far as the filling for these cookies I graded about 50 grams of cocoa butter that I had leftover from another previous gourmet makes video. And then you have to melt that down in a pot with 50 grams of coconut oil. As I've mentioned various times I am very allergic to many things, coconuts being one of them. And after years of reading your comments and doing some research I discovered that heavily refined coconut oil may be okay for people with allergies. This is a disclaimer if you have any kind of allergy do not listen to me, talk to your own doctor, I don't need any anaphylaxis episodes on my conscience, do your own research. So getting too deeply into it, supposedly when they refine the coconut oil it removes the proteins that cause the reaction. So you still could be allergic to it and it's still a big risk but technically you might be able to eat it. I guess we'll find out on live camera today. This might be my last show ever so at least I have five years worth of stupid episodes you guys can go back and binge if I don't make it. I finished up my filling with some kosher salt, powdered sugar and vanilla. You have to chill this as well. And then to finish up my cookies I used some of my circle cutters that were a little bit smaller than the diameter of the cookie and cut out my filling pieces. This is another stark contrast between the smush job that we did in the last recipe. But overall I'm ecstatic with how these came out. It looks pretty darn similar to the original Oreo cookies. In my opinion these ended up having just as much intricate detail as Claire's did so let's give these guys a shot. I know I was joking around before about the whole coconut oil thing. I am genuinely a little bit nervous. This is a first for me. Truthfully the thing that really comforted me is checking half the food I have in my house. I have to eat all the everyday items like ice creams and other snacks you would never suspect has coconut oil in it with no allergens listed. I'm just going to trust science and all the articles I've read and all your comments for the last couple years. I really hate doing this to tasty because their recipes are made to be simple, easily attainable for anybody. But this is just a next level. You get every bit of the salty, sweet bitter from the brown butter, the cocoa butter, the different kinds of cocoa powders. Strangely enough the texture is kind of the opposite of a normal Oreo. The cream is quite firm because it has the cocoa butter and coconut oil and it was refrigerated. While the cookie is very delicate like if I just took a little piece like just crumbles in your hands. But again, I feel really bad because it's not really a fair comparison. If you want something sweet and easy and fun to do, go with the tasty version. If you want an Oreo on steroids 10 times better, go with these. But you may be saying to yourself, David, just pick a winner. Is it tasty? Is it bon appetit? No. I think it's the one who gets to fulfill his childhood dreams of constructing an Oreo larger than his entire head using the scraps from both recipes and then eating every last piece of it until he gets sick and has to lay down because he has a horrible stomach ache. I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did, leave me a big like. It helps the channel. Follow me on Instagram and Twitter if you don't already. Now, next week is going to be the ramen, obviously, because that won the poll and waiting for the ingredients to come in. But let me know what you want to see after that. Down in the comments, maybe I'll just pick the most liked comment. Other than that, they'll have a fantastic weekend. I will see you right back here next time. Please.