 Today's video is sponsored by Surfshark VPN. If you couldn't already tell, I'm under the weather this week. I'm very slowly losing my voice, but you and I will power through this video together. Over on my Instagram story, I give you another four options. There are some wacky ones in there for sure, but you guys chose the 15 minutes, 50 minute, and 5 hour donuts from Tasty. Which I'm completely fine with. I always enjoy showing love to all the producers over at Tasty, but also these donuts look delicious and it's been quite a while since we've made any on the channel. I feel like I already know what my favorite is going to be by a long shot. I will save you the suspense until the end. So let's get right into this. As mentioned, we got a whole bunch of donut making to do today, but before we can begin, I want to give a huge shout out to my friends over at Surfshark VPN. Surfshark helps protect you and your data by securely connecting you to the internet, hiding your IP address, and protects your data by sending it through an encrypted tunnel. In addition to keeping your private information private, Surfshark also allows you to browse the internet without any ads, trackers, malware, or phishing attempts. And if you're a bit of a bozo like me and clicked on one of those links that you probably shouldn't have, Surfshark has you covered. And you guys know by now, I do not partner up with just anybody. So if you want to better protect yourself, click the link in the top line of the description, enter the promo code Seymour to get 83% off and an extra one month for free. Also, one of the coolest parts about this is that you can unlock blocked content on platforms like YouTube and Netflix if a show or a video isn't available in your area. So do yourself a favor, click the link in the description, head on over to Surfshark, better protect yourself and use promo code Seymour for 83% off. And now it is time for some donuts. The 15 minute version to be exact in order to make that I grabbed some flour and white sugar, ground cinnamon, and oil, a can of store bought biscuits and some kosher salt. Now as this one is the simplest of the three recipes, they basically take every short cut you possibly can to get you a decent product in a very short time. So besides the cinnamon sugar mix, literally all you have to do is cut holes out of your biscuit dough and fry it. Today I am just doing little donut holes because he does it in the video. If you don't want to waste any, you could just cut this in four quadrants and make little triangle donut pieces. Or for that matter, once you fry up your donut holes, just fry up the leftover rings and you'll have some miniature donuts. I didn't really think that far ahead when I cut them out, so they were definitely a little uneven. Still smelling delicious though, as well as these donut holes. So let's give them a taste. Without a doubt, I can say that if these are good, I will make them and eat them frequently. That took no time at all. Look how perfectly circular it is. It's like a perfect little spherical meatball. That's pretty good. It has a nice soft interior with a very crispy and flavorful exterior. I don't know if it's because I just made them and I know what it's from, but I feel like at the very end you can get notes of biscuit. Also, no, not cookies for my UK friends. I'm happy with these. I would serve these to people. We're starting off on a very solid 7.4 out of 10. Next up on our menu today are the 50-minute donuts, which I will admit I am definitely the most excited for. And for that, I grabbed some cake flour and unsalted butter, baking soda, and baking powder, kosher salt and whole milk, maple syrup. I don't care that it's fake. Let me live. Thick-cut bacon, vanilla extract, one egg, some white sugar, and some powdered sugar. So first things first with this recipe. You have to get your bacon cooked, and the reason is because once your batter is ready to go, you don't want it sitting around. You want to be able to bake it right away. You guys probably know I much rather pan-fry my bacon to get it super crispy. Our batter on the other hand is definitely a lot more work than the last recipe. This comes together in three different parts. You have your wet ingredients, your dry and your creamed butter and eggs. This whole procedure of like gradually adding your wet and dry is pretty much the same as that chocolate cake you might have seen me make a few months back. And if it's anywhere near as good as that thing, I will be very happy because that cake is freaking delicious. Another interesting part of this recipe is that A, it gets baked instead of fried. And B, we're using this donut pan obviously because otherwise it would not hold its shape. Up until now, I didn't even know you can make donuts like this. I thought this pan was kind of just like to make other foods in the shape of donuts. It's just my stupid internet viral food mind-working, I'm sure. But I popped it in the oven and in the meantime we have to make our maple glaze. This is why it doesn't matter what syrup you use. It's not cooked or anything like that. It's just mixed with powdered sugar. So use whatever your little heart desires, even if it is super artificial corn syrup with maple flavor. When my donuts were done baking, I tried to flip them out as soon as possible. I did lose one on the dismount, no biggie. I finished my second donuts with a nice dip in my maple glaze and a little sprinkle of my chopped bacon. I'm sure this is going to be a sugar overload, but I am ready for it. So let's give it a taste. So this one I had to like cool quite a bit, or else all that frosting would have just came dripping right down all the sides. If you couldn't tell my voice is just continuously leaving, the longer this video goes on. This is a weird one. I certainly have never had anything like this before, but between the ingredients, the batter, and then the interior texture, this just screams pancake in a circle, which is not really a bad thing. I never said it tasted bad. It definitely threw my brain for a loop a little bit. It's kind of just like a breakfast treat. It is incredibly sweet though. If you don't like sweet things, don't even bother. Or take all the sugar out of the batter, because the frosting alone is more than enough sugar in this one. Still, I don't hate it. I'll give it like a 7.9 out of 10. Our third and final donuts of the day are definitely going to be a marathon, not a sprint. We will be here for a while. I assembled some flour and unsalted butter, buttermilk and whole milk, cornstarch, marzipone cheese, rainbow sprinkles, dragon fruit powder, sugar, salt, instant yeast, a bunch of eggs, lemon juice, heavy cream, and vanilla extract. So this dough comes together in the stand mixer as well. The biggest difference is that it has to rise for a very long time. It's going to have two separate rises, almost two hours each time. So that's where the majority of the time for this recipe comes into play. I'm not entirely sure why he chose to use instant yeast as opposed to active dry, especially when you're letting it rise for that long. I find that very odd. I'm not sure the scientific's behind it. If any of you know, please let me know in the comments. All I know is that these better be good, because they took of me so long it felt like an eternity waiting for this dough to rise two separate times, trying to get at least six, three inch rounds cut out. It was a process to say the least. If you want to go over and see Tasty's original video, it'll of course be down in the description for you. And now I don't remember which, but during one of the rises, I worked on my pastry cream. I've made this before. I forgot what the recipe it was, but it's pretty simple. It's basically just a mix of some more milk, some sugar, some eggs and vanilla. You have to temper your eggs to make sure they don't scramble and eventually just heat the mix over a very low heat until it gets nice and thick and then you can refrigerate it for a couple hours until you're ready to use it. I would most closely compare it to a Boston cream filling if you ever had that. So if you are a fan of that, this is how you make it at home. We also have to make a homemade pink frosting. With a few ingredients I have never used before. This pink dragon fruit powder is definitely a new one. I had to order this online a few days ago and the mascarpone cheese is a ingredient I'm familiar with. I just don't think I've ever used it in a video. I say that you would think I've never used it before because I whipped this thing so damn hard. It created curdles. Apparently I'm trying to make butter not frosting. I only had one container of that cheese so I read somewhere that if you lightly heat it on a double boiler it might come back together and that was just bullshit because clearly that didn't work. It made it worse. As a result at about 11 p.m. I ran out and got another container of mascarpone cheese and threw it together this time whipped it for about a minute or two. Comment and think of it that recipe said to whip this for five or six minutes so whoever wrote that you're wrong. Nobody listen. Moving on I'm going to use the same oil from earlier to fry our donuts in because it was barely used anyway so I figured why not. The first one definitely got a little bit too dark but it's no biggie. I got plenty more and the next few turned out pretty darn good. As I was trying to fill these with my pastry cream I noticed they definitely weren't as risen as the video but I wasn't exactly mad at that either. They kind of look more like it donut you'd buy in the store so I'm not upset by it. I just hope it's not too dense in the end. I cannot wait to see how this one stacks up against the first two that we have made so all that's left to do is give it a taste. It has been an excruciatingly long day and it all comes down to this. Appearance and color wise is on point. You got the nice custard bursting out, a nice golden brown fry and a perfectly pink top. Oh god. Hold on. It's definitely not bad but it's not good either. Clearly I miss the middle with the custard. That's my fault but it's very dense. It's more like a bread than a donut. I don't know if it didn't rise. Maybe I overworked the dough. That's why I hate using packets of any kind of yeast especially rapid rise yeast. I always use the jar and never have problems. The packets, they're temperamental. With that being said though I think the biggest letdown is the frosting. It doesn't really taste like much of anything. There's only two tablespoons of sugar in there. It could have used maybe two or three times that amount. The custard filling is pretty good though. I could just eat that with the spoon. The rest of this I don't know. Unless I screwed up majorly along the way. I don't think it's worth the time with this one. Either of the other two definitely are, give those a shot but definitely skip this one. I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did it leave me a big old like again. I apologize for my rasp today. I should be back to normal next week. If you've already followed me on Instagram and Twitter the links are down in the description. Thank you again to Surfshark VPN. Don't forget to click their link in the description. Other than I have a fantastic weekend I will see you right back here next time. Peace.