 What is going on my peeps welcome back to a brand new video a couple quick announcements for you before we get into this one. Firstly my PO box address is right here I'm gonna do a mail vlog in about a week or two so if you wanna send me stuff quickly do it and it will get in the video hopefully. Number two I can finally formally announce now that it is August 4th or 5th whenever I post this. That August is going to be the month of retries. It was really ironic because on last week's video all the top comments seem to be you guys ask me to redo the jiggly Japanese cheesecake so I figured we could start the month off with that. But every single video this entire month is gonna be redo of past videos DIYs or Buzzfeed tests that I have failed epically at so go back watch through some of my older videos suggest some failures to me and hopefully I'll be able to turn some of them around and make them into actual edible things. Like I said this week we're starting with the Japanese cheesecake except we're not doing tasties version. They had their chance and from the looks of their comments the comments on other people's videos like I was not the only one to fail at this my girl Vivian tried it hers came out terrible too I think Buzzfeed has had their attempts so after scouring the internet for what looked like the best other recipes I found this one from the blog craft passion it looks a whole lot better easier and uses a lot less eggs so let's give that one a try. Now unfortunately for us in the blog all of the ingredients are in grams so after about an hour of doing some conversions I figured out all the necessary ingredients and measurements and I started with some cornstarch and only six eggs a stick of butter some milk and salt some fine caster sugar cream of tartar a lemon some flour and yeah we are going to need some of this. And you know what let's just get that out of the way first I basically just chopped that up put into a metal bowl and then put that bowl into a larger bowl with some boiling water to allow that to soften up. There will be no cream cheese destruction on this video I'm focused on this recipe. Now step number two calls for a half a lemon so I figured that this small lemon would be perfect. I first zested the entire outside cut it in half and try to get as much juice out of that as possible you need about a tablespoon. Next up we have to separate some eggs thankfully for us we only have to do six today and not over a dozen like previously. And right here is where this recipe deviates a little bit from bus feeds. Once your cream cheese has come down to room temperature and you could whisk it really easy like this you're going to slowly add in your egg yolks mixing thoroughly between every single one and then add in about half of your sugar which I think was about 75 grams. But just as they did in their video I just kind of eyeballed half of what I had. Next up I took a little bit less than a half cup of whole milk through in about a half stick of butter put it in the microwave until it was able to melt down like this and then slowly add that into our egg mix as to not cook the eggs. And so far so good guys. Next up I added in a little bit of salt about a tablespoon of that fresh lemon juice. All of the lemon zest that I had and again mixed that all throughout. Now right directly into the bowl I sifted out both my flour and cornstarch and then combined that into the mix. And at this point it kind of had the same feeling as a pancake mix it has similar ingredients to that too. But it is looking exactly like it did in their video so I'm going to set it aside for now. I then moved on to the next step that sometimes keeps me up at night and that was whipping up these egg whites. I don't know why I seem to be so bad at this I either overbeat them horribly or I just never seem to get to that soft peak texture. I don't know but this time it actually seemed to work slightly probably because it was only six eggs as opposed to 13. So once I had both the cream of tartar the rest of the sugar and I had those soft peaks form I slowly added that into my original egg mix. Very lightly whisking them through because in every other video that I watched they actually used a whisk for this point as opposed to a spatula and just folding it in. And once that is all combined this batter is pretty much ready to go. So back over to my countertop so I can show you how I literally went out and spent $40 on these brand new pans as opposed to the springform pan that I used last time. I'm going to use the 8 inch wide for the actual cake and then the 12 inch wide for the hot boiling water bath. Now I noticed that this thing was floating on top of the water I don't know if it was in their video as well. I'm hoping that won't cause a problem but I threw that into a 390 degree oven for 18 minutes and then turned it down five degrees and left it in there for another 30 minutes. You then have to turn the oven off leave it in for another 30 minutes to cool then take the water bath out open the door a little bit. It's a long cooling process but I followed it exactly and we got to here. It seemed to be rising successfully while it was cooking but in the 30 minutes of cooling time it is just completely flattened down again. Either I'm just unlucky or I'm just incompetent it actually is probably just both. Now the only positive I have about this is that there's no line like where you could see the egg go from cake. Like it's kind of all slightly airy throughout like very similar it's just didn't rise. Now the reason I say that is because not only in BuzzFeed's video but every other recipe on YouTube you can literally see the line where the scrambled egg at the bottom stops and then the cake starts like in everyone's video. Even the ones that rose properly so I don't know if that's supposed to be like that way I guess it is but I will say this does seem very light and not dense. So now this definitely tastes a lot better than the first attempt but it still has that like it literally feels like a kitchen sponge. Look it kind of it kind of looks like one too honestly it's got the same little grooves in there. Maybe I should use this for my my countertops. The taste is definitely an upgrade though I'm not going to lie about that. Tarn I was hoping that this retry month was going to start a little bit better than this but I'll give this a seven out of ten. You know what? No this is retry month and that is not going to cut it. I have a little bit of batter left over. Let me see if I can repurpose this to make something even better that I saw in the comments. Let me just quickly grab my small frying pan and throw some butter in there and make nice little jiggly Japanese pancakes. Now this right here ladies and gentlemen is called innovation this is what I'm talking about they look delicious. If this video is a failure I think we can now call it saved. We don't have many people are going to make fun of me for eating pancakes for the spoon. Let's go pancake though. But I hope you guys enjoyed the first retry of this month. If you did smash the like on this video it always helps out. Obviously you guys gotta let me know of more videos that you want me to retry so let me know down in the comments or tweet them at me. As always I hope you have an awesome rest of your week and I'll see you right back here for the next video.