 What's going on, peeps? Welcome back to the first video of this week and unfortunately for me, the last video as a 20 year old. Excuse me while I drown in my own tears. It's all downhill from here folks. I'm officially out of my prime, but let's just stop talking about it. I do have a very special video planned for my birthday coming up this week. Something I've definitely never done on this channel before and it kind of corresponds with my birthday, so I'll leave you the surprise. But until then, we do have a recipe to get into this week. I'm going to be trying out the Korean barbecue style bulgogi. If I'm pronouncing that correctly, I'm probably going to get slaughtered by all of you guys for pronouncing that terribly wrong. But go easy on me, right? I'm a New Yorker. We like that pepperoni pizza. I'm just Jesus Christ. I'm friggin' embarrassing myself today. Allow me to save myself from any further public humiliation. Let's just get it to this recipe. Now there are quite a few ingredients. How you're going to need to go out and grab if you want to recreate this dish. Consisting of some vegetable or canola oil, some salt and pepper, soy sauce, some sesame oil, some brown sugar. If you haven't already noticed, I forgot what order I put the ingredients out of my countertop, but you see them all right there. Most importantly though, the star of the show, the ribeye steak. Now before we cook anything, I want to make sure I got all this stuff prepped up because you know, I plan ahead of time. I began by cutting my onion in half, and with one of the halves I chopped up into big chunks, which are going to be blended down in a bit, so it doesn't really matter how big or small you cut them, and put those to the side, and then with the other half, slice them in really thin strips. These are going to be included with the marinade directly on our steak. I then grabbed a couple of cloves of garlic, and all you have to do is peel them. Don't crush them or mince them or anything. These are going to be blended as well. You also need a half of a pear. I took all the skin off first and tried to cut the seeds in the middle out, and got that cut up into some nice big chunks. Then your spring onion, which this is technically a green onion, I know, I think it's close enough, which again only needs a rough chop. I then measured out three tablespoons of brown sugar, 80 milliliters, or about a third of a cup of soy sauce, three tablespoons of sesame oil, and you pretty much have everything you need to make the marinade. In that same order, I loaded up all of those ingredients into my blender and gave that a good mix for about 25 to 30-ish seconds, or until you get a really nice, thick, baby diarrhea consistency puree. Come on, it's been a while since we had a disgusting comparison. We were due for one. And now that I have that image embedded in all of your heads, we can move on to our steak. I threw that out onto the cutting board. And then with the sharp knife, tried to cut them in really thin strips. I know I need a knife. This thing is dull as heck. I might as well have just shredded off this thing in the frickin blender because these really didn't come out in strips at all, but you know, life goes on. Actually, now that I think about it, these strips are pretty good representation of my upload schedule. Lacking consistency is a good description. By the way, I don't know what happened here. My camera kind of cut out a little bit and didn't record the parts where I combine everything in the bowl, but basically I just threw in the steak, the marinade, and the slices of onions and mixed it around. You didn't really miss much. But once you mixed all the steak thoroughly through, you covered that in some plastic wrap and throw it in the fridge for 30 to 40 minutes. In the meantime, we can go over to my stove so I can show you how I finally stopped being so cheap and bought myself a nice cast iron skillet. The amount of recipes I could have used this thing for in the past just blows my mind. I don't know why I chose now to buy it. But just like the producers of Moonlight at the Oscars would tell you, better late than never. We lost by the way, but you know. But moving right along, once your cast iron pan is really, really hot with that canola oil, throw on your steak and give that a nice sear, tossing it around a couple times, letting the sauce really thicken up. And I would say that this really does not need long at all considering how hot this pan is. So I left my non for about seven or eight minutes, took it off and started to plate it up. I threw down all of that steak onto my plate. Some of last nights left over rice from Taco Knight. Shout out to you mom. Thank you for cooking. As you could see, the taco meat oil still stuck on the white rice. And I attempted to make it look a little better with some chopped up green onion and some sesame seeds. Oh, you're saying it still looks like garbage? Oh, okay. I understand. Now I tried to make myself a little individual version and it looks a little bit better in this bowl, I'd say. It still has some of that a taco grease in there. My whole house smells like this steak right now. So I've been dying to try it. I think I need one more. Now I don't think I've ever had any dish similar to this or any Korean barbecue style food. So I'm going to do my best to judge this. The flavor of that marinade and onions is like eight plus. The steak is super, super tender and just like saturated with that really, really good flavor. It's not overly salty or anything like that. I will say I'm not in love with the um, consistency of it a little. Some of the onions and the marinade kind of has this like coagulatory property. Is that a word? It's a little like, gloopy with the mouth feel. But it's not bad. Again though, the flavor of this is like so good. It might be that it's supposed to have that consistency though. Again, I've never really had any dishes like this before. So I'm not really honest judge. I'd say I give it an eight out of ten. I definitely wouldn't make it and eat it again for a meal. Good job. But I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did smash that like button for me. It really helps out a lot. Hit that subscribe button if you're new around here. And like I said at the beginning of the video, new video coming out probably on Saturday. I'd say in order to keep my streak alive and to keep my hair brown. But until then have an awesome rest of your week and I'll see you right back you