 This just might be the saddest thing I've ever done. Well, that just looks really plain now. But what is going on my peeps? Welcome back to another BuzzFeed test. Happy November. I really do feel like October is kind of flew by quicker than any month so far this year. Some of you agreed actually. But I really hope it slows down for December because that's the best. That was my favorite. Today though, we're trying out something that you guys really wanted me to try ever since I got my blow torch from this video and it is the Lemon Maren cupcakes. I have never made any type of dessert like this in my life so sure it'll give you pastry chefs out there. Go to the left. Let's get right into it. So unlike the raindrop cake where we only needed three ingredients, it was super simple. This is probably the polar opposite. I grabbed some sugar and salt, some baking powder and vanilla extract, a ton of flour, some milk, two sticks of butter and a bunch of eggs fresh from my friend Lindsay's backyard. Thank you to her for letting me use them but more importantly, thank you to Phyllis, her mother. You're much more important. I can not help myself. Balechers get into it so I'm going to get out of the way what I'm least looking forward to here. Juicing a bunch of lemons. For this recipe you need about a cup of lemon juice in total. That equals about six lemons. So I spend to solid 25 to 30 minutes rolling each one of these out, cutting them in half and juicing them if you have any type of cut or scrape in your hand that lemon juice feels just fantastic there. After a while it starts to irritate your fingers and get onto your nails so it's just a great time overall. I also have zested one of these because you need about a tablespoon for the lemon curd that we're going to make towards the end. But right now we're going to start with the actual cupcake batter. So two sticks of unsalted softened butter. I gave those a good mix and right here we have another famous tasty goof. In the video it says two cups of sugar while in the description it says one and a half. I feel like they're messing with me at this point. It can't be unaccident. I went right in the middle of the two and did one and three quarters of a cup. It'll probably throw everything off. No big deal. But once I had those two ingredients creamed together I slowly added in my four eggs one at a time. I slowly mixing in between each one until I got right to about here. Now we can begin with the dry ingredients. So two and a half cups of flour sifting each one of those individual cups out along with two teaspoons of baking powder and then just a little sprinkle of that salt. And again we can go right back to this with our hand mixer at medium speed until everything looks like it's mixed in. Next up is our vanilla extract which we're going to add two teaspoons of and mix one more time. A half cup of milk which seems like a lot but I'm going to go with it and then we can finish it off with a half cup of our freshly squeezed lemon juice. I would say the consistency of my batter is a bit off from what tasty looks like in their video with my luck it's probably the sugar so I set up my cupcake tray first with these worn out older cups which we're not fitting in the actual mold. So I got these Halloween ones. No big deal. It's only a couple days late and they ended up fitting a lot better. So I put about a half cup of batter in each one of those and this right here is where I am very perplexed. It says 325 degree oven for 12 to 15 minutes. What kind of cupcakes cook at that low of a temperature that quickly? Now after 15 minutes I checked them. They had it in rows. They were still pretty flat and the toothpick was not coming out clean so I left them for about 25 minutes and I'm just praying these are going to come out somewhat okay. And while those are cooling we can begin to work on everything else. First up is the lemon curd. You got to start with our remaining 6 eggs and separate the yolks from the whites. After 2 and 3 I was doing beautifully these yolks are looking great. I got to the sixth one and... Oh oh oh oh oh oh great! You f*** son of a... I was furious. Now hear me out for a second. I know this has happened in the past but in Tasty's video they actually broke 2 of their yolks and still used it and obviously it still came out okay. So I tried to fish out the broken yolk and I cracked one more of my eggs and I'm hoping praying that this is going to work. You could then throw a full cup of white sugar in both the yolks and the whites and then pop our bowl of yolks onto a boiling pot of water over on my stove that I put on a little bit ago. Mix that together until the bowl heats up and the sugar all dissolves and then add in the remaining of your half cup of lemon juice, your tablespoon of lemon zest and give this mixture about 10 to 12 minutes to kind of thicken up and all come together. After that you can add in 6 tablespoons of butter and once that butter melts down completely and everything is looking smooth and delicious like this you can take it off of the water, throw some plastic wrap on the top so it doesn't develop a film and then leave it in the fridge to set while we work on the egg whites. They're actually going to put that egg white and sugar mixture right on the same pot of water. This time not adding anything to the mix just letting the heat from the water kind of dissolve all that sugar and once that's done just add a teaspoon of cream of tartar and go to absolute work with your hand mixer. About 10 minutes in we kind of got to this frothy kind of loose egg white mix. About 10 minutes in we arrived to this marshmallow fluff consistency and approximately 18 minutes of straight mixing later I think we might have what we're looking for. So let's try to throw all this mess together. I took a few cupcakes and tried to poke holes with a icing tip. I kind of just pushed the excess cake down to the bottom. I spooned in a little bit of my lemon curd, what seems to not be set fully. Either way I just tried to throw the egg white mix in a piping bag and then finished holding off with that. I was able to use my torch that I just bought to kind of brulee the whole top of these and give it a little bit of a nicer look. So now we can finally give these things a try. It actually doesn't look too terrible I won't lie. I think you guys do need to see the inside when I cut into it though. It's only fair. Oh boy. Wow that is kind of dense. Ooh. Preciseously how I kind of assumed it would look, not bad. I'm gonna try to get everything in one bite here. The cake, the inside and the top. What do you call that? The meringue? Is that the meringue? There's a lot of things going on here. Not all of which are great. I'm pretty sure the top is the best part. It's like a very light whipped cream kind of the middle, the lemon curd. I know it's lemon so this is kind of a dumb question to ask. Is it supposed to be this sour? Also, the middle is dry as can be and it's very very dense. So I do feel like it's not even cooked all the way. This might just be one of those where I haven't eaten a properly made one and often my life to know how this compares. But between some of the measurements being wrong, that cooking time being absurd. I think they might have to go back and review this one a little bit so I'm gonna give it like a four out of ten. But I hope you guys enjoyed today's BuzzFeed test. If you did leave me a like. Follow me on Twitter, Instagram, subscribe if you're new, all the good stuff. And I've seen a lot of you asking me to do two videos a week more and don't think just because it's not October, I'm not gonna do it. I'll do it a few weeks here and there and just not every single week. I need a little bit of a break. But I hope you guys have a great weekend and I'll see you guys next time.