 What's going on guys and welcome back to this week's Buzzfeed Test. Now we have a little bit of a streak going here, the chocolate covered ice cream bites, the cake in the egg, the pizza cones. All the recipes of the last three weeks have turned out pretty dang good, but let's see how long that track continues because I don't expect it to last very long. But anyway if any of you guys are subscribed to the Buzzfeed Food Channel you might have seen that I commented on the last video and gave you guys a little bit of a hint of what I was going to do. And by the responses on that comment I'm pretty sure a ton of you already know. Enough of those of you who don't, I'm going to be doing the Magic Chocolate Bomb Sunday. Now this recipe is a little bit different from all the stuff I've done. This is more about the presentation and the act of uncovering your food instead of actually cooking something and seeing how it tastes. So this one's pretty much going to be closer to a DIY. Either way, let's get right into it. Alright guys, to begin this project the first and most important thing you're going to need is a mold. In the video they used a plastic ornament but for the life of me I could not find one similar to that. I checked all the craft stores and they were just nowhere to be found. What I did find though was this weird lollipop Easter gift thing that looks like it could work. So I popped that open, removed the lollipops and this little styrofoam piece. And here we go. This thing looks like it could work. So the next thing you got to do is grab yourself some white chocolate. I did half chips and half multiples because I think that'll make it a little bit easier. And melt those down in the microwave. Now you're going to throw that mix into your mold, close it up and start rolling it around until you get a good coating. I also threw a rubber band around the mold so make sure it doesn't pop open and then took that and throw that in the freezer for 30 minutes. I actually ended up giving it 45 minutes to make sure it was set and when I took it out I tried to very carefully pop it open and nope, not a chance. It shattered in a bunch of pieces and you could see it just wasn't thick enough in some spots. Maybe it was the chocolate I used, maybe it was the way I coated it, maybe it was the mold. Luckily for us at the same store that I got the lollipop thing from I also got this massive Easter egg mold that was filled with a bunch of smaller Easter eggs. So I tried to pop that open. And then I grabbed the whole pound of chocolate. I melted that all down in the microwave and then through that inside my massive mold, close that up and coated the inside again. Let's pray to God this one comes out better than the last one. Also to ensure that it didn't pop open I covered the outside in some electrical tape. I tried to take every precaution here and then through that one in the freezer for a full hour. Once I was sure that it was frozen solid I took it back out, caught up the tape and very carefully tried to pop it open with the knife and it just didn't want to come open at first until... Wow. Yup. There you go. There was not a shot of this one staying together. Now that I am two and a half hours into this project before I put my fist through this countertop I called it a night and waited until the next day. Alright, it's new day. Feeling confident, let's see if we can get this thing to work. I first took the white chocolate scraps from the smaller mold from yesterday and added some more chocolate to make sure it was going to be thick enough around all the sides. I melted that all together through that into the mold again and it looks like this one has a really really nice coating on the inside. I once again threw it into the freezer for 45 minutes to an hour. I took it out and this time ran it under some hot water first thinking that it would let the chocolate come out a little bit easier. Now I'm more precise than a brain surgeon. I've removed the rubber band and very carefully tried to pop this open with a knife and then wonderful. We are now 0 for 3 on this project. You know what? No, here's your brownies. There's some vanilla ice cream. Here's a piece of the white chocolate and there's your chocolate sauce and here you go. Happy Easter. I'm starting to understand why Robin Carrin sometimes goes so crazy over these DIY projects. What if you guys like today's video? Please smash that thumbs up for me and I think my stress deserves one. Sorry about what I've failed video this is. This is probably the worst one I've done yet but they can't all be good I guess. As always if you guys have any more suggestions for recipes I haven't tried yet, tweet a mat me, leave them down in the comments, tag me on Instagram, do what you gotta do. Other than that, I'll see you right back here next Thursday and have an absolutely awesome rest of your week. Peats! Look at this mess. I'm gonna start having to get my blood pressure checked from these damn videos.