 What's going on everyone? Welcome back to another BuzzFeed test. We're gonna call this 24.5 since as you saw in the title, I'm retrying this stupid recipe. There was just too many of you calling for my head on a save class week for me to not do this again and as much as I didn't want to, I'm going to. But this time it's gonna happen. I'm gonna take all your comments and stuff I've read in articles on the internet into account and try to test every single variable. So let's get started. Alright so a lot of people's biggest complaints last week was that I didn't have the same molds as BuzzFeed had and listen I went out again this week probably to every craft store within 50 miles of my house and nobody had it. I wouldn't kept telling me that they either never have it or it's just not the season for it and considering it's now March the best thing I could find was these egg molds. So I bought quite a few of them and this is how they're gonna break down. All of the purple eggs are gonna have a coating of nonstick spray while all the multicolored ones appear will not. I also have three different types of chocolate to use. Some white chocolate candy melts, some milk chocolate candy melts and just some straight up milk chocolate chips. So let's grab some labels and start labeling these up. The two on the left are gonna be the white chocolate candy melts. Obviously the purple ones gonna have the nonstick spray. The two in the middle are just gonna be some normal milk chocolate chips. I'm expecting these to come out the worst and the final two on the right are gonna be milk chocolate candy melts. No MC to him does not stand for mancrush Monday. Even though I already know that I'm gonna be all yours on Monday. So let's start with the white melts. A huge complaint you guys had was that I microwaved the chocolate rather than tempering it in a double boiler. So I assembled a nice ratchet double boiler out of what I had. Got the water up to a boil. Once it's boiling then you turn the heat down and allow the water to simmer. Then you're gonna put a heat safe bowl on top of that and you pretty much have your double boiler. So I threw two thirds of the white chocolate that I was going to use into the bowl and allowed that to slowly melt down for a couple minutes. Once your chocolate looks nice and smooth and silky you're gonna take it off of the heat and then add in the rest of your chocolate. You're gonna allow the heat from the melted chocolate and the bowl to melt those and you're gonna be left with this nice smooth chocolate mix. So we're going to grab our two molds give the purple one a nice coating in nonstick spray and then throw a few tablespoons of chocolate in each one. I then take the sides of the molds just to make sure that they don't pop open and slowly and carefully coated the inside. Almost immediately I realized how much easier this one was to coat than the one I did last week. Things are looking up. Now that those are both coated we are going to throw those in the freezer for about a half hour. Next up we got our milk chocolate candy melts so we're going to repeat the same exact process. Now let's some chocolate down over your double boiler then throw some more in get it nice and silky smooth. If you're anything like me you may find resisting the urge of shoving your face with chocolate during this entire process very difficult. Good luck with that. Lightly spray your purple mold and then throw a few tablespoons of chocolate in each one of those and coat them up as well. Again these are a lot easier to coat than they were last week and you're going to throw those in the freezer right alongside your white chocolate. Alright last but not least we're going to just do some straight up milk chocolate chips so melt those down the same exact way. These are going to take a couple extra minutes to melt that is looking good just like that. Now take your last two molds spray one of them divide your chocolate in each mold and then coat them. Things are moving a little bit too easily at this point I'm expecting it all to crash and burn soon and just add those in the freezer with all the other ones. A lot of you guys also suggested that I turn the mold every couple minutes in the freezer so I did that about two or three times during the 30 minutes they were in there and finally took them all out. Here we are and we are going to attempt to pop these suckers open. Alright ladies and gentlemen the time has come as scared as I am we have to do it. I'm going to go with the no sprayed one first. Can I get a drum roll editor? I'm talking as if I'm not the one who edits these videos. So hair. I got the top off but now the bottom doesn't want to move. Oh boy trying to carefully peel. So not only is there a new found crack in the top which I did not do it was there but my finger has now gone right through it. Oh for one. Same kind of chocolate let's see if the spray had any effect on it. Alright so once again I got the top removed. There's a crack before I even tried to get to the bottom. Alright before I break this even more I'm going to attempt to put the bottom a little bit of hot water. One eternity later. Oh my god I don't understand why this is so difficult. I don't want to come out of the bottom for anything but the heat for my hand just broke the top. Oh for two. Alright how about some milk chocolate multiples. Now that I'm already 100 times more frustrated than last week. Okay as we've learned that is the easy part. This is the impossible part. What else can I do? Alright so I just shaved around where the lip is. Maybe there's a glimmer of hope that this thing will pop out. I just got so excited for absolutely no reason at all. So now the water just made the chocolate too soft and it's all mushy. Alright this is number four. The milk chocolate multiples with cooking spray. I would be happy if there wasn't like four holes in it and I have a very odd feeling that that is the closest we're going to get. Alright guys this is our last hope. These are milk chocolate chips. Shaved a little chocolate off. Spent a couple minutes trying to get this and no. And I was right. Let's reassemble what we had last week with some brownie, some ice cream. Wow that mold's looking great. And tap it all off with some nice hot white chocolate sauce. And there it is. So happy I spent another 50 bucks to redo this video. If you liked today's video guys and I first ever retry of a failure please smash the thumbs up for me. Let's shoot for four thousand today. As always if you guys have any more suggestions for stuff I have not tried yet that you want me to try. Leave it right down in the comments and have an absolutely awesome rest of your week. See you right back here next Thursday. Peace!