 February 25th, 2016. I attempted for the first ever time to do the magic chocolate ball video. I could not find the same ornament that they had so I first used this stupid looking lollipop container. Failed completely. For some reason I then thought of using this two foot tall Easter egg mold. Not sure what exactly I was thinking there. Needless to say that failed miserably as well. For the third and final attempt of video number one, I went back to the lollipop container coated it with some nonstick spray. Try it for a second time and absolutely positively know. March 3rd, 2016. For the first time ever I retried one of my failed videos because it was such a catastrophic fail. I tried three different types of chocolates. I tried doing half of them with nonstick spray. I tried multiple chocolate chips. I tried a double boiler and absolutely not. Friday, August 18th, 2017 for some reason. I'm doing this again. But what is going on my peeps? Welcome back to the third video in this retry month. I knew at the very beginning when I started this there was absolutely no way I wasn't going to be able to not do this. So here we are. But this time I took the liberty to pre-order off of Amazon the exact or so I thought. Clear plastic ornament that tasty used in their video. You guys suggested it to me in the comments. Thank you for that. So let's just start right now. I opened up the package and you have to be joking. This thing is as big as my head. It's 140 millimeters. I thought that was small. This is about three times the size of the one they use in their video. I have to be like cursed or something with this. But I bought them. I waited three days. They are here. So let's just give them a try. I first started with this time. I'm going with the straight black candy melts. I'm sorry. I know this is fake chocolate but from my past experiences my past trauma I'm just going to go with this. I'm sorry. In the microwave I melted down what I thought would be enough to cover the mold. So once I poured it in, I threw some tape around the edges and rolled it over. I think it was around this moment where the realization of what I was actually doing set in many nightmares were had about those past videos. But we're going to be positive today. I popped it in the fridge. I left it for an hour. In the meantime prepared my sauce since I'm using black candy melts. I'm going to use some white chocolate and a little bit of whole milk for the sauce on top. Just basically inverting the colors that BuzzFeed used in theirs. And here we go. So I carefully removed the tape first. And then just like the second video I did, the top half pops off easy. I don't like understand why. It has to be just how the grooves align and how the chocolate sets in the groove. And once again I spent the next 15 to 20 minutes of my life trying to pry out the bottom without cracking the whole thing in my hand. As you can see eventually there was a crack that appeared. So I just figured since I'm going to have to make a hole in the bottom anyway, I've poked my thumb through and tried to pry it out that way. And no. But at long last, the after-rightsucker knife and kind of scraped around really carefully around the edges and tried to separate the chocolate from the plastic. Oh my god. The time has come. This actually worked. But you know what? I'm not even going to jinx it. I grabbed a plate. I grabbed some squares of chocolate chip cookie that I had. Some coffee ice cream on top of that. And then with the hot spoon, I tried to flatten out the... You know what? This is taking too long. I'm not even going to bother with that. I took this plate and heated it up in the microwave with some water on top. I dried it off. And carefully just like Tasty did made that hole in the bottom so it can go over our dessert. Actually I never thought I'd see the day where I got to this point. When I topped it on my dessert, I even added some white icing drizzles just to make it a little bit nicer. It didn't even work. And then the hot chocolate ganache on top of that. Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, after over a year, even though it took two cups of this ganache to even melt through the bottom, I have absolutely accomplished the impossible. It kind of sort of worked. I am more than satisfied with this. Hallelujah. Praise the YouTube gods. Now, I already know that you're all salty that I finally accomplished this. And you're probably going to suggest to me something that I failed worse or something I've never even tried before. Um... Who is that? Hold on. Hold on one second. But I hope you guys enjoyed today's Buzzfeed test, a third retry of the month if you did slap a like on this. Can we hit 6,000 on this one? I don't know if we've hit that yet this month. Other than that, I hope you have an awesome rest of your week. Suggest me some more recipes that I've failed in the past that you think I should retry before the month ends.