 What's going on guys welcome back to BuzzFeed Test number three today We're filming in my grandmother's kitchen. Can I get a shout out over there Grammy? Just say hi and I'm going to be helped by these two special guests. Can you say your names? Julia out there if you watched the video a couple weeks ago when we tried to do the food challenge and I messed up it was all my fault They're upset so they're in another one. I made a great This week we're going to be trying the microwavable desserts as suggested by Haley. So thank you. Thank you Haley Thank you Haley This is like just in their video. You're the best. She's the best I know right we're gonna try to out of the five because if we tried all five we'd be here forever and Let's stop yapping and start cooking All right guys, let's first start with this chocolate chip cookie for that you will need sugar chocolate chips flour butter one egg Salt vanilla extract and dark brown sugar So you're first going to grab yourself a microwave safe mug and then in there throw in a pinch of salt one egg yolk A tablespoon of dark brown sugar a tablespoon of regular sugar and then mix that all up as best you can Next you're going to throw in a tablespoon of melted butter Three drops of vanilla extract a little less than a quarter cup of flour and then two big tablespoons of chocolate chips Once you get mixed that up until your arms start turning put that aside and grab yourself another mug Next we're going to try a cinnamon bun cake and for that you're going to need flour again vegetable oil brown sugar nutmeg vanilla extract apple sauce Ground cinnamon and it calls for butter milk, but we're going to use half and half salt and baking powder In your mug you're going to throw in a pinch of salt a quarter of a teaspoon of baking powder and right here My camera turned off as I was putting in the half and half but you're going to do a tablespoon of that Then some ground cinnamon a dash of nutmeg two and a half tablespoons of brown sugar a little more than a quarter of a Couple flour one tablespoon of vegetable oil a quarter of a teaspoon of vanilla extract and finally two tablespoons of apple sauce and Mix this one thoroughly until everything looks like it's combined now Let's take these two over to the microwave We put the chocolate chip cookie in for about 50 seconds and we're going to put this one in for about a minute and Perfect So we've cut them in quarters the consistency resembles a kitchen sponge and Hardening cement there's some low expectations here, but let's try them anyone Chocolate chip cookie microwave dessert ready Better than I expected oh Wait It's not dry doesn't taste like it's cookie. I guess I was expecting it to be so bad that it that first tastes it okay And then what happens It's all right. It's not disgusting. It's dry I am expecting this one to be better than we tried this We could but I am not there is certainly room for it to be worse Let's hope three two one What the heck man This is horrible. Okay If you've ever made like a pasta dough and eat an eyebrow That's that's what I'm getting here raw like egg look I you can literally like form it and make things out of it. It's like play-doh. Yeah We substituted the buttermilk for half and half and it was a little bit But that could have made a little bit of difference everything else we followed exact so either that threw it everything up or Buzzfeed needs to reevaluate their recipes scale up one to ten of how easy it was to make I Okay, I would agree it takes a minute in the microwave which is nothing and what 15 minutes to mix all together and that was mainly because we were reaching around the camera so Good in that department overall everything on how long it took You know how easy was to make taste everything what would you rate this out of ten? Good That's good. They're generous because I'm doing this like a four and a half It's not something I ever would make again ever hope you guys enjoyed this week's video if you did do what We need more ideas because I've only seen a few I've seen a bus video that you want us to try to recreate let us know We have a special shout out that Julia would like to do before we leave you guys this week This is shout out to my friend Maya Thank you. I see your comments all the time don't think I don't and we'll get you in a video eventually Here's a hamburger on ten. Okay, let's end the video. I hope you guys enjoyed this video I'll see you right back here next week again. Peace. This is madness. Bye guys. Bye