 God almighty, I need a haircut. Give me one more week like this, I'll be looking like Jimmy Neutron before you know it. Recently I've been told that I'm lacking energy and I'm not as excited as I used to be in my videos. Let's go. Got this. All right, I'm not ready. What's going on? And welcome back to another video. Half of the viewers already clicked away. But what's going on guys, I hope your fall is going well so far. It is mid-October and like I said last month I kind of wanted to stay on the fall type theme of everything. And I don't know about where you guys live but where I live in New York, fall is all about Apple picking. You know what they say? What's better than going to the Apple farm, getting covered in poison ivy and spending three times the amount you would in a grocery store? I'm just kidding, it still really is fun. We go every single year so I can't hate on it too much. But last week I did of course go with a couple friends, pick myself some fresh apples specifically for this video. Today we're going to be trying out the mini vanilla apple strudels and they look banging so let's get started. So guys if you want to make this recipe some stuff that you're going to have to pick up is some sugar, some puff pastry dough, whole milk, some heavy whipping cream, some vanilla pudding mix that is not instant, lemon juice, three apples, water and an egg. And for us step number one is going to be preparing our apples. I grabbed my peeler and one by one began peeling all this game off of each apple. Then I just sliced each one of them up and cut them down into about quarter inch cubes. Do your best to cut all of them down to about the same size because then they will have the same cooking time. You can then transfer those over into a bowl along with two tablespoons of lemon juice, four tablespoons of sugar, and optional is a half cup of almonds which obviously I will not be including in mine. I'm also choosing to not force myself to try to find substitutes for almonds again. We all know how that went the first time. But once I gave the apples a thorough mixing in the sugar and lemon juice I threw those over to the side and grabbed my puff pastry dough. You want to make sure you have some flour down on a clean surface so it doesn't stick and roll it out to about double of its size. Just make sure you don't go too thin so it doesn't rip too easily. You can then divide that up into three equal rectangular segments. I grabbed myself a small brush and quickly coated all of the dough with some of that heavy cream. I'm not sure what this step does or why it's supposed to be heavy whipping cream, but I'm not going to be the one to doubt it. You can then equally divide up your apple mixture onto each one of the three segments. And just quickly before you roll it up you want to brush along the outside and the top with some water so that the dough can stick together. Now just carefully begin to fold each one of them up. Try to keep all of the apples inside of the dough. Just take your time with this step. Once all of them are rolled up you can crimp off each side and finish the whole thing off by cutting it right down the middle. Again that step is a lot easier if your dough isn't rolled out too thin because the thicker it is the more likely it is to hold its shape. So just remember that. But once all of your strutles are prepared I grabbed a cupcake tray, sprayed that with some cooking spray really quick and then popped each half into each well. Now you just have to quickly whip up the pudding mixture. You're going to want to combine one package of that cooking serve vanilla pudding mix along with one and a half cups of whole milk and thoroughly mix it until the powder fully dissolves. Which should only take you about a minute or two. Then spoon two to three tablespoons over each one of your pastries and just quickly crack an egg whisk that up and finish off the top with a brushing of the egg mix. This of course is going to allow them to crisp and brown up just a little bit easier. Pop those into a 400 degree oven for 25 to 30 minutes and ladies and gentlemen we are done. I just quickly plated those up along with some powdered sugar and these don't look too shabby if you ask me. I have a strange family. I'm really really hoping that these come out to sing good because if they do I most likely make them again. That is a big if though. Oh my god. My jaw just popped out. That is not bad at all. So right away the apples combined with the vanilla pudding is a really nice flavor. It's kind of a nice switch up from the typical cinnamon and nutmeg and whatever else you would taste and an apple pie or something. But I think because of the pudding in the middle the dough that was in the middle when I rolled it up is not cooked. Like at all actually. Although it might have worked if I left them in for another five minutes or so because the apples probably couldn't win a little bit more. I would say that overall these guys deserve about an eight and a half out of ten. But I hope you guys enjoyed this week's video if you did hit that like button and quickly before I go this week. Basically I've been trying to think of ways to interact with you guys as much as possible. I've done Q&As on Twitter. I've answered Instagram DMs for two hours straight and those were both fun and successful. But I really really would like to start getting back into a video. But I really really would like to start getting back into live streaming. So do me a favor if you want to come hang out with me. Click the link down in the description for my you now because every single Friday I'm going to start live streaming for a couple hours. We could talk about each week's video. Tell me what you guys think. I'm sure we'll get into some weird random stuff also. Just let me know down in the comments what time it would be the best and most convenient because I'm not really sure when I want to do it yet. And I'll probably end up picking whatever time gets suggested most. But I hope you guys have an absolutely awesome rest of your week and I'll see you right back here for the next video. Peace. Are you through? Have you had enough? Just drank about three gallons. Say hello Nala. Alright, see you later.