 What's going on guys and welcome back to another BuzzFeed test. The only show on YouTube where the Ferris Bueller, Freddy from my Carly Love Child with the McDonald's M, as a hairline and is a wannabe show and Mendes that messes up almost every recipe he touches, tries to review BuzzFeed tests. For those of you who have been begging me to do the Roaster Self Challenge, that's all you're getting. But anyway guys, we've had a roller coaster of the last few weeks, dipping up and down between great and decent and pretty bad recipes, but this one is almost exactly like one I've done a few weeks ago that turned out amazing. This week I'm going to be trying the Mini Smores Egg Clairs, which is almost exactly the same as the Oreo Cream Puffs I did. And even though it is a little bit similar to those, there is a bunch of variation in the type of dough and the shape of the pastry and all that stuff, so it'll be different, trust me. Thank you to all these people who have been suggesting it recently and let's get right into it. So guys, since this recipe is pretty much a mirror image of what we did a couple weeks ago, the ingredients are going to almost be the same. And those are consisting of some flour, some marshmallow fluff, salt, ground crackers, some mini marshmallows, heavy cream, some water, a dark chocolate bar, and a couple eggs. So firstly you've got to do before anything else is to grab a sleeve of your ground crackers and crush it up into food processor or blender. You can also buy these already pre-crushed in the store, I'm pretty sure, but of course I do not. The next thing we have to do is to start our dough, which is the base and most important part of this recipe. You're going to throw a full stick of butter with one teaspoon of salt and one cup of water and a pan and let it come to a boil. The second it starts boiling, turn the heat down to medium low, add three quarters of a cup of flour and a half cup of your crushed ground crackers. Don't be alarmed if you have a ton of crushed ground crackers left over, you are going to need them later. But once I got that nice and thoroughly mixed up, I took it off the heat and then let it cool down for about five minutes. Once your mixture is completely cooled, you're going to throw in four eggs, but one at a time and then mix that up and then another one. So far it's almost exactly like the Oreo recipe. And just keep mixing that up until you get to this nice smooth doughy texture. And now it's time to fill our piping bag. So fill that up to the top, make sure you have a nice large circular tip on the bottom, and we are ready to start piping these. I grab myself a nice big cookie sheet, threw it out a layer of parchment paper, and then started piping each one of these little slugs out. They kind of also look like little fingers. Sorry for that image if you're picturing it in your head right now. Well as you got them all piped out, you're going to grab yourself another egg, whisk that up and then coat the top of each and every one of them. Chut it to be too heavy with the brushing on the egg because there's already so much egg in there and it'll just overpower the whole thing. Just enough to enable it to get golden brown on the other. So now we're going to throw that whole tray into a 425 degree oven for 10 minutes. At which point you're going to turn down your oven to 350 without opening the door and then leave them for another 15 minutes to finish up. And while those are cooking up, I grab myself another piping bag and fill that up with just straight up marshmallow fluff. After the full 25 minutes, I took them out and bang! Nice and crispy and golden brown looking. I think we have another winner on our hands. So after I let them cool for a minute, I took them one by one and cut in a nice little X in the bottom. This is to allow them to steam out a little bit and then maintain their shape and not become soggy. After I cut an X in every single one of them and I let them come to room temperature, I finally was able to pipe them. So slowly and surely I gave each and every one of those a nice dose of the marshmallow. Trying not to be super messy but it's hard trust me. Then I had to whip up some chocolate ganache with that dark chocolate bar and some hot heavy cream which came out looking pretty good and we could finally finish these guys off. I started off by copying the video and giving the top a nice coating in the chocolate and a sprinkle of the graham cracker and some mini marshmallows. But after that I kind of switched it up. I did half of it with chocolate and no marshmallows. I did some with only the graham cracker crumbs and once I got all 30 or so of these coated up nice, I thought they looked pretty good. Is it just me or is my plating getting better with every week that goes by? Either that or I'm getting overly confident and prematurely tweeting at celebrity chefs. Anyway, let's give it a try. So this is one with all three of the ingredients I was topping them with the chocolate graham crackers and marshmallow and these are winners. Chocolate ganache, spot on, the marshmallow fluff, the crunchiness of the outside, all really really good. I have one major complaint though. You couldn't really tell because I edited this and it seems like I just piped them now but I probably piped these about 25 to 30 minutes ago. The marshmallow fluff and the inside of the pastry kind of like meshed together and became really like this mushy consistency taste 10 out of 10. They taste great. Taste your not so much. So if you want to try these, I definitely recommend it but wait until like the minute before you want to eat them to pipe them. It's still a really good dessert though. Eight and a half out of 10. Hope you guys enjoyed this week's Buzzfeed test. If you did smash the like on this one for me, you guys know drill. For all of you guys who went to VidCon last week and was hoping that I would go my schedule just did not work out and I know a lot of you guys were upset so I'm very very sorry. If you did go, let me know how your weekend was down in the comments and I could promise you that I'm definitely going to playlist DC in September. That's a definite. Other than that guys, my social links are right down in the description if you want to go follow me on those. I hope you have an absolutely awesome rest of your week and I'll see you right back here next Thursday. Peace!