 So, as to not bore you all with the full story, I will condense the entire thing down in the next 10 seconds. In the last video that I posted, I explained to you all that I was a Medjetzky accident in Florida. I went to the hospital down there and I told me it was nothing which is why I said this. I've been hobbling around as if I'm just like pulling dead weight. Uh, here's my hospital band if you were curious. We'll be back to normal next week for our last retry. Last four or a week later, I went to the hospital again when I got back home. They told me it was a lot more serious and I needed something called compartments in from surgery. That was a success. It hurts a lot now, but I'm slowly recovering and I am back for all of you. But what is going on my peeps? Welcome back to a brand new video. Can we just forget about last week as if it never happened I would like to? I've been on roller coaster of emotions and what better way to solve that than to do the biggest failure on the history of this channel, the Mirror Cake. I'm sure a lot of you guys could have guessed that this one was coming. I promised you that I would do at least one more even though it's not retry month anymore. But we are here today to accomplish the impossible. So let's get started. So much like some of the other retries I've done last month, I am not using BuzzFeed's version. I'm sorry, it just doesn't work. Maybe in some other parallel universe, if the stars aligned on the seventh day of August in one year, I'd be 100. Maybe it'll work. I just don't think I'm going to be able to get it with theirs. So when in doubt we go to my girl Rosanna, Pancino. Her recipe is 100 times simpler. It's a smaller version. So I'm sorry I'm just going to go with hers. And first we got to make some cake. So just like last time, we're not going to show you every step in this process. It's a pre-made cake mix. I'm sure you all have done this. You don't need to see every step. Here we are when I finish the cakes. But now I am going to make some homemade buttercream icing. The recipe I always go to, the one that always comes out good, is from my cupcake addiction. I'll leave this recipe down in the description. It's awesome. It's just got some powdered sugar, some softened butter, some vanilla extract and whole milk. It's really simple but really delicious. So now I'm just going to chop off the top of my two six inch round cakes to level them out. And one of the thicker ones I'm going to cut in half. So I have three layers of cake in total. And because I don't have a cake board, I'm just going to use my cutting board. So down with the first layer of cake, a nice thick layer of the buttercream icing, a second layer and so on. You guys get the point. But the last layer you want to make sure you have one of the bottoms to put on top. Because that crust is actually going to act as the jam was supposed to in the last version of this. So I threw it into the fridge for a couple hours. I think I left mine in for about five or six. And that's in the fridge setting. It's all fine and well. But as all of you probably know, stuff's probably about to hit the fan. Let's begin on the mirror glaze. Step number one, you're going to take five teaspoons of the most repulsive cooking ingredient ever created, aka powder gelatin and bloom that into a half cup of cold water and allow that to sit for 10 minutes. If you've never smelled gelatin, consider yourself lucky. Just imagining a really big, rotting deer carcass that's been on the side of a desert highway for about two or three weeks. That's about how it smells. Getting past that on my stove top and on medium pan, I threw in a quarter cup of cold water, a half cup of some light corn syrup and then a full cup of sugar. Give this a thorough mix and then put your heat on to about medium and do not touch that until it starts bubbling and boiling away and it's clear like this about 10 minutes later. So far, so good ladies and gentlemen. So now in that mix, we're going to add in our bloomed animal carcass. On top of all that, about a half cup of sweet and condensed milk, which I think is the main ingredient that makes this shiny, I'm just guessing. And working really quickly so the mix stays hot while you're doing this, you just want to take two four ounce bars, eight ounces in total of white chocolate, some good quality stuff, break it up into tiny pieces in a bowl and then pour that hot mix over that chocolate and allow it about two or three minutes to melt down a bit. And yet again, I don't know how many months later this is, but I still do not have an immersion blender. I'm just going to use a hand mixer because she said I could in the video and it turned out looking okay. Now literally all we have to do is strain this through a sieve a couple times just to get out any impurities or some of those little bubbles. I strange mine twice and then divide the mix up into as many different bowls as you want colors. I'm going to do two, one blue and one orange because why not? They're my two favorite colors. I think I need to invest in some different types of food coloring. I always use this icing color and sometimes the color comes out a little bit odd, but we're going to work with it here because it's all I got. And now ladies and gentlemen, part two, the moment of truth. I first pour down my blue mix, the entire thing over the top, hoping that some of that will stick and I could do some light streaks of orange highlights. So I attempted to do that and I think this actually might work. It's looking pretty darn reflective right now and even after a couple minutes I tried to cut it. I noticed a lot of the glaze kind of started to fall off, but I actually gave it a full hour to to this point and what's on there right now is going to stick on there. I'm pretty confident in that. So as I say that in the time that it took me to clean everything up and run down here and put the camera back on, it is a seeped alphabet. Not terrible though. I'm going to try to get a piece of everything because obviously I know how boxed cake tastes. I think that's a can you focus please? Focus on me. Fuck, fuck, okay. I think that's a pretty fair bite. What do you guys think? Oh! I just dropped that on my foot. Okay, I'm going to get a piece from down here actually before I drop another one. I'm very pleased to report that there is no lingering taste of that gelatin because that's what was overpowering the last time. By the way, can you just peep the even icing job I did on here from the top to the sides? I'm like impressed with myself. There's still not an overwhelming taste of anything in the glaze. Obviously it's just more for a for show than to add any type of flavor, but it's good. I would write this one as a success. Well boys and girls, if all goes well I'll be healing up quick. By the way I'm sorry to anyone who went to play this DC expecting me to be there. It was just no feasible way for me to be able to get there, but or let me know DC next year. I promise you I'll be at. And guys, I have some dope videos planned for the next few months. It's obviously the best season. It's fall. It's pumpkin spice time. The basic white curl in me is slowly coming out with every passing day. But I hope you guys have an awesome rest of your week and I'll see you right back here for the next couple videos in this very exciting upcoming season.