 What's going on guys and welcome back to this week's brand new bus feed test. Before we get into anything recipe related this week I just want to say thank you for all of your feedback on this Sunday's video. For those of you who haven't seen it yet I posted a rainbow bagel DIY that came out pretty good in my opinion. If you haven't seen it yet I'll leave it in the top link of the description and for those of you who have and left a comment, thank you. I'm definitely going to do my best to pump more of those out in the near future. But anyway guys a ton, a ton, a ton of you guys have been suggesting these molten cinnamon rolls which came straight from Tasty's YouTube channel about 9 days ago I want to say. And it looked pretty dang delicious so let's get right into them. Alright guys at first glance this recipe seems pretty straightforward and the ingredients you're going to need for it are some sugar, a couple packages of cinnamon rolls, some milk, some vanilla extract and some...bright intro music music music Anyway, let's get into the recipe. So the first thing you're gonna wanna do in order to make these cinnamon rolls are to grab yourself eight ounces of this absolute double cream, a quarter cup of sugar and a half teaspoon of vanilla extract. Keep in mind the softer your cream cheese is, the easier it is to mix this up. Once you got that thoroughly mixed up, you're gonna throw in a half cup of milk and then mix that all together. It seems just a tad bit looser and more watery than theirs did, but we're just gonna roll with it. You know, I'm gonna throw that entire mixture into a circular pan like this and then right into the freezer for an hour. While that's freezing up, we are going to pop open our cinnamon rolls. Take them all out of their packaging and oh no. I didn't realize this at first, but the ones that bus speed used were those cheap imitation like biscuit-y cinnamon rolls that don't have the swirls in them. And of course, I got the ones that do. I'm gonna try to work with these, but now my expectations have been lowered even more. So I do my best to flatten those out, keeping them together, make it a little easier on myself when I roll them up into balls. About 30 minutes after that, I took everything out of the freezer and started by grabbing one cinnamon roll. I didn't grab a little ball of the frozen vomit cream mix and attempted to roll this up around it, but the mixture is already creeping out the sides a little bit, so that will remain to be seen. I did the same exact procedure with all the remaining cinnamon rolls that I had through them all into my oven safe pan like so and then popped those into a 400 degree oven for about 25 minutes. About 25 minutes later, I took these things out and they kind of look strange. I'd say that they look like a crust between a croissant and a Danish than anything else. Nevertheless, I'm gonna have to suck it up and try one of these things. Although every bone in my body is telling me not to, for you guys, I gotta do it. My initial things are, it's not really like runny like in the video. It's kind of more like, like putty-me custard type thing, but... Let me tell all of you why this sucks. Two years ago, before I started these videos, I probably would have absolutely loved this. Of course, the cinnamon roll part is great. It's cooked perfectly, but that cream cheese after taste, man, it just makes my skin crawl. But I do have to rate it as I see it at this moment, and I think that's gonna have to be like a five and a half six. I do recommend that those of you who want to try this thing, because it's one of the easiest recipes I've done. And if you know, eat cream cheese right to early, then I'm sure you probably love it. Ask for me, not so much. Hope you guys enjoyed this week's video. If you did, smash the thumbs up on this one. We keep topping the video from the last week, so let's go for 9,000 this time. Never in a million years did I think I'd ever be asking for that many, but let's see if we could do it. I'm gonna tweet at me or send pictures to me on Instagram with recipes that I have not tried yet, but you want me to try. Let me know. Of course, the links for both of those will be down in the description as well, and other than that, have an absolutely awesome rest of your week. I'll see you right back here next Thursday. Peace!