 You guys are something else, man. I tried to hide the hardest recipe that I was suggesting for you guys at the very end. The Oma Raisu, and of course, a overwhelmingly one. Why should I be shocked, I don't know. For those of you who have no idea what I'm talking about, I did another poll on my Instagram this week, on my story. I gave you four options, it was two desserts, I don't remember the other one. And of course, the hardest one, overwhelmingly beat out the other ones. It's the Japanese omelette and rice dish called Oma Raisu, I think I'm pronouncing that properly. So you see, he's done a bunch of videos on it. Andrew just went all the way to Japan to meet the actual chef who created the dish in the first place. He's the master of it. I'll never be able to get to that level, I don't think. What I will give it my best go today for you guys, I'm at my local grocery store to buy out their entire egg section. So let's go grab that and some of the other stuff that we're going to need. Alright, so obviously we're going to need a ton of eggs, I really hope I'm not going to need more than this one carton. I suppose we will see, but I also grab some rice, obviously, for the fried rice. And some beef broth, this is going to be for our homemade demiglase. Why am I making this homemade to make my life more difficult, apparently. So that's actually what we're going to start on today and I'm using this simplified recipe from the spruceeats.com and upon reading through the ingredients, you need something called clarified butter. In order to make this butter, you're going to want to melt it down in a saucepan. I only need two tablespoons, but I started with a whole stick and basically through simmering and skimming off the top, all the foam and the white milk fats. It's not that long or difficult of a process, but at the end you do want to end up with this clear olive oil type looking liquid. Also for our demiglase, apparently you need a ton of vegetables. I would never have guests to this. I cut up a half of a white onion along with some carrots and some celery. You need a half cup of the onion and then a quarter cup of the other two. I cut these pretty small as well and now that those are done, let's get onto cooking this. Let's start with your clarified fancy butter, two tablespoons of that and your onion and other vegetables first. So I'll tell you them for a couple of minutes until your onions become translucent and then add in some flour. I let that flour soak up all of the moisture and butter that was in the pan. After a few minutes of cooking, I mixed in a few cups of beef stock and as I'm rereading through this recipe, apparently this was supposed to be low sodium. My apologies, I just won't add any extra salt in the end. Once that mix reached a boil, I threw in some spices like some black peppercorns, some fresh parsley, a little bit of thyme and then allowed it to simmer off for 20 minutes. After about 20 minutes, you're going to want to strain this liquid and get out all the solids. When it back to the pan, add two more cups of stock and then let it simmer for 50 minutes. This was a lot longer than I thought it was going to take me. We haven't even touched an egg yet and I'm already two hours into this recipe. Thankfully though, we did end up with something that looks half decent, a little bit lighter than tasty version but whatever it'll work. Second up on our list today is the fried rice. Again, I'm using a simplified recipe but first you need to start with some rice and I actually cooked this rice a day in advance. I cooked this yesterday what you're seeing right now and then put it in the fridge overnight to let it cool down. The following day, I started in my stir fry pan a little bit of butter and one egg. I'm fully taking advantage of the fact that I get still used a silicone spatula right now so that's what I'm using for the egg. I eventually removed the cooked egg through down some oil and some more of our onions. Leave that about two minutes to cook down and then add it in all of my other ingredients. The rice, some soy sauce, a little bit of pepper and that cooked egg. Again, this is a super simplified version of fried rice. I'll leave the recipe I followed in the description but if you want to follow a real authentic one, I'm sure there's some out there. This is looking and smelling pretty good though so I set it off to the side and I guess I can't stall anymore. It's time to try to make his omelette. Now following Tasty's second video, their most recent one, he start with three eggs, a little bit of kosher salt and give that a really thorough mix before straining it. That was a big question of mine because I figured it would be a lot easier to get those egg curds that the chef got in the original video if he strained it first. And let's give this a go. I didn't have a spray bottle with olive oil so just used a little brush and gave that a nice thin layer of my nonstick pan before dumping in my egg mix. Of course, I used some chopsticks just like they did in the video. I was trying to copy the way that they were doing it from this point on. It's really like, it's up to you. There's no more instructions after this point. And because of that and my new dish self, I had the hardest time trying to flip this egg. It just eventually overcooked and I didn't have any of those like more wet curds in the middle. So this one wasn't terrible for a first attempt, but it's definitely not going to work for us. I prepared some more eggs, threw them down in my pan once again and to be completely honest with you, this one just sucked. I'm finding the most difficulty when I'm trying to flip the egg with the chopsticks and get it into that oval shape that just keeps breaking and it's too delicate. I don't know how I'm going to get around that to be honest. I also feel like I just don't have enough egg mix in the pan because it's cooking way too quickly and I don't even have to heat that high. So for this third attempt, I cracked a fourth egg. Of course, I strained it out of some salt. And this one actually ended up coming out a lot better. It somewhat maintained the shape that I was going for. So I quickly grabbed this old football bowl that I found up in my cabinet. I tried to throw it down some of my rice and push it down so it would hold that shape. Put it onto my plate and eventually throw the egg on top. This is like the ugly brother of the actual chef's version. I did try to cut it open and I don't know. I guess it could get a pass, but I'm going to try it one more time for you guys. So I threw off the egg. I did remove a little bit of the rice because I think it was just too much on there. And for my fourth and final attempt, we are now on egg number 13, I believe. Now like I said, the hardest part of this isn't getting the curds or flipping it out on the rice. It's getting it to turn over so it'll cook on that open side and seal off. And it's really hard to do with chopsticks. So once I got the curds this time, I tried to flip it and help it along with my spatula. Got for a bit, I use that, I know. And guys, just like the last one, this one seems pretty okay. So I quickly threw it out onto my rice and tried to give it a cut with a little coaching eventually opened and looked pretty good inside. So honestly, I think this is the best one that I'm going to get. I poured down my demi glaze with a little bit of some parsley flakes. And now all that's left to do is give this a try. Now does mine look anything like the original chef's version? No, absolutely not. But hopefully it'll taste similar because the egg is just egg, there's like really nothing else to it. Except for the cooking method obviously, so we'll see. I'll try to get a bit of everything on one bite. Yeah, my gravy is just gross. It doesn't taste like anything. It's just bland and weird. The rice is good and the egg tastes like eggs. I think I would have liked this better without the demi glaze. Guys, I'm sure this doesn't even compare to the flavor or obviously the presentation. So if you haven't seen it, go watch the original video. If you're in Japan, go visit the chef, I don't know. To be completely honest, I did not think I'd get this close in four attempts. So I'll give myself a little bit of credit, but I don't know. Maybe I'll try again someday. I hope you guys enjoyed today's Buzzfeed test. If you did, leave me a big like as always. You guys always go ham with that. Follow me on Twitter and on Instagram. Again, if you don't follow me on Instagram, do it. I'm doing those polls constantly now. So don't miss out on them. Let me know what you want to see next week. Other than that, have an awesome weekend. And I'll see you right back here next time.