 What's going on everyone, my name's Davian and welcome back to this week's video. Now, a couple of months ago, if any of you guys saw, I did the Oreo challenge with my cousin, Mackenzie. We tasted 15 different Oreo flavors, some were good, some were bad, but afterwards, I promised I would never eat Oreos again. Fast forward a couple of months later and here we are. Oreos suggested that I do the Oreo Churros and I guess they're technically not Oreos, but they're still similar enough. Either way, let's get it! Okay guys, before we do anything else today, we're going to take these Oreos and separate them from the cream to the cookies. I'm going to try to split this recipe in half since it seems like a lot and do half the package. And set both of them aside. Next on this do list is to grab yourself a saucepan, throw in one cup of water and let that heat up. Now since we're splitting this recipe and it close for a third a cup of sugar, it's about a sixth of a cup. Then two tablespoons of butter and I guess just let that melt and take it off the heat. Now you're going to take those cookies and crush them up into little bits. After that, throw in a half cup of flour, you're crushed up Oreo and mix that all up and then just finish it off with a neck. Now comparing this to the one of BuzzFeeds and mine seems a lot more waterier so I added a little more flour. You got it to what I thought was the right consistency. I don't even want to tell you what I think this looks like right now. Now you got to grab yourself a piping bag or if you don't have a piping bag, grab a zip lock with a ice and tip at the end. I taped it on with electrical tape because sometimes in the kitchen you got to be ratchet. Get that into your piping bag and start trying to squeeze out. Oh wonderful. This ladies and gentlemen is why you don't make a makeshift piping bag. Whatever they don't have to look like stars anyway. I kept on pressing through and made a couple of sticks. These things look like they're about to be used in a prank and then throw them in a freezer for a half hour. Next up, give yourself a pan, throw in the oil and while the oil is heating up, you're going to take your creams and melt them down in the microwave. After the 30 minutes, take your churros out of the freezer and try to get them off this plate. This is an absolute train wreck and I guess throw them into your oil a couple of minutes on both sides, take them out and um... I honestly don't know what to compare them to other than uh... you already know. I'm not even going to bother to coat these and send them in the sugar because I don't want to sugar coat them. See what I did there? And they're 2-damp thin to even pipe ice in through as well. I'm just going to dip them. This is like experiment going wrong. Okay, here we go. I taste 5% chocolate, a little bit of egg and about 85% flour. Which is probably my fault but um... This is Michael Down in history as the worst must-be test yet. But here's my thing. Usually when these go bad, I don't really blame them on myself. Usually there's problems with the recipe or the way they tell you to cook it. A lot of the stuff I messed up today was kind of my fault. I tried to split the recipe and just take a lot of shortcuts. You know what? But the first time in the history of this channel, we're doing a redo. Except this time, we're trying it with these. Alright, you guys know the drill. I'm determined to make this thing work. So grab your Oreo, separate them in half. Crush up the cookie part. This time I'm using a blender to make sure it is thoroughly crushed. This time we're going to make the mix exactly like they did in the video. So start with 2 cups of water, 4 tablespoons of butter, and a third of a cup of sugar. Then allow all of that to combine while it's heating. Immediately after you get it to a boil, throw in a cup of flour and your crushed Oreos. Already this is looking 100 times better. Now throw in 2 eggs, mix that up thoroughly, and this should be correct. I reassembled another makeshift piping bag, and start piping your churros out on a different plate. Oh yes, this is what they're supposed to look like. Now let's put those in the freezer for a half hour, and then finish everything off by frying off your churros. A couple minutes on both sides once again, just like we did with the last creams, I'm going to melt these down in the microwave as well, and here we are. Finally, they look good. I am so freaking happy that these look so good. This is what you get for perseverance people, now I just hope they taste good. The moment of truth. Yes! That's freaking amazing. Yo Dan, come try this. What is it? It's an Oreo churro. Okay, are they delicious? Hello, Joe. That's good. What do you do now? 10. Are you going to try it? I'm giving them an 8.9, because the middle is super sweet. You can't really dip it because it's so sweet. Oh, then they're on point. So what if we learn today? Make sure your cookies are thoroughly mixed and not lumpy, and sometimes you fail the first time, just try again, because it might work. But if you like today's video, guys, hit me up with that big thumbs up. It always means a lot. How much should we go for, Danny? 68. You heard it here, live. As always, all my social media links will be down in the description if you want me to follow me on those. If you have any more suggestions for recipes, please leave them down in the comments, because I'm always needing more. And have an absolutely awesome rest of your week. I'll see you right back here next Thursday. Peace!