 What is going on guys and welcome back to this week's cardiac arrest test. Now over on my Twitter once again I ran a poll for this week and a very surprising result, the orange chicken from Panda Express 1. I kind of expected either the neopolitan Swiss roll or the raindrop cake once again to be selected but no I was wrong those will be left for another video. Today we're tackling this iconic can I call it that fast food-ish staple in quite a few restaurants across the country. I personally love it and this video looks amazing. Thank you for everyone for voting on this. Let's get right into it. No guys there's been quite a few recipes in the past that you may have thought there was a lot of ingredients. No. Today for this recipe we are using are you ready for this? Oil to fry with flour, white pepper, ground ginger and salt, fresh garlic, one egg, some chicken breasts and sesame oil, some cornstarch, white vinegar, brown sugar, white sugar, orange juice, crushed red pepper and sauce. I only messed up once while trying to say that. Now before a bunch you go crazy that they use chicken thighs in the video and I have chicken breasts. There was a couple of people on Twitter that specifically asked me to use chicken breasts because it's more easily attainable in every single grocery store. Also because the grocery store went to didn't have them let's move along. Now I want to get the chicken batter out of the way first so that's ready to go. So once we cut up all of our chicken we could put it directly in there. So I started first with three cups of flour and added to that. One tablespoon of salt and one teaspoon of the white pepper. A full cup of cornstarch gave all of the dry stuff a quick mix first before adding in one egg and then slowly adding in one and a half cups of cool water whisking as you add and as you can see there is not nearly enough liquid. I'm assuming there was a typo somewhere in the production of this video because I had to add over another full cup of water to get this anywhere near the consistency of theirs. But once I achieved that I finished it with two teaspoons of vegetable oil mixed that in and then set it to the side while I grabbed my chicken. Now I'm going to be honest I don't really think the difference between a thigh and a breast is going to be that significant especially if you didn't tell the person you were feeding it to they would never know. But we will see I might end up eating my words in about five minutes if this comes out bad. So I cubed up about five breasts in total and about one inch cubes tried to make them roughly the same size while removing any little bits of fat and that is all looking good so I dump that all directly into my batter give that a good mix to try to submerge all of the chicken and then just cover that up with some plastic wrap and let us sit in the fridge for an hour. So far so good in the meantime I'm going to heat up some oil it is disgusting how much oil I go through for these videos just to fry stuff once I feel like it's so wasteful but I don't really know what else to do. This is the exact reason why a lot of times when I'm not frying a lot of stuff I use a little tiny saucepan which is not safe as but I'm trying to conserve. Anyways I allowed the oil to heat up to 350 degrees and after the chicken was in the fridge for a while I tossed in about 15 pieces at a time. I was a little bit concerned because they seemed to be sticking together and big clumps at first but I broke them apart they cooked up nicely got a nice golden brown color and about six minutes later I took them all out put them on some paper towels and we are ready to do the last step in this which is create the glaze. In my nonstick pan I started with a bit of vegetable oil and about a quarter teaspoon of the red chili flakes. I allowed the oil to heat up for a minute before adding in my ground ginger and a tablespoon of minced up garlic which seems like a lot. It's definitely already smelling amazing in here though so I added in my white sugar and brown sugar both a quarter cup of each one and gave that a quick mix before adding in a quarter cup of orange juice. Who would have thought that there was actual orange juice in orange chicken. Everybody everyone out there who is watching this video except me probably but one at a time I would let the mixture bubble up and then add it in the white vinegar I let it simmer off again and then finished it with some soy sauce. You also have to make a little slurry of cornstarch and water which is going to be your thickening agent here and I very slowly added that in and before my eyes this thing thickened up like crazy. So very quickly I tossed in what I thought was about the same amount of chicken that they used in the video. I tried to get every single piece a nice coating in the sauce and the very last ingredient that we haven't used yet a quarter teaspoon of sesame oil apparently to give it a nice sheen and a nutty flavor. My definitely seems a lot more gloopy and not as uniform as theirs does but it definitely smells amazing so let's give this a try. Now I'm going to be very honest here I have never been to Panda Express. Is that weird? Is that out of the ordinary? I just I don't have like any near my house. I have PF Changs. I have wild fusion. Is that big? I don't know. Now that it's cooled down a little bit I also smell the sesame oil more than anything else which is a little worrisome but it's kind of like I don't know I want to really like it. I definitely taste the sesame oil over everything else and the chicken kind of lost its crispiness. It's a little soggy but it's not bad. It's kind of like a thing where if I got it in a restaurant I wouldn't really question how I just eat it but it's not really as good as I expected it to be. I'll give it a 5.8 out of 10. But I hope you guys enjoyed today's episode. If you did leave me a big like I got a couple DIYs for you this month not this weekend but soon. Also look out for some more polls on my Twitter. I really like doing those. They kind of let you know what you guys want to see me do other than that though have an awesome weekend and I'll see you right back here next time. Peace!