 I just sat down to film this and I'm now realizing how terrible my decorations look from this angle. Oh well, I'm not moving. What is going on though, Peeps? Welcome back to a brand new video. It is December 14th. The month is flying by. Appropriately enough, we gotta get into some peppermint recipes. I give you four options on my Instagram poll. You guys voted on the peppermint macrons, macaroons. Do not hate me. I will unintentionally be saying both of those words throughout this video. If you have followed my channel for a while, you may know that I've never made macarons before. And a big reason for that is because the main ingredient is almond flour, which obviously I cannot eat. And after a little bit of research, it seems like pumpkin seeds are the most viable replacements. I found that on multiple different blogs, including this one from Honest Cooking. So the first thing I'm going to do is just simply use tasty's recipe and sub out the almond flour for ground pumpkin seeds. Do I expect this to work? Not really, but let's give it a try. Ah yes, there is nothing quite like the grocery store on a Thursday afternoon in the middle of December. Especially when that store doesn't have any pumpkin seeds. Maybe the local Walmart, which is a shot in the dark, but they had them. In bulk, actually. When I got home, I grabbed some powdered sugar and chocolate chips, some peppermint extract and heavy cream, a few candy canes to crush up some salt and sugar, a few eggs, and then obviously the pumpkin seeds that we just found. Now naturally, step one is to grind up our pumpkin seeds into a fine powder. I did this two or three times between sifting. I was hoping to get out any extra pieces of shell or larger pieces of seed that wouldn't grind up. And by the end, I was pleasantly surprised with how fine and soft this seemed to be. So I sifted together my powdered sugar and almond flour substitute. Added a little bit of salt as well and then gave that a good mix. You do have to set this to the side though while we whip up our eggs. These are three egg whites at room temperature as well as a little bit of salt. And I want to say it took me five or six minutes to get to firm peaks. You also want to add in a little bit of sugar at the end. And I did that upside down test to make sure I wouldn't fall out. Now right into my whipped egg mixture, you slowly add in your dry ingredients, and then add in the ingredients a few times before adding in any more. I'm sure there's some very precise folding technique or something I'm missing here, but listen, if I messed up a pita cone, I'm sure I'm going to mess up a macaron on my first try anyways. After I added a little bit of peppermint extract and mixed that in as well, I tried to figure eight tests and it seemed to work somewhat. And surprisingly, one of the most difficult parts of this was trying to get the food coloring in my piping bag. I didn't know how much to put. I don't know if I had to line the whole side all the way to the top. I did the best that I could though and then eventually tried to scoop in my dough, my batter. What is this called? I don't know. I set up my cookie sheet with a little bit of my mixture so the parchment paper would lie flat and then tried to pipe out my cookies. I was hoping at some point the red dye would start magically coming out in perfect lines, spoiler, it never did. After I slapped them on the counter a few times, you want to let them sit for 30 minutes until you could touch the top and it doesn't stick to your finger and then bake them for eight minutes at 300 degrees and no. There was no foot as they call it when the cookie is supposed to rise. They were all cracked across the top. The color was all off. The one positive though was they did come off the paper pretty darn easily. So I let those cool while I made my chocolate ganache really quick. Obviously that's just a combination of chocolate chips and heavy cream. Melted down in the microwave, mixed together and then allowed to cool until you could scoop little blobs onto your cookies like this. First ever attempt at making macrons have definitely fell short. Maybe they will make up for it in taste though. I feel like if you didn't know what these were supposed to be or what they were supposed to look like, maybe they would look appetizing. If nothing else though, the ganache looks pretty good inside of there. It kind of looks like a demented Oreo. Now I don't know what these are supposed to taste like or feel like in your mouth, but I don't think this is it. Honestly the flavor is not too bad. The chocolate mixed with the peppermint is pretty good, but I'm getting notes of pumpkin seed, which does not really pair well with sweet, chocolate and peppermint flavors. I don't hate them. I'd probably finish this and maybe another one. But one thing I definitely did want to try was using that recipe I found the substitute from just as that recipe and maybe add a little peppermint extract or something because maybe the pumpkin seeds were designed for her recipe. So let's give that a quick try. Obviously I'm not going to show you all the ingredients and the measurements. The recipe will be down in the description. I didn't need to grind up a bunch more of the pumpkin seeds and sift it out. This time I sifted even more than the first time. And when I went to throw all the dry ingredients together, I realized I needed something called malt powder. I've never heard of this. I don't think I've ever eaten it. So I ran back to the store and the only thing I could find that resembled this was this chocolate malt powder. Now when I read the ingredients of this, it's pretty much just the basic malt powder mixed with some cocoa powder. And because the recipe has cocoa powder in it, I'm just going to use this for both of those measurements. I'm also going to food process all of my dry ingredients together this time because Tacy did that in their recipe and I didn't do that the first time. I also kind of like the fact that they use grams and ounces for this because saying five egg whites is a lot less specific than saying say five ounces of egg whites, you can get it pretty precise. With that being said, if you do not own a kitchen scale of this sort, you're up a creek for this one. I don't know what to tell you. This egg white mixture was also really different in that you added stuff like vanilla extract and sugar and salt to the egg whites and then beat it to get a meringue. That took about 10 minutes of straight beating, but I think I got to the point where I needed. And this recipe very clearly says to dump in all of the dry ingredients at once. So that's what I did. I folded them all together again. I washed out that piping bag from earlier and reused it. There was no dye or anything in this one. I'm just focusing on getting a viable macron without all of the dye and the flavoring in it. Now this one, you're not supposed to leave out until the top gets dry and you also want to bake it for a lot longer for 18 minutes instead of just eight minutes. Once again, these cracked along the top. They didn't seem to have any feet, even though they did rise a little bit. I threw in another batch. They came out even worse. So I just used some of the cookies from the first batch. I used some of the chocolate ganache from earlier. And I guess we can give these a try too. Now in my opinion, overall these do look better. They rose a little bit. There's also a lot more chocolate in there because it cooled down. Obviously it was harder to spread. There's the most minuscule little foot on the top one there. I'm going to count that as a semi-win. Honestly, now that I'm meeting this, I feel like the first one might have just been undercooked. It's look how much air and dryness is in the middle of this. It looks a lot better. I'm sure this is not anywhere close to where I'm supposed to be, but it's a slight improvement. Unfortunately today, two attempts is going to be all I have to muster up for you. Hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did, leave me a big like. Follow me over on Twitter and Instagram if you haven't already. Let me know down in the comments if you have any constructive criticism. You know of any better substitutes than pumpkin seeds. Other than that, they'll have an awesome weekend. And I will hopefully see you right back here next time. Peace. I already know this isn't going to work, but I'm sitting there piping poop emojis anyway. Even though I know it's going to fail. No, I'm not feeling okay because I'm piping poop emojis. Spending hours. And I'm going to have to do this three more times. And everyone's going to bully me in the comments. That's how I'm feeling. Thank you for asking.