 What is going on my peeps? Welcome back to a brand new video. Merry Christmas, so those of you peeps out there who celebrate it as you can see I've gone a little overboard this year. But it's Christmas, you gotta do that. I got the lights, I got the hat that doesn't really fit my head again. I got the Christmas pajamas that kind of look a little weird on camera, but you get the point. Because I don't quite thank you understand. This time of the year I'm just in my element. It's cold and snowy outside. You gather around with family, you eat 18 pounds of lasagna in my family anyway. And some Christmas cookies. Now today I'm making these sugar swirl cookies and as I promise they are going to be peppermint a fide in a couple different ways. So let's get right into it. So peeps if you've ever made a very basic sugar cookie recipe before you'd pretty much know what you're going to need. Just some flour and sugar, some butter. I'm going to use some red food coloring. This is icing color. One egg, some red sprinkles, a little bit of salt and some vanilla extract. So first up I had to allow my stick of butter to soften and once it did I threw it in a bowl with a cup of sugar and began to mix away. I creamed together the sugar and butter for a couple minutes on medium speed and then I added one egg, a quarter teaspoon of vanilla extract and about a half teaspoon of salt. And up to this point mine's pretty much looking identical to tasties. It's nice and silky and buttery. So on top of that I sifted a 1 and a half cups of flour which after mixing that in should thicken everything up so you get one cohesive ball. I just had to throw it out on my countertop. I eventually rolled it into a log and cut it in half just to make that part easier. And back into the bowl one of these halves went so we can add some peppermint, a little bit of extract as well as quite a bit of this gel icing color. I'm also going to use a glove here hopefully to not stain my hand permanently red for a few weeks. And once I mixed the gel throughout the dough I was pretty satisfied with the color that I had. The next step is to throw down some wax paper as well as one of your dough balls. I know that she'd wax paper and try to roll it out nice and thin. Not too thin so that it's impossible to roll up later but you kind of get the point. I then began to roll out the other half of dough trying to make it the same dimensions as the red one to make it a little easier when I layer them on top of each other in a bit. And once I thought I got to that point I flipped my red one right on top of the white. You got to bear with me a little bit here because I was a little stressed trying to get these to match up perfectly. And now all that's left to do is to roll up your dough into a long log. I used the bottom sheet of wax paper to kind of help me along with this. If you don't it's going to want to break apart and just end up being a little ugly. And mine definitely aren't going to be as wide as tasty as where. But either way I threw down some red sprinkles and gave that a nice even coating around the outside. Rolled it up one more time and into the fridge overnight I left these to harden up and become nice and firm. The next day I popped them out of the fridge and began to cut up some nice even slices. I'm very interested to see if these are going to melt down and kind of morph together in the oven because this pattern looks amazing right now. So onto a sheet of parchment paper and into a 375 degree oven for only 8 minutes. You don't want any browning on these or any melting. Afterwards I just popped them out and thankfully they held their pattern. I'm very satisfied with these. They smell amazing too so let's give them a taste. I was struggle to know when sugar cookies are done cooking because there's really no visual cues when they're in the oven and you don't really want them to brown either. But I like it. That sprinkle decoration is perfect. I'm tasting that peppermint extract to the perfect amount. They're really soft so could they stayed another minute or two in the oven? Probably I'm not sure. But I'm pretty happy with these and before I rate them or in the video, these cookies and some other ingredients I might have up in my kitchen kind of gave me an idea. I might just have to grab myself my shaker and some ice and make myself a little peppermint martini Russian. I honestly don't even know what this concoction is. Peppermint martini, some collouet and peppermint mocha coffee creamer which is technically just heavy cream. I also add a little milk in this. I'm also going to chop up some of those mini candy canes and attempt to rim the outside of my glass. It was a good idea in theory. I got very little to stick on there but you get the picture. After pouring up my drink I just had to throw another sugar cookie on the side of that and all I got to say now is... And there you have it! It's great. I don't know why Sky John is British all of a sudden. I hope you guys enjoyed this week's video. If you did, leave a like on this. Again, Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah, Happy Kwanza, any other holidays, Happy New Year, everything. Go out, go celebrate with your friends, family, just make the most of this time of the year. As for me, I'm just going to be sipping my nasty collouet martini. It's honestly not that bad. You just need a little bit of the candy from the outside. Coat your mouth. But I hope you guys have an awesome Christmas and the rest of your day and I'll see you right back here next time.