 What's going on my peeps? My name is Dave and welcome back to this week's BuzzFeed Test. Now I don't know about you guys but for me the last few weeks have been pretty rough or strange or weird that failure of a hitme truckly cake that I did that weird looking rainbow grilled cheese and last week's Chinese sushi. They've been a little bit off but I'm happy to inform you that we are getting back to basics. First we had pizza dip, then we had pizza mac and cheese. Third we had pizza cones and today we got pizza bread bowls. Thank you to all these people who have been suggesting it over the past two weeks. Let's get started. Alright guys first and foremost you're going to need to grab yourself a round loaf of either Italian bread or sourdough bread I picked mine up from my grocery store and then to go inside it you're going to need to grab yourself some marinara sauce, some fresh mozzarella cheese, some large cut pepperoni, some onions, some fresh basil, some pre cooked Italian sausage, a green pepper, white cheddar cheese and smaller cut pepperoni. So let's begin prepping our ingredients. The first thing I did was grabbed my dry Italian sausage and diced that up the best I could. I'm sure you could use whatever type of cooked sausage you want. This one is definitely not the same one they used in the video but this is the one I found. Next up I washed and sliced up my green pepper in nice thin strips. I'm also going to go light on this one because I'm not the biggest van of green peppers but they're in the video so they're going to be in mine. Third I grabbed my ugly shaped fresh mozzarella and cut that as even as I possibly could. You're going to need about 8 to 10 slices of that then I grabbed my white onion and gave that a nice chop. I only ended up using about a third of this small onion so keep that in mind if you're going to put it in yours. And lastly I grabbed my white cheddar cheese and shredded up about a cup of that. Again I'm sure you could substitute this for more mozzarella or whatever type of cheese that you like. And of course I almost forgot that you have to grab your bread and carefully cut the top off of it. I was so scared while doing this process because this kind of can ruin the whole thing if you mess this up. And thank god it came out looking okay. And unlike Buzzfeed the sandwiches that they are to just stick their hand in there and rip out all the bread I'm going to take a nice sharp knife carve around the edges and carefully pull it out like a human. I really have to stop myself from firing all these shots at Buzzfeed. I really love you. Please don't sue me. But at long last we can finally start assembling this thing. So take your bread and start by putting down a layer of marinara sauce. Follow that up by a layer of your fresh mozzarella. Cover that all up with your wide slices of pepperoni. Follow that up with a layer of your nice chopped onions then cover the whole thing with some fresh basil leaves. They seem to have put a lot but I'm just going to copy them. Continue your way to the top with a nice layer of that sausage and then your green peppers followed by some more marinara sauce, some mozzarella cheese and because we don't have enough cheese in this thing some white cheddar cheese. The next thing you got to do is carefully wrap this up in some tin foil and then place a heavy object on it for 30 minutes. Yo Dan. Danny you up there? Well it looks like my brother's not home so I'm going to have to settle for this 20-year-old dictionary. 30 minutes later I removed the dictionary with the cutting board then took the tin foil off and here we are. I don't know how much it flattened out maybe a little bit but it doesn't seem like it. And because Buzzfeed's motto is when you think there's more cheese just sprinkle a little more on there top that off with some shredded mozzarella and some small cut pepperoni. Finally we can cook this thing in a 350 degree oven for 30 minutes and oh baby. Look at the cheese melting down the side to this thing the nice crisp pepperoni on top. Let's get a slice of it and holy moly. We might have a contender for the best recipe yet. Before I taste this I would just like to point out how whenever I walk away from any of my creations I have to put a sign that said don't touch or do not mess with because my family you just can't trust them. Anyways I am absolutely ecstatic about this one. You can see the peppers the different cheeses the basil the pepperoni oh my god. Good thing freely doesn't watch my videos. The first five seconds of that were incredible and I almost fell that was until all I tasted was a mouthful of basil. Here is the other half of it right here. Oh no I thought this was going to be the best one. Although this cheese and pepperoni crust on top is to die for. Surprisingly though I really like the peppers and the onions. I just all blends really well together except when you get a big mouthful of basil like that. I'm still going to finish this whole piece though. Almost perfect recipe if you are going to make this either cut the basil out or just cut it in half like don't do a full layer like that. Other than that I really have no complaints. Eight and a half out of ten. Hope you guys enjoyed this week's video if you did smash a like on it and I never tell you guys to do this but subscribe if you're new or you haven't yet because I post videos every Thursday so make sure to not miss them. I'm trying to hit 100,000 subscribers it's still tough for me to get those words out of my mouth so please subscribe if you haven't yet. Also if you want me to try a recipe that I haven't done on the show let me know down in the comments or tweet it to me or follow me on Instagram and let me know there. Other than that I haven't absolutely all some rest of your week. I'm going to go finish this bad boy. Peace!