 PEETS said it. Pretty sure this has been my most requested... actually. Yeah, this has definitely been the most requested video to do. This one's going out to all my fellow college kids out there. Not you, McAcheese Kid. And I honestly can't put into words how excited I am for this. Let's get to it! So what you're going to need to make this god-sent creation is tomato sauce, cream cheese, mozzarella cheese, grated parmesan, pepperoni, and last but not least milk. First thing you have to do is shred up your mozzarella cheese. You can buy it already shredded, but either one works. And you're going to need about a cup, so try to eyeball it. Once you've got the done, you've got to grab yourself a medium-sized saucepan, throw in a half cup of milk and six ounces of cream cheese. Now put that on low heat and keep whisking it until it combines. After about five minutes, throw in a half cup of mozzarella cheese and mix that in. Then a half cup of parmesan. And let that simmer for another three to five minutes. And while that's finishing, we're going to slice up some pepperoni. Once again, you could already buy this cut, but I prefer to cut it myself. So cut anywhere from eight to ten slices. Try to get as thin as possible. Now put that over to the side. Grab our mozzarella cheese and we're going to start assembling our master piece. Now, in your pie dish, first throw down your cheese sauce and smooth that out. Then you're going to cover the top of that with a layer of tomato sauce. At this point, my OCD kicked in once again and I had to get every little piece of white covered. Then top it off with the rest of your mozzarella cheese. And finally, your pepperoni. Now we're going to throw this into a 450 degree oven until the cheese starts bubbling. Mine took about eight to 12 minutes, but just watch yours because it might vary a little bit. And finally, this thing was looking good. So tempted to shut my face right in this thing right now. Once again, Bobby Flake come at me. Boys and girls, I think we have ourselves two amazing weeks in a row. Alright, so in the video Buzzfeed tried it on a piece of toast. And to do them justice, I'm going to do the same. Three, two. Oh yes, this is all I ever dreamed of in life and more. That cheese sauce, that tomato sauce, ratio is spot on. Everything I said last week about that being the best one, I take it all back. Tortilla chips. Better than bread. Thin pretzels. Also better than bread. Doritos. I'll let her. If you like today's Buzzfeed test, please give me that big thumbs up. Can we hit 50 today? If everyone hits that thumbs up, I know we can do it. If any of you guys try this at home, take pictures and send it to me on Twitter. I want to see them. If you guys have suggestions for my next video, leave it down in the comments and I'll pick one out from down there. Other than that guys have an awesome rest of your week and I'll see you right back here on Sunday. I'm going to go finish this. Peace.