 Do you need a cameo so your video gets more views? It's Thanksgiving! And we love you! We will take this turkey! And we gonna stop it! He's been practicing that for like three hours, probably. Go back to work. You're welcome! What's going on everyone, my name's David. Welcome back to another BuzzFeed test and happy Thanksgiving! Now the holiday season has a full effect and considering Thanksgiving is just another term for national stuff you face until you narrowly avoid throwing up day. I got a lot of pressure on me, alright? Especially because it lands on a Thursday every year, that's when I post these food videos. So I started looking for Thanksgiving related BuzzFeed recipes. And my first thought was to do this deep fried turkey. It's too cliche, plus by the time you're watching this, your turkeys are either being cooked or eaten already. So, nah. Then I found these Thanksgiving leftover hacks. It's still predictable, plus I would have to cook this stuff in order to have leftovers to make these recipes. So, nah. And it's something fresh and cool and unexpected. And then I found pumpkin, spice, latte, pizza. Let's go. Alright, for this recipe you're going to need canned pumpkin. Some instant coffee grinds, some sugar, this dumb pumpkin pie spice. Time out. Can we just talk about this little tiny thing of pumpkin pie spice was almost $7? $7, but it's a little stupid thing. Gave yourself together grocery stores. Gosh. But you're also going to need some pizza dough and some marshmallows. Step one, in a bowl, throw a cup of pumpkin gulp in there. This stuff has been and will always be repulsive to me. Then about a tablespoon of your instant coffee, a third cup of sugar, and then a teaspoon of this insanely overpriced pumpkin pie spice. Now to my surprise, as I mixed this all together, the coffee kind of disappeared and turned it a very dark baby poop brown. It actually smells pretty good, but it does not look good at all. Anyway, throw it off to the side and grab your room temperature pizza dough. I say room temperature because if it's colder, it'll be nearly impossible to work with. Stretch that out as best as you can, then throw a cookie sheet down, some wax paper, and throw your rectangular pizza dough on top. Next you're going to throw your dog food tar. I mean, your pumpkin spread, sorry, across the dough. Then tap that off with some mini or some large marshmallows. I don't think it really matters. Now we're going to take this and throw it into a 425 degree oven for 16 to 18 minutes. At the 10 minute mark, I decided to give it a little check and, um... What the hell? What the heck happened there? And I'm guessing this is hot AF, so I'm going to leave this to cool down. You do not need 16 to 18 minutes. Plus, my oven was under 425 for a little bit, and it still almost burned. So, keep an eye on yours. I've given a little bit to cool down. I'm going to attempt to cut this now. Come on, you dirty hamster. Oh, great! I love a little paper in my pizza. How about you? What a disaster. Here's what a finished product looks like. Um... Not good. At all, actually. I thought it was going to look better than it tasted in the end, but at this point, I'm praying it's the other way around. Alright, ladies and gentlemen, pumpkin spice latte pizza with a special guest appearance by wax paper. Three, two, this is a mess. One... That is one of the strangest things I've ever eaten in my life. Okay, so the first bite in a half was edible. Edible. But after that, it's just super gloopy and overwhelmingly pumpkin. And evening just across now just makes me want real pizza. Failure! I'm sorry. It's not good, guys. I taste like 10% marshmallow, 80% that pumpkin puree, and like a little bit of spices here and there. I was going to try to be nice, because this is such a cool idea, but I'm sorry. Not vomit worthy. Some of you might like it. I'm giving it a 3.5 out of 10. Sorry, most feet. But if you guys like today's Buzzfeed test, can we smash that thumbs up for me? Probably the coolest and most unique concept yet, but I don't know. Maybe I'll give this a part two try in the future. Once again, guys, have a happy Thanksgiving. Let me know down in the comments what you're all thankful for. I'm thankful for my friends, my family, my health, my house. All of you guys watching this video right now, I love you all. Have an absolutely awesome rest of your week, and I'll see you right back here next Thursday. Peace!