 Is this possible right now? Without hitting the fan or my face. Okay. Ho! What's going on guys? My name is Steven and welcome back to another BuzzFeed test. As you guys have probably told me the intro I got suggested to do another freakin' cake. This is gonna be the third cake I've done and I'm thinking it's gonna be the easiest even though I should just shut up because these BuzzFeed recipes can get pretty unpredictable. But let's jump right into the bit. Whoops! Alright guys, to start we're gonna first need your broken boxes of pancake mix. Some vegetable oil, some eggs, food coloring, and water. So I first started with the chocolate cake. I just followed the ingredients on the back of the box. That was first a half cup of oil, one cup and one quarter cup of water. Then one, two, three eggs. Then take your electric hand mixer from 1982 and whip that all together. Throw that to the side, grab another bowl, and then follow those same steps for the vanilla cake. This is first the eggs, and then the oil. The only difference was this one calls for a cup of water instead of a cup and a quarter. Don't ask me why. And that was looking good too. Now that you have both of your mixes done, this is where the colors come into play. So first I'll take a cup of the cake batter, throw in a few drops of food coloring, and then mix that until it completely turns color. Typically less is more when you're using food coloring, but for some reason these took a ton of food coloring to fully turn. And they were still kind of not as vibrant as I was hoping for. So you're gonna repeat that process for your three other colors. And finally, after 15 minutes of this process, I got them all looking pretty good. Now time to put it all together, grab yourself a bun pan and spread that down with cooking spray. Then lay down about a third of your chocolate cake batter. When that evens out, grab your first color and spread that in the middle of the batter. I thought that there was no right or wrong way to do this. So I just kind of copied the way BuzzFeed did it. When that's done, you're gonna cover that color with the next one. I found that just letting it drizzle over the other color was the easiest way to do these. Then finally, throw down your final layer of color. And cap that all off with some more chocolate cake batter and throw that into a 340 degree oven for roughly 40 minutes. While that was baking up, I took the liberty to make some marble to tie the eye cup cakes. Just throw your batter in a tray, mix that with a toothpick, and those actually came out pretty decent. I also decided to make up some homemade buttercream icing. I just threw in some butter, confectionery, sugar, vanilla, and milk, and that came out good. Anyway, back to the cake, since this is so deep, I couldn't really use a toothpick to test if it was done or not, so I used a chopstick and it came out nice and clean. Throw a plate on top of it, and this thing fought me tooth and nail to come out of this pan. I thought I sprayed it well enough, but it took a good five minutes to get this stupid thing out of here. And finally, pop that out. Just so you're icing across the top and now for the main event. Alright, well, you can sort of see the color in there. Looks more like a bent horseshoe than a rainbow. One of my kids, this thing looks like a piece of shit. All the time, an effort for this piece of crap. Now, obviously this is going to taste good, or it better taste good, because it's store bought cake mix. But, it tastes fine. Nothing special. Now, maybe I did something wrong, maybe I put too much chocolate cake, or not enough for the color, but in my opinion, this is not worth the time. The whole process of splitting that cake mix up and dying each kind, and taking time to even it out, it's just, it's really not worth it, guys. But these cupcakes, on the other hand, I mean, those are looking stunning. Overall, this is getting a four out of ten. Tastes good. Looks okay. Not worth the time at all. But if you guys like today's video, please smash that thumbs up. Let's get to 60 today. I think we can do it, guys. If any of you guys tried this at home, it get a better result than me. Please send it to me on Twitter or Instagram. I want to know if this actually works. Also, if you guys have seen a Buzzfeed video that I haven't tried yet, leave it down in the comments, and it might do it next week. Other than that, guys, all my social media links will be right down the screen. If you guys know the drill, have an all-surverse here week, and I'll see you right back here, and next Thursday, poos!