 This video is sponsored by swagbucks. Now this is a yikes from me. As per usual, this week I put up four different tasty recipes on my Instagram story for you guys to vote on. If you don't already follow me, it's David underscore c-more-one. And I was not surprised to see that the fluffy Japanese pancakes won by a few percentage points. But let me just tell you, I have never received such backlash in my DMs on the recipe that won. So as a result of that and the combination of the queen herself, re-a voting on the mac and cheese, that's what we're gonna do this week. Also because I tried to order those three-inch rig molds from amazon and they're not gonna be here until next week so we'll do that next time. But anyways, this recipe is from tasty series where they have one of their chefs take a very basic food and try to jazz it up a little bit. She took some boxed macaroni and cheese and added stuff like lobster and some panko bread crumbs, a bunch of different spices. It looks really delicious. I also have to flambé my cheese sauce. This will be the first time I've ever tried this. So it should be interesting. Let's get right into it. So as with any one of these videos, I had to run to the store to pick up a few different ingredients that I didn't already have. You guys would be really surprised to find out how much I was able to get with some gift cards that I made from this week's sponsor, Swagbooks. Guys, Swagbooks is a way to earn cash and gift cards to a ton of different places from the comfort of your own home just by taking surveys, by playing games, by watching videos. I wish I knew about something like this when I was in college. If you got some free time, click the link in the top line of the description and you'll receive $5 just for signing up just as a welcome bonus. So do yourself a favor, click the link in the top line of the description to earn your first $5. See what kind of offers you can earn for yourself. It helps me out, it helps Swagbooks out, it's just a beautiful thing. But guys, now that I do have all the ingredients I need, freshly purchased with some of my gift cards, I started all of the prep work, I chopped up some fresh parsley, some shallot, and some fresh garlic. Pretty much all of these ingredients are going to be used in different components of this recipe. I just wanted to get this out of the way first. And really, I should wait a little bit before opening this up, but my poor self cannot help, but to rip open my lobster tails, the star of this dish, unfortunately they are already chopped in half, but it should be okay. You want to toss these down in some steaming hot boiling water just for three or four minutes until that shell gets a nice bright red, and your meat starts to become a little opaque. Remember you don't have to cook this all the way through because it's going to finish cooking with the macaroni at the end in the oven. But once I took it out and let it cool for a while, I chopped it into some bite-sized pieces and put it aside for now. Next up is probably what I think I'm most likely to fail, and that is the Béchamel sauce. I made this once other time for the 100-layer lasagna, and according to you guys, I completely failed that altogether. But this recipe is straight from Ré, so I have very high hopes. I heated up some milk along with my chopped up garlic. I'm thinking this will infuse the milk a little bit. Once your milk is heated, you can very slowly add it into your flour mixture. I have to say I think this looks a lot better than the last time I tried it, so I'm going to set it aside for now. And now we have to try to flumb a. Unfortunately, in the video, Ré doesn't mention how much cherry wine she used, so I did ask her. I also asked her for any tips as to not burn my house down. And she did say I'm supposed to use a stainless steel pan. My only problem is the largest stainless steel pan I have is this, which is not very big, I'd say it's maybe 8-inch wide. So I'm going to add the first few ingredients in here, flumb a in this, and then transfer it to my Dutch oven to finish baking. You guys will see that in a second. I think I forgot to mention that you're supposed to save your lobster shell because you could actually put those in, and you end up giving a lot of flavor out of these. About six or seven minutes into this, I added about a tablespoon of tomato paste, also a little bit of that leftover water that we boiled the lobster tails in. This just makes it easier, so stuff doesn't burn as quick, and so that tomato paste can break down a little bit easier. And once most of that water has cooked off, it is unfortunately for me the big moment. I added in a quarter cup of my cherry and listen, I know I didn't get the biggest flames, but I'm just happy that everything's in one piece and hopefully at least some percentage of the alcohol is burned off. A couple minutes after that, I transferred that to my Dutch oven, which is going to be the only vessel that we're cooking in for the rest of this recipe. I added a few ladles worth of that lobster water, and then about a cup to a cup and a half of my vegetable stock. And while I let that come to a boil, I heated back up my vegetable sauce and then added in the cheese packets. Another that is looking like a nice bright yellow orange, and our stocks are boiling. I dumped in the pasta. Now, this may seem like a lot of liquid. I'm honestly second-guessing myself, but my biggest issue with macaroni that you put in the oven is it gets so damn dry. So now whenever I make a macaroni cheese that goes in the oven, I super overestimate the liquids and the cheeses that I put in to hopefully prevent that from happening. I dumped in my pot of cheese sauce, mixed this all together. I wish you guys could smell this right now. It smells so good. And the very last thing I have to do is just toast some panko bread crumbs, along with a little bit of the fresh parsley from earlier, and hold it off to the side while we toss in our chunks of lobster across the top of this, cover everything up with the panko bread crumbs, and throw it in the oven for seven or eight minutes. I'd say at three seventy five, don't go any higher or more time than that because again, you run the risk of everything drying out. And I know, as I take this out, it's boiling hot and I should have let it cool first, but I could not help it, I got myself a ladle full and this is looking delicious, so let's give it a try. If you're sitting at home or at school or at work right now and pretending that you don't want to try this, you're just a big liar. I just love the smell of lobster too. Oh my god, I just wanted to eat that whole tail when I boiled it before. Yep. Make it fancy. That is so good. I am a fan of just normal box mac and cheese, but you forget what it could taste like with an extra, what, 15, 20 minutes of work. And the majority of that time is waiting for the lobster's to boil and waiting for it to bake, so it's not that much work. I do wish I browned the bread crumbs a little bit more. Some of them are still kind of like not as crispy as I would like them. Rye, you have done it again? 10 out of 10. No question. Hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did, leave me a big like again. Thank you to Swagwooks for sponsoring this video. I don't do many sponsorships. I only really do companies or websites that I think will resonate with you guys and that's relevant to the program. So shout out to them. Follow me over on Twitter and Instagram if you do not already. Other than that, have an awesome end of your week and I will see you right back here next time. Peace.