 Ladies and gentlemen, we have some history on our hands. For the first time ever, in the Instagram poll, we have two recipes that tied, each of which receiving a 57% yes vote, Alex's giant raindrop cake and Reyes skillet cookie. And the only logical way I could think of breaking this stalemate is to go directly to the source themselves and ask Alex and Reyes what they think I should do. I was very relieved when Alex said that I should not torture myself with the giant raindrop cake, unlike what all of you would probably say. So today we're doing Reyes skillet cookie. Side note, I love some of your comments when I mention Alex or Reyes and how I can ask them for help now. You guys are trying to call me out and say I'm trying to flex or show off that I can talk to them and you'd be absolutely right. Some people like to flex their money or show off their beautiful cars or their big house or their boyfriend or girlfriend. This is my flex right here, a group chat with Alex and Reyes. Anyways, a lot of you guys did DM me and say that the skillet cookie was very simple. You think I should jazz it up a bit and I kind of agree it's a straightforward video. So I decided to turn this one into a versus Reyes skillet cookie versus so yummy's everything cookie I've gotten this message to me hundreds of times. I am going to use the same cookie dough for each recipe and basically just test which one's easier to make and which one comes out better in the end. So let's get right into it. So guys like I said we do have two delicious looking recipes to prepare today but before we get into them I want to give a huge shout out to my friends over at Filo. Filo allows you to watch all of your favorite TV shows in their current season from the laptop, your phone or your TV without that outdated cable box to tie you down. Some of you guys may know that I just recently got a new apartment to cook a bunch of these recipes in and on my TV you better believe I'm saving a ton of money by paying just $20 a month for over 50 channels. And right now they're hooking you peeps up with a free seven day trial. All you have to do is click the link in the top line of the description. Right now I'm watching The Walking Dead and Comedy Central and Food Network. The list goes on. Again a huge shout out to Filo for making this video possible. Click that link in the description or my pinned comment to go check out the site at least it helps them out. It helps keep the show going. Everybody's happy. But now let's grab all the ingredients we're gonna need for the recipes today. I grab some pretzels and sugar, some kosher salt and flour, some cocoa powder and vanilla extract, a few eggs, rainbow sprinkles, chocolate chips, brown sugar, baking soda, skittles, butter, caramel candies and white chocolates. You might notice I don't have any peanut butter or I think she uses macadamia nuts for obvious reasons. That's why I have stuff like sprinkles. And after seeing if I can still juggle with some bags of candy and I was breaking open my eggs on the countertop but we get begin to make the base of our cookie dough that all six of the flavors are going to be made out of. I assume this is very standard cookie dough just comprised of some sugar, eggs, flour, vanilla, butter. If you want to know all the actual measurements, head over to Reyes video show or some love. You do want to add in your dry ingredients at the very end and just like you're making brownies don't overwork the flour into it. We're not trying to knead bread dough here but once I was looking pretty good I used an ice cream scoop to divide this in six different containers. Now is the fun part of pretty much going crazy with whatever flavors you want. The only changes I made here was subbed out the peanut butter one for some rainbow sprinkles and only using white chocolate, Reyes used a combination of white chocolate and the nuts for that flavor. Oh also obviously I'm using skittles instead of M&Ms. The other three are going to be the same though. I gave each one of those a mix and into my cast iron skillet I started to make little pizza slices just keeping in mind that we have six of them so try to leave enough room and space them out evenly the best you can. Don't be afraid to make this a little thicker than you would expect a normal cookie this is going to bake in a very hot pan for 30 minutes in the oven so once I had mine looking good I threw it in the fridge for a few minutes to chill and then eventually into a 350 degree oven for half hour. This is smelling so good right now guys I feel bad for everybody else in the building who is smelling this and can't eat it. It's kind of nice crispy crust on the outside because of that hot cast iron it seems to be cooked all the way through. I'm very pleased with how it cut up nice and evenly. So let's move on to recipe number two. So like I said next up is so yummy is everything cookie this went viral on Instagram a dozen different times I'm pretty sure. Now they recommend using an apple core to make it easier on yourself with some store bought cookie dough to make those little wedges for you. Unfortunately this time of the year grocery stores only really have the basic pre-made cookie dough. They don't have eight different flavors so I'm just going to whip up another half batch of Reyes recipe and then form them into my own little wedges. I'm very interested to see once I get this in a log and chill it and slice it up or the wedges going to stay together is it going to flatten out is Reyes cookie recipe even going to work for this format I suppose we shall find out. It also kind of looks like a giant Tootsie roll once I wrap it up in the parchment and pop it in the fridge for about 20 minutes. This was a pain to cut I'll be honest because of all those candies and pretzels in there. But eventually I popped my cookies onto my cookie sheets and baked them for about 12 to 14 minutes and they flattened out a lot but they smell really good too so let's give both of our recipes a try. Now should I have just plated this and set up sitting here holding a 15 pound cast iron skillet probably whatever though I think the only logical thing to do is go straight for the middle piece for this got everything and I made this so I think I deserve it. Cheers to Alex and Rie I love our group chat. The cookie pace is fantastic it's still soft you know I made this a few hours ago now the taste is great I don't recommend using skittles in a cookie unless you want hard melted sticky I don't even know what it tastes like not skittles anymore I'm a fan I highly recommend this if you've got a cast iron skillet wow 9.3 out of 10 on to number two so I chose to put the cookies that weigh nothing on a plate rather than that mammoth interesting move these definitely don't look terrible I would say that only the double chocolate really sticks out everything else just kind of blends together you would expect this to taste the same because it's made of the same thing it doesn't it's like really thin and snappy and crispy I like it though do I recommend taking the time to hand carve wedges of dough not really you also lose a lot of the dimension when it flattens out like this so I made some cool concepts Rie's wins though hope you guys enjoyed today's video if you did slap a like on this one again huge shout out to this week's sponsor Philo click that link in the top line of the description if you want to go check them out follow me over on Instagram and Twitter if you don't already other than that have an awesome weekend I will see you right back here next time peace and without the agent with the burgers and my money super lazy try making me tonight they pain me trying supersize my life from my 18 yeah I was in wavy but we had a vision