 Hey guys, my name is David's French and you guys challenged me to do an over-sexuality YouTube challenge from 2015 that's been done a thousand times. I got everything that we're gonna leave right here in front of me already Don't worry if you can't see that well. I have my lights as bright as the surface of the sun. So let's get into it Hello, welcome back to the channel of things that I just think of and do. No, don't leave Today I have my dog Nala here And today we are going to camouflage ourselves paint each other into the color blue of the wall behind me I Can not keep her here and I also cannot clown on Jenna. I love her too much Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome back and yes today starts the 37 parts investigation on the death of a smaller YouTube channel called David see Unfortunately for him his views are dropping his weight is rising. Did they say that? Did who say that? He really said that I Made this up. This is a parody Okay, yes His views are dropping his weight is rising and today we try to dig up the reasons why I Just spent way too much time on those skits and you probably don't even know who they are But what is going on guys welcome back to a brand new BuzzFeed test as I've said in the past Would I do little skits like that? It's no actual shade. Those are all the tours I watch and enjoy So don't go over and off and tell them that they got Parody today though on our channel I put up five options on my Instagram poll for you guys to choose from and not surprisingly you guys picked the chocolate Tarts as made by My girl Rie now when people started to see that this one was gonna win I got a bunch of angry comments and DMs on Instagram saying oh, it's another dessert. It's more chocolate I don't want to see it. I don't care. It's Rie the tasty queen and we will be doing it today Plus it looks just plain delicious and I've never made a tart before so let's get right into it So peeps if you are gonna try to make this one at home You're gonna need to grab some powdered sugar and cocoa powder Coat your salt and water some flour and white sugar a few bars of baking dark chocolates Vanilla extract and egg some unsalted butter and then some instant coffee which for some reason I have in these little Weird iced tea packets now as far as baked goods go especially with something like a tart I would think it would be a really Vrigorous process a lot of ingredients and measurements But it's really nice really straightforward. You start with stuff like butter and powdered sugar creamed together I slowly added in an egg and then through some dry ingredients on top of that as always if you want these Specific measurements linked to the tasty video is down in the description Now let's add that all mixed together and the crust started to form I rolled it out I needed it a little bit and then once I formed it into that disc shape the same as with any pie crust I wrapped some plastic wrap around it and then tossed it in the fridge for 30 minutes No, that's for the filling once again This is some really straightforward and easy stuff you start with some butter and water on your stove top Get that nice and hot and then add in your instant coffee and I left it on the heat while I prepared my Chocolate baking bar some sugar and vanilla and then you want to dump that super piping hot Coffee mixture over your chocolate allow it to sit there for about a minute So the chocolate can start to melt down a little bit and then mix it all together The one thing that I'd say is a little bit odd with this is that you add in your whole eggs at the very end Usually this is one of the first ingredients to go in anything that you bake again as I've said at the beginning I've never made a tart so all you bakers out there are probably cringing at me my apologies But now that I had the actual filling ready I had to prepare the chocolate crust and cue all of the angry pitchfork commenters I didn't have a tart pan. I'm sorry Instead I'm gonna try to use this really shallow pie tray How different can it possibly be there's just no crimped edges and it's a little bit deeper than a tart pan So once I had that chocolate dough rolled out nice and thin and wrapped up on my rolling pin I laid it out over my pan I gave the edges a press down and then cut all the excess off I also poked a bunch of holes in the bottom of it and Once I had a few I pre-baked it in a 375 degree oven for 15 minutes until it got a little bit crispy around the edges All we have to do now is dump in our Tart mixture which is pretty cooled off by now Spread it evenly across the bottom and then pop it in the oven for one last time Until the middle is still a little bit jiggly but the outsides are pretty solid looking Now I don't know if I was supposed to have all these little holes from the bubbles on top I don't think reaize did but if it tastes the same I'm not gonna complain If this is as smooth and rich as I'm expecting it to be I'm gonna be so happy and probably eat half of that thing I don't love the bubbles though. Is that enough to trigger your Tripophobia out there it also cuts super well It's like staying together. It literally just looks like a melted down chocolate bar on the inside. Oh, man I Yeah, I love the flavor of that crust and then with when the crunchy bits mix in with that really smooth interior Oh, man, that's good. If I were to make this again, I would probably tone back on the coffee a little bit Because that's coming through I'm probably even more so than the chocolate in the filling But other than that, this is so good. I got to give that a very solid 9.2 out of 10 rea If you're watching this, thank you for gifting this to the world Whenever I eat anything now I have to come up and make sure I have no chocolate or stuff smudged on my face I do hope you guys enjoyed today's video and the cringe-worthy skit at the beginning if you did leave a big like I also oh my god. I have to remind you if you order your merch by December 1st it is guaranteed to get to you before Christmas after December 1st. There's no guarantee of it shipping in time The link to my holiday shirts the sweatshirts the backpacks It's in the top line of the description go check it out if you haven't yet Follow me over on Twitter and Instagram other than that have an awesome weekend and I'll see you right back here next time You