 What is going on guys and welcome back to another BuzzFeed test. For those of you who were just so concerned, yes I have fully recovered from the last video, the pumpkin spice jungle juice, if you haven't seen it, I recommend go watch it. But we are here, we are alive, all to make the Salvadorian Papusa that came in second on last week's Instagram poll. I really wanted those to win a ton of you guys DM'd me and said forget the poll, we just want you to make these. So I'm giving to you this week. I've never made anything like this before. It's pretty much a homemade tortilla type of dough with some ground pork and some cheese and it's all fried together and it looks amazing. I am very excited to give this a try today so let's get right into it. So guys if you're going to give these Salvadorian Papusa's a try today, you're going to need to grab yourself some masa harina which is some corn flour, some water and kosher salts, some type of pork, I'm using a pork loin, you could do some boneless spirits or something like that, some cabbage and mozzarella cheese, tomato and some dried oregano, a green bell pepper, one onion, some vinegar and some carrots. I just like to point out how much healthier and more wholesome these ingredients look than the last few videos. That's a result of this not being an American based recipe. And we are going to get started by chopping some of those vegetables up. This is going to be for the slaw, the pickled cabbage. I'm not exactly sure what to call this. It's basically going to be a combination of some red cabbage, some onion and a couple of shredded up carrot sticks. Once I had a good amount of all three chopped up, I blanched them all together in a bowl with four cups of super hot boiling water. This will soften up the vegetables and get it to absorb some of our spices and vinegar later. Now after you let this bowl sit for a few minutes, I let mine go about 15 minutes. I drained it out with a strainer the best that I could and then in a completely separate container combine some vinegar, a few teaspoons of salt and some oregano. As you can see, the oregano did not want to mix in very well, but I dumped it in anyways. I tried to toss the mixture throughout my cabbage. You want a really good coating so that when you throw your cabbage mix into your mason jars, they ferment. I don't even know what this is scientifically called. You basically seal them up in an airtight mason jar, leave them in a fridge overnight, things happen, flavors occur, we will see tomorrow. But now we can start preparing the pork portion. I grabbed a pound of my pork loin and I cut them pretty small. It doesn't really matter how big or small you cut your pieces. You're going to end up blending it into like a ground pork at the end anyway. I would recommend trying to cut them equally sized so they cook at the same time. That's probably the only thing. You're also going to want to chop up some tomato. In the video, they say one tomato. I'm assuming theirs was a lot smaller than mine so I'm only going to use half of what you see here. And then half of a green belt pepper. Again, this is all getting blended up so it does not really matter how big or small you cut these pieces. But now that that's all chopped up and prepared, we can begin to cook our pork. In my very hot pan with some oil down, I threw my pork and it took about 20 to 25 minutes to fully cook all of these pieces through to get some good color on all sides of the pieces. I'm not excited to wash this pan and all the burnt bits out of the bottom. But once your pork is looking pretty good like this and you've let it cool for a little while, you're going to throw it in a food processor or a blender like this one along with your tomatoes and your green peppers blend this all together. The last time I blended a meat, it was raw chicken and I'm a little bit scarred by how disgusting that ended up being for that chicken parm pizza. It was gross. We can only pray that this mixture will turn out better. But lastly, we have to prepare our masa harina. I can't wait until all of you cringe at my pronunciation of that. But this is literally just the flour, some salt and some water mixed together. You could start trying to throw your papusas together. I also just had to quickly shred up that block of mozzarella cheese. The amount of cheese I've gone through in the past month is probably more than a dairy farm. So let's move on. Now with this first one, I kind of noticed that the dough was super cracky. It wasn't really staying together too well. The meat was kind of poking out a lot. So I did the best I could at forming it, eventually adding some water and actually a touch of oil into my dough mixture. And then with the next few, they were a ton easier to form. So if you find the same difficulty, I would recommend just throwing some moisture in there of some sorts. And hopefully it'll be a little bit easier for you as well. And guys, all we have to do now is take our papusas on the same pan, the same non-stick pan with very little oil and give a nice brown to both sides. I'm going to try to make sure that the dough is cooked through so there's no raw spots in the middle. Make sure all that cheese gets melted down. I am excited as all heck to try these out and what I have here is looking very good. So let's give them a try. For my first time ever making these, come on, they don't look too bad. They smell like freshly made tortillas if you've ever made those like hard taco shells or something like that. They smell really good. We also have this interesting concoction to see how it came out. I left it in the fridge overnight. You could see how much it condensed. I'm interested to smell it too to be honest. It doesn't smell bad. It's just that initial like pungency of vinegar. It's a little strong, but we'll we'll leave it over here for now. I kind of just want to break one of these open just to see how that looks on the inside. You guys ready for this? I'm not ready. Ow. It's burning my hand. Snap. It looks so good. Yep, this is fantastic and I'm going to eat a dozen of them. The best part of this as it is is that pork mixture. It's like super flavorful ground pork. I literally almost forgot to put the cabbage on it. Please hold. I almost said my one little complaint is that it's a tad dry. Maybe some sour cream or something would be good. I'm dropping everything all over the floor. But this should be good. I like cabbage and onions and vinegar. So this is really good though guys. I saw a comment on the jungle juice video. Oh, it looks like you're starting to enjoy these recipes a little too much, David. Yeah, because you guys suggest me this stuff. It's too good. What highly recommend you guys give these a try? If you have everything to make them at home, a very solid 9.7 out of 10. I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did leave me a big thumbs up. I'm really trying hard to just pump these videos out without thinking about it too much this month. And it's going well so far. I have two more pumpkin spice videos for you. The last one being probably the biggest video I've ever done ever. Follow me over on Twitter and Instagram if you don't already. Other than that, have an awesome weekend and I'll see you right back here next time.