 What is going on my peeps? Welcome back to a brand new video on the channel. Today we have an epic throwdown of two amazing looking videos. They're very very similar. One of which being Eric Anderson's famous double cheeseburger, the other being Mark Rosati, the culinary director of Shake Shack's hamburger, the chakper. Now as a native New Yorker, I'm sure I'm gonna have a little bit more of a bias towards Shake Shack. Of course we have the whole feud between In and Out and Shake Shack, but I've never had it in an out so. Not really in a position to comment on that, but I am beyond excited to try both of these today. So let's get right into it. First up to the plate today is the simpler of the two recipes, the chak burger. I grabbed a few pounds of ground beef, some ketchup and potato rolls, some lettuce, salt and pepper, cayenne pepper, a jar of pickles, some mayonnaise, some dijon mustard, and some American cheese slices. Now for step number one we are going to get our potato rolls nice and toasty over on our cast iron skillet, which is probably gonna be our best friend today in this video. After I brushed our rolls with some melted down butter, I gave them about a minute or two on the skillet over medium heat, and those browned up beautifully. For step number two and what's probably gonna be the biggest difference between this recipe and the next burger we're doing, the sauce. For our chak sauce, I combined a half cup of mayo, one tablespoon of dijon mustard, three quarters of a teaspoon of ketchup, a quarter teaspoon of that pickle juice, and just a pinch of cayenne or some red pepper. And as I began to mix this, it began to look and smell exactly like the sauce from chakshack, so I'm already so high. But for the time being, I threw that in the fridge while I prepared our ground beef. Now this package came at about 2.75 pounds, there's nothing I could find at two pounds, so I did the best I could to take out a pound of beef, I threw in a bowl and began to mix it around, started to form some quarter pound balls, and then once I tossed some salt and pepper on the top, down onto our skillet, these can go. Now I was very tempted to add some type of oil or fat down on the skillet first, but it seems like they didn't in the video, so I'm gonna avoid it. I'm hoping that this beef since it's 80% lean and 20% fat has enough fat in it to compensate for that. Now after I smashed the patty down and scraped it off of the underside of my spatula, I gave it about a minute or two to get a nice crust, flipped it over, I quickly salted the top again, and then a minute later, topped it off with a piece of that American cheese. It's amazing that one of the most simple and easy to do recipes is one of the most delicious American staples, but it is time to now assemble our masterpiece. I grabbed the toasted potato roll, I gave about a tablespoon of that chax sauce across the bottom, a nice piece of lettuce, and screw the tomatoes because tomatoes are the devil reincarnated, so I'm gonna skip the tomatoes on both this one and the other burgers so that they're even. But this thing looks absolutely fantastic either way my mouth is watering, let's just try this. I have never been so happy to be a youtuber that makes food like this for a living. I'm pretty sure my entire like four-block radius around my house smells the burgers I've been cooking all day, I'm gonna set my fire alarm off, but enough, let's just taste it. I would imagine this is what happiness looks like in food form. This is so good guys, I would say it doesn't taste exactly like the shake shack I've had, it maybe is a little less salty or there's something a little bit off, but it's still amazing. I cannot imagine the next burger beating this one, I'm gonna give this a solid 9.5 out of 10. Now obviously the bar has been set very high, so Mr. Eric Anderson, you have a lot of living up to do. For his double cheeseburger, I grabbed the same type of ground beef, 80% lean, some ketchup and garlic powder, the same potato rolls, lettuce, salt and pepper, mayo, white wine vinegar, lemon juice, relish, American cheese, thyme and some pickles. Now I'm sure a lot of you culinary ads out there are not gonna be happy with me, but in the video he started with a full steak, he diced it up, marinated it overnight with some garlic, some fresh thyme. I don't got thyme like that, get it, get it, but not only do I not have the thyme, but I also don't have a meat grinder, so I'm just gonna wing it and try to get as close as I can. But before we get to the actual ground beef, once again I toasted up some potato rolls the same way I did last time, I chopped up some iceberg lettuce nice and thin to be our base and then moved on to Eric's sauce, which is kind of similar to a big max sauce, but we will see. Once again I grabbed a half cup of mayo, two and a half tablespoons of ketchup, two and a half tablespoons of relish, a teaspoon of the vinegar and a teaspoon of lemon juice. I gave that a good mix and then just finished that whole thing with some salt and pepper and left it in the fridge while I cooked up the burgers. Into one pound of our ground beef I added in some salt and pepper, about a tablespoon of fresh thyme, some granulated garlic and the ingredient that might just make this burger slightly better than the last one, some diced up bacon. Now again unfortunately I cannot grind this down into the beef, but I literally took three slices and chopped it as much as I physically could, this stuff was pulverized by the time I was done with it. And once I added that into my chop meat it looked like it mixed in very well so I'm kind of happy with how this is coming out. Now once again over on my cast iron I threw down a couple quarter pound burgers, smashed them the same way I did with the last recipe, maybe even tried to get them a little bit thinner this time because they are a double cheeseburger so it's going to be a lot bigger. I flipped these babies up, topped them with some American cheese, one slice of onion to go in the middle of the entire burger, took it off the heat and once again it is assembly time. First start with our toasted potato rolls, some of that fake relishy big mac sauce, a nice generous bed of some shredded lettuce, our absolutely delicious looking cheeseburgers on top of that and then just added some more of that sauce on the other bun as well as some pickles and topped the whole thing off. About 20 minutes ago I didn't think there was any way humanly possible that this recipe would be the last one. I'm kind of doubting myself now. If that's not a thumbnail I don't know what is ladies and gentlemen. Oh my goodness I should probably be slightly concerned about how much my mood is affected by the food I'm eating. Actually I don't really care. Oh my god. This is amazing. I really could stop it. Wow I cannot remember the last video that was this freaking good. I just they have to end about 15 seconds so I'm going to put it down for a minute. The burgers are cooked so perfectly they're juicy and salty and delicious. The sauce is like way better than I thought it was going to be and I do have to say I think that chopped up bacon made a bigger difference than I was initially expecting so I didn't think it would happen but you are witnessing that thing gets a 10 out of 10, a hundred out of 10 if I could even give that. You know what this is my damn show I'm giving that a hundred out of 10. I can do what I want. You want a bite? You want a delicious juicy bite? Nope just kidding it's mine. I'm very tempted to just not even say anything else and make the whole outro just me sitting here enjoying this. But I hope you guys enjoyed the best video I've done and I can't remember how long if you did. Throw a like on this one could we try to hit like 5800 I think that's a good number. If you don't already make sure to follow me on Instagram and Twitter the links are down in the description as well as my PO box and I'll leave it right here for you too send me some cool stuff I'll show you guys out in the mail vlog other than I hope you have an awesome rest of your week I'm gonna have a pretty awesome rest of my day devouring the rest of that burger. you You 2 seconds please non straight up the wait but before we get to the actual burga But before we get to the actual ground beef, once again.