 One of my favorite things now is just seeing you guys spamming my name and tagging me on almost every single tasty video that they upload. I'm shocked I haven't blacklisted my name yet. Shoutouts to all you guys though that I've been doing that. It genuinely makes me laugh every single time I see it. But what is going on today? My peeps welcome back to a brand new BuzzFeed test. This one is hopefully not going to be too late in the day on Friday. I'm filming this at midnight the night before. But this one is an OG recipe. It's from over two years ago. It's the sliders for ways. You guys I'm sure I've seen this video. This week I didn't do a Twitter poll or Instagram story poll just because I wanted to choose one for myself. I've been doing a ton of desserts. I wanted to get back to some normal foods for a little bit. And I've wanted to try this forever. So let's get right into it. Now guys right off the bat I will admit that I'm going to skip over the egg one. And that's A because I don't know what I'm going to do with 80 sliders in the end. And B I think we all know what scrambled eggs and ham taste like together. So I'm only going to do three of them. So let's start today by preparing the chicken that I'm going to use for two of the three sliders. And if you go back a few weeks worth of my videos you would see the sheet pan crunch wrap where I parboiled some chicken. I shredded it up to make some fajitas with. And I'm going to prepare my chicken today very similarly. In a saucepan I threw down some chicken breasts, boneless and skinless of course. Tussed in some cold water let it come to a boil and then simmer off for about 25 minutes until these things were cooked all the way through. Ever since I've made that video I've used this cooking method a few times. It's really easy. Once you cook the chicken for enough time and let them cool you should be able to shred them up with a couple of forks pretty easily. You kind of get this perfect like pulled chicken consistency for some sandwiches or fajitas or tacos or whatever you want to make. So I suggest try this if you haven't. But I did toss that over to the side while I chopped up some of my onion. We're not going to need a ton of this today. So I just chopped up a smaller red onion and then some of my fresh parsley of course by separating all the leaves and giving that a nice fine chop. And to add some fuel to the fire of more things I'm changing in this video I wasn't able to find those smaller sheets of those like Hawaiian dinner roll type things. I found these slightly larger ones they should work the same light enough people it's just bread. It is bad now that as I'm filming this in real time I'm envisioning all the comments and you guys typing them out like he changed their dinner rolls it's going to taste completely different. No relax it's just bread but let's move right along. So I grabbed the bottom half of some of my slider buns and kind of pieced about nine of them together to get a square. Toss down some of my shredded chicken as well as some barbecue sauce you can use whatever type of sauce that you like for this. A nice layer of our chopped up red onions and then finish it all off with some slices of pepper jack cheese. I sprinkled a little bit of my fresh chopped up parsley before adding the top layer of the buns and just brushing on some melted butter on top of that. This is probably to prevent them from browning too quickly in the oven if I had to guess but once I did that I baked them at 350 degrees for about 20 minutes I took them out and the buns were kind of hard they probably didn't need 20 minutes maybe closer to 15 or 16 but I did get a piece so let's move on to number two. Next up is going to be our chicken parm-esque sliders I first started with another layer of that shredded up chicken that we prepared with some marinara sauce. I wasn't sure exactly how much to put on so I just kind of guessed here before adding on some fresh mozzarella and then some more of that fresh parsley. A big difference with this one instead of just butter I combined some butter and fresh garlic some of that parsley and parmesan cheese and basically spread that over the top of the buns instead of just the butter alone. I baked this off in the same temperature oven for a little less time so those buns wouldn't brown up as quickly and this is looking pretty good too so let's move on to our third and final slider. This one's going to be the most work if I had to guess I grabbed two pounds of ground beef. I seasoned this just with some salt and pepper and garlic powder and gave that a mix before throwing it onto my cookie sheet and trying to get it into a big flat square you want this considerably larger than the buns that you're going to put this on because it's going to shrink a lot in the oven as you bake it. It's also going to create a ton of very hot burger grease so as you're taking it out of your hot oven be careful don't spill this all over your hand. But once I did have that cooked patty I transferred it over to another layer of my slider buns. Toast on some more red onion along with some cheddar slices this time those finishing buns and some more butter. Apparently even in non-baking recipes we still go through a ton of butter on this show no surprises there. I grabbed myself one of each type of my sliders and I'm excited to see how these taste so let's give them a try. Now as per usual with most of my videos and tasty recipes they don't come out looking as good as theirs do. There's look like being a commercial or something mine do not I'm sorry. I'm going to start with the barbecue chicken one it's got. Barbecue sauce some pepper jack cheese. Okay I'll give you down with this. When you prepare chicken like this it's kind of impossible for it to dry out like when you parboil it like that. I need to just douse it with barbecue sauce. I could use some pickles on here maybe maybe a little bit of hot sauce or something but I like this a lot. I'm happy with that one as you can tell I would eat a bunch of those so 9 out of 10. Now here is my mess of a chicken parm one. It's kind of like full on a part on me. So the flavor is good. Chicken's good. Sauce is good. This bottom bun is like gross. It's like a soggy there's a lot of things I could say that it resembles I won't say any of them. How about if I eat it like this? The butter I probably went a little too heavy with the marinara sauce so if you're going to try that one go very light. A six out of 10. And for the finale our classic cheeseburger slider this thing is monstrous. If you're a slider it's very thick and it looks kind of dry mainly probably because I baked it but that's gross. Don't do that. Oh it's like a salty dried meatloaf. Look at that. That's disgusting. Look at how dry and like I hate meatloaf too so that's like the worst. Yeah don't do that. If you are going to try to make sliders do it normally don't try to cheat and bake it because it comes out terrible. Make them really thin, grill it or put it in a frying pan or something like that's nasty. I was just joking. I hope you guys enjoyed today's bus feed test. If you did leave me a big like. I know this one was kind of boring maybe a little slow not as excitable as some of the other ones but it was nice to have a little bit of a break this week. We've done so many desserts and crazy over-the-top stuff so it was nice to take it easy but let me know what you want to see next week. I'll probably do another Instagram poll in the next few days. Follow me on Twitter and Instagram look out for that other than that. Have an awesome weekend and I'll see you right back here next time.