 What's going on my peeps and welcome back to another one. Now before we get into this week's recipe, I have a couple huge announcements that I need to let you guys know. Number one, I've just recently made and some of you guys have already found this. A second channel is called More David. I'm gonna be posting vlogs and extras and different types of videos and my first Q&A. So go over there and subscribe if you want so you don't miss it. It'll be the first link in the top of the description. Number two, and I've been hinking at this for the longest time I will have an upload for you guys in three days on Sunday. This Sunday's video has taken me over a week to film and I'm just trying to get ahead because I have some trips coming up, schools about to get harder and I just didn't want to promise you guys a video if I didn't know I was gonna be able to have it up. And finally number three, I mentioned this before. A long time ago I asked you guys for questions for Q&A and I never got around to doing it. I have no idea what video that was on so if you have any questions that you want me to answer, leave them down in the comments and I'll do as many as I possibly can. Anyway, this week we are gonna be trying the Taco Pie recipe suggested by tons and tons of people. I am extremely excited for this one so let's get right into it. Alright guys, this recipe has quite a few steps so we are going to start with the construction of the crust. And for that you are going to need flour, salt, water, butter and plastic sheet. I mean American cheese. I really don't like this stuff. Anyways let's get started in either your blender or your food processor, take a half a stick of butter which is about a quarter cup and cut that up into cubes. Then throw in a quarter teaspoon of salt, three slices of American cheese, a cup of flour and start mixing that together. Once it starts seeming like it's gonna come together you're gonna throw in a couple teaspoons of water and continue to do that and mixing it until you get this cottage cheese-type rice crispy looking thing. Once you've reached that stage you are going to throw that out on your countertop and roll that out like a dough. It should be super pliable but not easily breakable and that should be good right there. Now you're gonna throw that into your pan, flatten it out and then cut off the excess around the sides. We're also gonna pre-bake this in a 400 degree oven for about 15 minutes until the edges get nice and crispy like this. Now we're gonna start working on the filling. So grab yourself an onion, dice that up until you get a half cup. You are then gonna throw that down into a pan with a pound of chopped meat or minced meat or hamburger meat, whatever you like to call this and keep that over medium to high heat until it browns all the way around. Also they didn't show this in their video but I'm pretty sure you're gonna have to drain all of this water and grease. So drain that out to the best of your ability and then you're gonna add a half cup of salsa and a full packet of taco seasoning. Allow that two to three more minutes to simmer all together and we're ready to construct our pie. So grab your crust, throw down a couple pieces of this insanely fake cheese, then a nice big layer of your meat. In the video they topped it off with a layer of refried beans but then it happened in around here. I just skipped that step and moved on to the next layer of American cheese and since we clearly don't have enough cheese already, we're going to top that off with some shredded cheddar cheese. I then threw that back into the oven until the cheese all melts down and while that was doing so, I grabbed myself a cupcake mold through the extra dough in there and then constructed miniature little cupcake tacos. I made it exactly like I did with the big version and these things came out looking pretty cool. And finally we're going to top our large one with some chopped up lettuce, some tomato, some sour cream, a little more shredded cheese and voila. And this thing's looking pretty dope. I'd say exactly like bus feeds too. Let's give it a try. Alright, peeps, here's the big moment. Let me try to get a piece of everything here. I am okay. I'm alright. So let me just tell you the meat part spot on the spice and the onion and everything else is like perfect levels. The cheese and all the other toppings on top are also good. But the best part of this and the part I was most skeptical about is the crust. Since I pre-cooked it and got it nice and crispy all the way around, it tastes exactly like cheese hits. If any of you guys like those and like tacos, man is this thing for you. Mmm. That thing's good, man. Thank God. Because I needed the episode like this. I don't remember the last time I gave this out or if I ever have given one out but 10 out of 10. Good job. But I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. If you did, smash a like on this for me. Like I said at the beginning, don't forget to go over to my second channel and subscribe and leave a question in the comments for me to answer in my Q&A. And look out for this Sunday's video because it's pretty good one. I hope you guys have an absolutely awesome way. Thank you so much for making us to the end of the video. Peace.