 What is going on my peeps? Welcome back to this week's brand new Buzzfeed Test. Now if you just found me recently or even today or yesterday, you came at a pretty darn good time because I am officially or unofficially declaring this week as Cheese Week. Today we have two different mac and cheese recipes, one from Terry Cruz, the other from Lawrence Page, both off of Tasty's YouTube channel of course, and uppitting them head to head in a classic old Buzzfeed versus. And to top that all off, this Sunday I'm coming out with a cheese related DIY. It has been one of the most time consuming, frustrating DIYs I've ever done and working on it for weeks, but it's almost there. I think it's going to be perfect really soon. But anyways back to this video, thank you to everyone who has suggested each one of these videos the past few months that they've been now. Let's get right into the first one. Now as good as both of these videos, look, I do have my guess as to which one's going to come out the best. I'm not going to spoil it for you though. What I will tell you though is Lawrence Page, you're up first. What you're going to need to grab for his recipe is some elbow macaroni, evaporated milk, mozzarella cheese, a stick of butter, a ton of shark cheddar cheese, some feta cheese, a few eggs, salt and pepper, good at cheese, and I couldn't find a block of provolone cheese so I got some slices. Don't kill me. Now if you are out there with half a brain tell, I'm sure you can assume what the first step is going to be. You got to boil up some water, let pasta do what pasta does. Of course add a little salt to the season of water and blah, blah, blah. And let that finish off cooking while we start working on all of our cheeses. First, I'm going to be working on this block of cheddar. You're going to need two cups in total for this recipe so I divided half of this block and then into quarters and shredded it up the best that I could. Once I completely worked through that, I began to work on the gooda and the mozzarella. Both of these came in similar blocks, both of which I also need one cup of. I then quickly measured out two tablespoons of feta cheese and to finish all of it off, I grabbed a few slices of that provolone cheese and tried to thinly slice it so it kind of looked like it came from a shredded block or something. And you're going to need a couple of that as well. And that pipe friends is pretty much all you need to do to prep for this recipe. I grabbed my cooked and strained pasta and threw it in a nice big bowl. I then added in an entire stick of softened butter. Would you like some macaroni with that butter, sir? I've just wrinkled in some salt along with some black pepper. And now it is time for the star of the show, all of our cheeses. First, I threw in half of our cheddar cheese so that's one cup and then topped that with one cup of the provolone cheese, the goode of that we shredded out earlier, the mozzarella cheese, and then of course the feta. I gave that a quick little toss just to let the cheese begin to incorporate, then topped on three whole eggs and slowly added in that whole can of evaporated milk. I did notice that in the video, his cheese kind of melted as he was doing this, but I think I let my pasta cool down for too long. I don't think that'll give us too much of a problem though. So once I got that whole can of evaporated milk in, you just have to lay that out into a oven-safe glass pan, topped that with the rest of that cheddar cheese and then into a 350 oven for 40 minutes. Coming out, this thing looked absolutely beautiful. The cheese was perfectly browned and bubbly. It's looking pretty much like the video except I did notice it's not as like gooey and saucy as the video was, but let's give it a try. So Mr. Lawrence Page, I have some high expectations for you. Number one, because you are a professional chef that has appeared on TV a lot. And number two, because I spend close to $30 on the cheese alone for this macaroni. So, cheers! Can I like my cheese, the macaroni to you? Here, open up, open wide, let the chuchu train. Oh no, I got on my lens. All right, I think you guys are good. Let's do this. I am most certainly a fan of this one. The flavor is fantastic. I do want to mention I didn't add as much salt as they said and it came out pretty good. Like it doesn't need two teaspoons. I don't think ever. Like I said though, it's not nearly as runny and saucy as it looked in the video. I don't know if they like change something after, but it is really tasty and I'm going to give it a eight out of ten. Next up to the plate today, we have Mr. Terry Cruz and his Mac and Jaze. And since we already have pasta boiled and some cheddar cheese left over from the last one, the prep for this is going to be even more straightforward. I started by measuring out eight ounces of sour cream, which is pretty much just a cup. I leveled the cup off. I set it to the side and then began to measure out two cups of some small curd cottage cheese. I've never been the biggest fan of cottage cheese mainly because it does closely resemble something I haven't been up in history with, but today I'll let it slide. It's going to be cooked anyway. And once I had that measured out, I tossed it in a bigger bowl along with that cup of sour cream. I did grab a quick egg also and just gave that like a heavy beating like 90% of YouTube community did to Jake Paul. And then added that into our mix along with some salt and mix that all together. Two cups of shredded cheddar cheese can be thrown on top of that and then a half package of boiled elbow pasta. I do want to stress that this is going to be essentially half of the amount of macaroni cheese that we made in the previous one. That's why there is such less cheese. Not sure why they did it like this, but we're rolling with it. I got that mixed up. And then this time since he used coconut oil to coat the bottom of the pan, I can't have coconuts. I'm sorry I'm allergic. So me, I just used a stick of butter to rub along the bottom and the sides to try to imitate the same thing he had. I know it's going to come out horrible. List your comments. I'll be waiting. And then just toss down our macaroni and cheese mix a bunch of more shredded cheddar cheese and then a nice light sprinkle of paprika over the top. In the same temperature oven for the same amount of time, this thing came out looking just as good as the last one. This is going to be a close race. So let's give it a try. So here we have recipe number two from Mr. Terry Cruz. I do like how they added paprika on the top. I've never had paprika on macaroni cheese before, but it's a neat idea. I am low-key a little scared about how many cottage cheese curds I see along throughout this. But we'll see. Maybe it'll blend in with the other cheeses and stuff. I can't be biased here. Here, you want some? Actually, no, no, no, I'm not not dirtying my camera again. Look at that faces. I don't love it because literally 90% of what you taste is the cottage cheese. Ironically enough, I like the texture of this one a little bit more than the last one, but the taste is just it's overwhelmingly cottage cheese. Maybe if you like toned back on that a little bit. The paprika on the top definitely gives the top an upgrade though, but besides all that, it's pretty much the same. So I'll give it a slight bump down, but I give it last one eight. I'll give this a, I feel like a seven is too high. I'll give it a six and a half. But I hope you guys enjoyed this week's video. If you did, smash that like button. Can we get six thousand likes? I don't know the last time we hit that, but let's try to get it on this one. Follow me on Instagram, Twitter, the links are in the description as always. Leave me a comment on what you want to see me try next. I'm out of the net. I will see you on Sunday. I cannot wait for this video to go up. It has been a long time coming. Other than that, have an awesome rest of your week. Peace!