 I used to be also conscious of blowing my nose in front of like a class of 20 people. I just probably blew it in front of about 100,000 people so times have changed. I've been sick since I posted my last video on Monday so it's been like five days now, so thank you all for your concern. But let's get into business. Over on Twitter I asked you guys what I should do this week because honestly I'm running out of ideas a little bit and I'd like to thank number one, the homey Emma for trying to give me a little bit of a break because if you didn't we've had some catastrophic failures these past few weeks. And number two, shout out to Hector because he suggested the ice cream rolls which obviously is what we're trying out this week. These things have been absolutely everywhere the past few months you literally can't go on a social media and not see a video of it. And if you're about to be one of those commenters that say David, tasty hasn't posted a video about this. This is not a bus feed test, bus feed has posted about five articles about it by now so I think I'm allowed. But I'm not talking, maybe this ice cream will end up making me feel better somehow. So let's get right into it. So guys this is going to be one of the most simple recipes we've done in, I can't remember how long. Literally all you need is some whole milk, heavy cream, some sugar and some salt. And then of course whatever toppings or color rings you're going to add at the very end. But this is for the base. Begin over on your stove top by measuring out three tablespoons of whole milk, a quarter of a cup of heavy cream, one tablespoon of your sugar and just a pinch of salt. Using a rubber heat resistant spatula over high heat, stir this mixture, making sure all that salt and sugar dissolves. Now once this makes, does start bubbling, just turn off the heat, set it to the side and let it come back to room temperature. In the meantime, I grab myself a cookie sheet and some potty knives that I just bought for about four dollars each I think. Make sure you've moved stickers and watched these thoroughly because we don't know who's been touching up on. Now after about five to ten minutes, once your base has completely cooled down, you could slowly pour it in the middle of your cookie sheet, add in your Oreos and start chopping away. And now proper or fancy way to go about this, just chop and make as much noise as you possibly can. Make sure the whole house hears you. And being at this mix is pretty much just straight up sugary heavy cream. It does have a tendency to run everywhere, but just keep trying to keep it in the middle, hopefully it'll stay together while it freezes. I think I gave mine about eight hours in total. I'm not sure exactly how much you need, but this is looking good. So I once again grabbed the potty knife and reluctantly began to start rolling. With some of the recipes we've done recently, this was much needed. Something that actually works as advertised, so you can imagine how relieved I am. Let's give it a taste. Now in the process between what you just saw and me running back down here, it did melt a little bit, but it's still mostly intact. They're not the prettiest. I'm going to attempt to eat this as a roll. Are you supposed to pick it up and eat it? I don't even know. Here we go. Guys, I'm like, I can't fathom what's happening right now. I found something that doesn't take hours to do. It comes out like it actually says it should come out and it tastes amazing. What is this? This is excellent. It's like some of the best ice cream I've had in a while, too. I'm impressed, guys. I have no complaints. It's not overly sweet or anything like that. This thing is getting a 10. Hello, we have to ask ourselves if it's a coincidence that the first recipe that has gotten a 10 in a while isn't a Buzzfeed recipe. If they didn't hate me before, they hate me now. Now because everything worked out so perfectly and I'm sure this is probably kind of a short video right now, I'm going to try it all again and change it up a little bit. Mainly because I've always wanted to do something galaxy and I've never done it before, so let's try it with this. I quickly whipped up another batch of that ice cream base with the milk and the heavy cream and then just divided it into three different containers. I attempted to use these gel icing colors to make one a nice light pink, one a blue, and then I was going to combine the two colors to make a purple, but it kind of just turned into like this nasty looking gray brown purple. But I think it's close enough. So I grabbed a different cookie sheet and then first laid down that nasty murky purple and then just lightly drizzled over that, both the pink and the blue. And surprisingly, this is actually not looking too bad. I gave this one the same amount of time in the freezer about 7 and a half hours and just like before, I grabbed a clean putty knife and tried to make some rolls out of this. Now I'm sensing some correlation here. Every single time I add the stupid gel icing coloring, it ends up ruining the recipe. Either that or I messed up the base the second time I made it, but either way, the first time works, so we're going to stick with that. But I hope you guys enjoyed this week's BuzzFeed Test. If you did, slap a like on this video. Let's try to hit like 6400 somewhere in that range. Quickly before I go, I'm going to shout out all of the lucky charms giveaway winners right here. I did Instagram livestream and randomly picked them. If you weren't there, these are all the winners. I've notified them all. So unfortunately, if you did enter and your name's out here, I'm sorry, but you didn't win. And guys, we are so close to 200,000 subscribers. I like, I didn't even realize how close we were until this morning, honestly. I'm dying. But whenever it is that we hit that number, whether it's next week, next month, I don't care. I have some amazing announcements that I cannot express how badly I want to just tell you now, but I'm going to wait. And it may or may not involve some more giveaways. I don't want to give too much away now. Just keep that in mind. But other than that, I hope you have an awesome rest of your week. And I'll see you right back here for the next video. Hopefully, either Sunday night or Monday morning-ish. I'll have another DIY for you.