 I'm gonna be honest with you guys. I don't think I've ever been as conflicted when filming a Buzzfeed test And I am right now for this week's options on my Instagram poll I gave you the Flamin' Hot Cheeto Burrito the best brownies you'll ever eat ice cream cake pops and fried rice chicken teriyaki cups And once again a landslide victory went to the brownies. It wasn't even close and I did think it was a little bit odd It's just because recently we've done the brownie bombs. We've done the salted caramel brownies just like three weeks ago And who can forget the best fudgey brownies that I've mentioned a hundred times on this channel now But that's what you guys voted for and I was pretty set with that up until I started Reading my Instagram DMs David, please don't do the brownies again. Come on. You've made brownies so many times How these polls go every week. You're gonna be testing sweets for the rest of your life. No, don't do this We already have so many brownie recipes. Please don't do these I hate when people vote on the most simple recipes. I don't know what to do Obviously it just comes down to the overall votes about 10,000 of you guys now vote on my Instagram polls And I can't go against that if you want me to change it and do something different Let me know in the comments of this video But for this week, I'm gonna be following your guys's vote and doing the best brownies They have a lot to live up to compared to those fudgey brownies from a few months ago. So let's get right into it So guys for our 17th version of brownies on the channel I grabbed some Dark cocoa powder. This is the only main thing I have to change because over in the video They use Dutch processed cocoa powder. I can never seem to find that. I'm hoping this dark powder will make that much of a difference Some espresso powder some semi-sweet chocolate baking bars some butter and vanilla extract a couple of eggs kosher salt brown sugar white sugar and flour. That's pretty much it Another very first thing I did was chopped up those two baking bars This is eight ounces of chocolate in total and I dumped those into a container Afterwards I added in some of my cocoa powder and some of the espresso powder and said that to the side while I melted down Two and a half sticks of unsalted butter in my small saucepan You want this butter to get as hot as possible without burning any of the little bits at the bottom And what you do that you're gonna pour it over your chocolate allow it to sit for a few minutes and then mix that all together And you'll get this beautiful ganache looking chocolate instead of cream its butter, but it's close enough Next up on the list today is our sugars first two cups of our granulated sugar along with Some brown sugar a little bit of vanilla and about two teaspoons of our kosher salt And then I set that to the side while I cracked six eggs in total if this was a year ago I'd have eight pieces of shell in there and half the yolks would be broken, but I've improved thankfully and I wanted a time I dumped in my eggs into the sugar and then used my electric hand mixer to incorporate everything together Apparently this is the most important part you want to mix the heck out of all these eggs and the sugar to Incorporate as much air as possible if you don't it'll be flat and more dense in the end So just mix it until your arm feels like it's about to fall off You can also waste some time mixing by counting out all the different channels that think they started bushy tests trust me You'd be there for a while Anyway, once everything was mixed up together I slowly dumped in my butter and chocolate mix Afterwards you do not want to mix this a lot that chocolate will cause it to deflate Apparently, so I just mixed everything in together and set that mixer off to the side The very last step here is to sift in both a cup of flour and another half cup of that dark chocolate cocoa powder and Then carefully fold those dry ingredients in as lightly as you can be if it's possible even more light than Jake Paul's thinning hair I feel like this video is gonna get me in some trouble, but who cares And finally in a large metal pen I threw down some parchment paper a little bit of butter to prevent any sticking from happening and I dumped in my batter and Spread that whole thing out across the entire pan This is where it differs from a lot of brownie recipes You want to pop it in the oven 350 degrees for 20 minutes You want to take it out Slam it against the countertop to create some cracks in the surface Salt the top I'm using kosher salt for this instead of sea salt and then finish it in the same temperature oven for another 25 minutes. That's 45 minutes total of cook time. I love this to cool I popped it right out of the pan it came out super easily I chopped up a couple of even squares and it is now time to give these a try So here I have a nice little platter of my brownies. They are super dark I'm assuming that's because of the dark cocoa powder I use And that'll affect the flavor. I'm sure a little bit, but hopefully not that much I'm not mean for that to happen Now I'm gonna have ants everywhere. Oh my I brought my snitch So I'm gonna be honest with you guys these kind of stuff. I was comparing them to the Fudgey brownies as I've mentioned They do not hold a candle to them. They taste like a slightly above average boxed brownie mix Could the cocoa powder have made a difference? Yeah, but not big enough to affect them that much They're okay If somebody told me they bought these in a bakery or something I'd be like that makes sense But compared to the Fudgey brownies not even close and I'm pretty sure these take more time than the other one So if you want to see what recipe I'm talking about it's linked in the top of the description go check that one out As for these I'll give them like a four what a let down I hope you guys enjoyed today's Buzzfeed test if you did leave me a big like let me know in the comments What I should do when the Jake Paulers come after me go follow me over on Twitter and Instagram look out for the next poll I do or tweet at me. Let me know what you want to see next other than that have an awesome weekend and I'll see right back here next time puss Actually time out last week. I got a copyright strike for my outro that I've been using for almost two years now So we're gonna go back to the old song if any OGs remember it's Here it is