 Hello? Hey man, what's up? It was just a lot, you know? All the comments, the jokes, I just, I couldn't do it anymore. Alright, I'll put it to you soon though, okay? Thanks, bro. Oh, see ya In the end. In the end... for I'm sorry. Excuse me. Didn't you just make good videos? Uh, yeah actually um... I just been taking a little bit of a break you know. Well whatever you're on a break bar, I guess it's for a good reason. Actually, would you be able to sign that for? Now that you just hit 300k, don't you have to do the Tim Pano? Brrrr. Ladies and gentlemen boys and girls, welcome back to the channel. I have so missed all your beautiful faces. I'm a little wrinkled right now, but it's alright, we're here. Now even though that skit might have been super convincing, um no, I have not been bumming it on the streets for a month. Uh, I've been actually working really hard on future video ideas, buying new equipment, trying to get super organized and plan everything out. You guys will see soon enough. But as for today's video, the much requested, long awaited, Tim Pano, Tim Pano, every time I read some of your thousands of comments I read it as Tim Pano, so that's what I'm gonna say today. I even know that skit at the beginning was obviously fake and acted out. Um, this was a very overwhelming between all of your comments, other YouTubers, call me out on Twitter, even V.A., name dropping me in a tasty video. You know, speaking of V.A. Hi. Hi, Rie. How are you? Oh my gosh, I'm so nervous, I'm star struck. Hi Alex. Hi. Hi. Nice to meet you. You made me work. I'm here. I'm getting mad or something. Wait, really? I'm a little bit nervous. Wait, really? I don't see that. Oh man, now I'm not going to feel terrible critiquing anything. Oh, I'm so nervous. I'm so nervous. I'm so nervous. No, what I will tell you is that you're just nervous. You're not, you're not, you're not, you're not. You're not. So yeah. Nice meeting you guys. First, thank you for agreeing to help me out today. I'm so happy to help you. But secondly, thank you also for the eight months of harassment. That I have gone through over this recipe. I mean, you have to make it. Now, there's a lot of components here. What do you think is going to be most challenging or difficult to me? I think, the past that I've shown is the most difficult. I don't know that. It's very stressful. It's kind of a fun. You can do it a little bit too much, too much too many components. But when you eat it, it's very good. It's so good. I have to agree with that. Actually, it was surprisingly good. You would think it would be really weird. I'm worried about the egg. I'll be honest with you. I thought it would be too much. It's kind of like a nice one to crack. Yeah, it's like a nice little egg to crack. Nobody hates it. Santa, I was just a red taste. You were just around one point. Wait, did I? I might have said you're one of my favorites. Oh yeah. Those were... You guys are all my favorites. You guys are the best. There's something to be on the bottom. So I've been so excited about the last part. The sausage is very heavy. Right. When you flip it, it doesn't break the structure. I was thinking... I was just going to stack it the same you did. Every ingredient, the same order. Just, um, if you encounter any problem, just um, if you're next, I will try to be helpful. I'm rooting for you. I will, if I have any problems or once it's done, I will let you know. Let me be the picture. I will. Bye. Thank you so much. Bye! She's just so nice. She's the best. As you guys could probably guess, I'm going to need a large workspace for this thing. And that's one of the biggest reasons I've been putting this off. It's just so much food to be prepared at the same time. You can need a lot of space. And... I have an idea. Hold on. I think this will do nicely. So finally, at long last, let's get into this recipe. If you are not familiar, somehow, if you've been living under a rock, this is a giant concoction of different pastas and cheeses and meats. And it's just over the top. It's unnecessary. But here we are. Also, I'd like to formally welcome you to my brand new kitchen. We got nice new cabinets, a gas stove, which I'm going to try not to burn the building down with. And especially with this one, I am not going to waste your time listing all the ingredients. I'm just going to throw them all on the counter and let you see for yourself. And step number one is to boil a couple eggs, which I did ahead of time. The recipe calls for five. I did a couple extra, just in case I need them. Also, we have to caramelize a ton of onions. I ended up cutting up three or four of these onions through them in my saute pan. As you can see, they reduced quite a bit, almost an eighth of what we started with. Another we got the easier stuff out of the way. Of course, we have to move on to the more labor intensive stuff. And I'm starting with the meatballs. I'm using a very standard meatball recipe here. It's basically comprised of a ton of ground beef, a bunch of diced onions and garlic. By the way, this secondary camera angle is cool but it's going to be a lot more work to edit. I can already feel it. I'm going to need a couple of eggs if I can ever get them to crack open. I also added some salt and pepper, some very delicious Parmesan cheese, and some bread crumbs. Of course, as I began to mix this, I realized I forgot to put it in my fresh parsley. So I diced some up and threw it in there as well. And I began to form them. I'm hoping to get over a dozen meatballs out of this, even though I'm forming them into softball sized meatballs. My reasoning for this is because one, I need them really big and two, they're probably going to shrink a lot in the oven. Now to cook them all the way through, I baked them at 400 degrees for about 20-ish minutes. And then at the very end, I just pan-seared them to get a little bit of color and some extra flavor around the outside. Next up, we are moving on to our pasta, which is some jumbo shells and some rigatoni. It calls for two cups of each type of pasta, but there wasn't much in my shells box, so I made that whole thing. You also want to cook this five minutes less than the box calls for because everything's going to go into the oven at the end. Now I know this is amazing weird to some of you, but I have always baked my sausages as well. It basically just makes the casing really tender. It's not tough and snappy like a hot dog. And I baked those at 350 for a little less than an hour. We can now move on to our ricotta cheese mix, which is just a bunch of parsley and basil, salt and pepper, some egg. I didn't add quite as many herbs as I did in the video, but still should come out pretty good. So one by one, I stuffed each one of my shells, tried not to make a mess, and they're looking pretty good. I also just quickly tossed my rigatoni with some marinara sauce. I did not make this, it's out of the jar. But to make up for said jarred sauce, we have to make some homemade pasta dough. I was shocked that I found 00 flour in the store. When I say I found it, really my friend Lindsay found it. Thank you if you're watching this. And that's all this dough is. It's a little bit of salt, that flour, and then a bunch of eggs. It was a bit of a pain in the neck to need. It was really hard and firm. I added a little bit of water. My eggs could have been different sizes as reais. All good though, especially when your dad rolls through after you let it rest, and he took the liberty to roll it out for me, shout outs to you. I will admit this dough doesn't look quite as smooth and uniform as reais did. It still should taste pretty good. It's three ingredients. I don't know how badly I could have messed this up. And finally, about six or seven hours of cooking later, it is time to throw it all together. In a giant dutch oven with a little bit of vegetable oil, threw it out my huge sheet of pasta, my rigatoni, and some fresh mozzarella cheese. If you have seen any one of multiple timpano videos that tasty as uploaded, you would be pretty familiar with these steps here. Also, I didn't mention I invited my entire family down. My mom and dad, my cousins, my aunt and uncle. This is a lot of food, and I'm having a bit of a housewarming party at the same time. And to finish this all off, I threw it in a 350 degree oven for about an hour. You take the lid off halfway through. This is looking pretty darn good. Not quite as browned as tasty as what it should be. I chopped a giant piece out of this and after eight long months, we have to try some timpano. Why does it look so shy when the kitchen is open? Nobody's talking. Everyone gets so shy. Well, what do you suppose to say? Stop. No, I just realized I only have paper plates, so I'm sorry. It's a nicer kitchen, but we are still rationing. Where's the only one that can eat? That's just a meal of bite. Cheers to everyone that has harassed me for the last year to do this. I can eat it with this food. This is good. Ooh, cheesy. Mmm. Mmm. I don't love that again. Give me a review. I love it. You don't have to lie. No, I'm not lying. I told you I'm eating my whole plate. I don't have a delicious, nice, delicious. I didn't think I was going to like it. I like it. And you're correct. All the pasta is great. The sausage and onions are great. It's just the egg. I don't know. Little stuff in my head. On the side. No egg. More pasta sauce. Small and repulse. Agreed? Small and repulse. Yes. There you go. I do hope you guys enjoyed today's a long-awaited video if you did. Throw a big like on this one. Guys, I have a ton of announcements I haven't mentioned. This video is already going to be long. I started a Patreon. I started a Twitch channel. All those links are going to be at the end. If you want to click on them, I'll explain all of them in detail in a different video. I'm just so happy to be back. Let me know what you guys thought of my brand new kitchen, the different camera angles. The skin at the beginning. Other than that, I haven't an awesome weekend. I'll see you right back here next time. It's so good to be back. Peace. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. Shows! Thank you. Oh, come in here. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh.