 So [" wedding clip of best for IU Writing And womens active songs, showing some photos and playing in the Allowance of an Cursegrade pre Church meltdown of Virginia.'" Appreciate it so much. Dude, I'm telling ya, just focus on video making. I'll take care of the Rachel Wright situation. You're down by the river right now, right? Enjoy yourself. Focus on your videos. I'll take care of everything else. David? Hello? Hello? Hello? Now when I give you guys the full power on what I'm gonna make this week, I expect it something hard, something maybe expensive, that'll take me a while, maybe a block of cream cheese or something. Not a triple-decker, six different recipe video. I honestly forgot this video we've been existed, the one that Alvin made, just because I just flushed these out of my memory as soon as I see them on my feed. But over six or 7000 of you uploaded this one, the ultimate triple-decker cheesecake tower. God help me. And even though I did a little poll on my Instagram story, asking if I was allowed to use some store bought stuff, because in the video they used all store bought stuff. All three cheesecakes, the brownie cookie and cake mix that was all bought from the store. And even though a few of you told me that I was allowed to do that, I know that the majority of you in the comments would not be happy, so I'm going to make two plain cheesecakes, a chocolate cheesecake, a red velvet cake, fudgy brownies, chocolate chip cookie dough, homemade buttercream icing. Let's get right into this. Now obviously with that many things to make, we're going to need a whole lot of ingredients to do so, and I don't want to bore you to death. I wasn't going to show you any ingredients. You know what? Because it's the main portion of this whole video, I'll show you what I'm using for the cheesecakes. I grabbed some flour and graham cracker crumbs, some sugar and chocolate chips, cinnamon, vanilla extract, eggs, butter, sour cream, and then the bain of my existence, a few blocks of cream cheese. Now this cheesecake recipe I'm following is supposedly the cheesecake factories recipe. I won't be able to verify that because I've never tried it. I also think this is the first cheesecake I've ever made in my life, so there's a momentous occasion for you all to celebrate. I started with making enough graham cracker crust for all three of my cheesecakes, obviously two plain and one chocolate. I used a measuring cup to kind of stamp down the graham crackers and then popped them in the freezer to fully solidify it while we prepare all the fillings. I'm feeling like today is going to be the truest test of how durable these standard mixers are because I'm pretty much going to make every single recipe using this in some capacity. So let's see how this thing holds up, even though I'm sure it'll be amazing. Like I said, this is my favorite kitchen utensil now. Every time I watch somebody make one of these things, it just disgusts me even more. Who decided they were going to put a little bit of eggs and sugar in cream cheese and then just eat spoonfuls of it? Cheesecake is just 95% baked cream cheese I will never for the life of me understand the appeal of this. We can't forget about the chocolate cheesecake, which I actually might be able to eat at not gag because it's actually equal parts cream cheese to melted chocolate chips. So it shouldn't be too bad. Outside of those proportions, pretty much everything else is the same as the last recipe we did. So once this was looking pretty good as well, I tossed it down in my third and final pan and then baked that off too. My first two didn't look too bad. I was pretty happy. I did let them cool at room temperature for quite a while. Shortly after that, I pulled my chocolate cheesecake out, which looks just as good if not better. And now we can begin the three other recipes. I'm going to start with the chocolate chip cookies because this will probably be the easiest. It's also the bottom most layer. So the first one that we're going to stack. I don't think I've mentioned every recipe that I'm using for each component of this. I will leave down in the description so you can follow it along. I'm sure 0% of you will try to make this at home, but just for the heck of it, it'll be down there. What's my cookie dough was looking good and I was sneaking raw bits out of the bowl to eat. I set it aside and worked on what I'm most excited for in this whole thing, the brownies, because I'm using, you can probably guess, the best fudgey brownies. This is maybe the seventh or eighth time I've made this recipe on this channel. But you guys aren't sick of the same recipe over and over and over again or when I make too many sweets. So I ask you guys what you want to see and then you suggest me a triple cheesecake with cookie dough and brownie mix. Anyways, the only thing I changed with this brownie batter is that I didn't include any chocolate chunks just because I think they'll get in the way. I'm trying to spread this smooth. So I set that aside and worked on the final recipe of the day, some red velvet cake. Because the recipe I'm following supposedly fills two nine inch cake pans, I'm going to half this recipe. And this one was very interesting. You basically mix red food coloring with cocoa powder and oil and then you finish it with buttermilk. I don't think I've ever made a recipe like this, but again, it'll be down to the description if you baker's out there. I want to go verify that it's legit for me. And now that my three additional outer layers were ready to go, I started to chuck them together. First with the cookie dough and my first plain cheesecake. I was very nervous pulling these cheesecakes out because normally the spring form pans are meant to be able to pull them out easier. But once I ran a knife around the sides, they actually popped out really easily. I tossed layer number one into the oven. I have no idea what the temperature or the cooking times on all of these are going to be. It's going to try to eyeball stuff and see how it comes out. Usually when I say that, stuff doesn't go well, but maybe today will be different. Next, I wanted to do the red velvet cake just because it's got some leaveners in it and I don't want it sitting out forever. So I used my second plain cheesecake and plopped it down in there. And as I threw that one into the oven, I pulled my cookie dough out. It actually came out of the spring form pan pretty easily. And it looks okay. The top kind of fooled me because the bottom seems a bit underdone still. So I'll pop it in the oven for a few more minutes and work on everything else. Lastly is our brownie chocolate cheesecake mess. And fun fact, it got so late when I was filming this, I had to throw everything in the fridge, bring it all home, and it is now day two. That's why I'm back in my old kitchen. And finally, at long last, all three of our layers are baked and looking decent. So that must mean we're almost done, right? No, we still have to make a homemade buttercream. In the video, Alvin makes a cream cheese frosting, but that is where I draw the line. There's already three cheesecake and six blocks of cream cheese in this. I refuse. I'm making a very standard homemade buttercream. It's one of my favorite recipes to make. It always comes out great. Now that that is finally done, we can throw stuff together. Layer number one, the cookie dough and plain cheesecake. I left the bottom right on this. So that will be easier to transport. Layer number two, the brownie and chocolate cheesecake spreading a very thin layers of my buttercream in between each one of these. And finally, I flipped my red velvet upside down, peeled that parchment paper off, and tried to ice the whole thing. I just barely had enough frosting to do this. Will he be able to cut through this whole mess? Is the real question? And shockingly I was. Not, it wasn't too difficult. Filming this video to this point has so far taken me 19 hours, many pounds of butter and cream cheese, and here we are. Normally, when videos take me hours upon hours, I don't mind it. Usually it's for a good recipe or I know it's going to be for a good video. Not cheesecake. The layers aren't too bad. I would say you can't really tell where the brownie starts and the chocolate cheesecake stops. But besides that, it looks pretty good. Do I really have to try all three of these components too? I know you're all screaming, yes, so. Here we go. Mmm, so good. As you may guess, my first instinct is to complain. But the cookie dough actually masks the cream cheese pretty well. That seems like a pretty good cookie dough recipe to make one of those big cookie cakes with. So I'll keep that one in mind. Round two, undercooked brownie and chocolate cheesecake. I don't even have to try the last one. This parts the winner. This tastes like a cross between chocolate fudge and chocolate mousse and oh my god, it's good. I should have made just three layers of that and cooked the brownie all the way through. And here's the final round. Has the most defined layers I'd say, so. That's too much cheesecake in that one. That's just like a cream cheese bomb. I'm not even going to bother rating this because it would be very biased. I will say, don't waste your time making all three of these. Pick a layer that you think you would like the most and just make that. I think that would probably be the best option. I hope you guys enjoyed today's very long video if you did. It's slap a like on this one for me. I'm going to probably do next week's video as a poll. Don't be too much. I need at least a few more weeks before I do that top comment thing again. But follow me on Instagram and Twitter if you don't want already. Other than that, have an awesome weekend. I'll see you right back here next time. Pretty.itan day Father I'm tangled. Hey Hey I'm tangled The mas... I don't know what the heck You shut up on my finger Dude Bucks I don't know which way to drop it. Just like drop it. No no. Hahahaha. How's it going? Oh my domain. Yeah. Ready. Is that good? Yeah.