 It is approximately 138 in the morning, so let the late night filming commence. What's going on, peeps? Welcome back to a brand new video here on the channel. Now we've got a bunch of exciting things to announce in the upcoming weeks, but right now I need you to use your little nogins and think of a question, anything that you want me to answer. And leave it in the comments. I'm going to do a Q&A part two over on my second channel in about a week or so. So leave them for me. And in that same video, I'm going to be opening a bunch of male that you guys have sent me from my PO Box. It's right here. Send me some stuff before I make that video. But today guys, we're going to be trying something out that looks fantastic. It is the perfect chocolate cake. It is the first video of their 101 series that I'm going to be trying out. A ton of you guys suggested this. And admittedly, I've been a little bit timid to try it, and you will see very soon why that is. So let's get right into it. Now this one might have the most ingredients I've ever used in a recipe ever. So I grab some flour and salt, some espresso powder and cocoa powder. You need a whole bottle of stout beer for this. You can use any dark beer you have. I'm using Guinness for this. Some sugar and baking soda, a couple eggs and vanilla extract. Some baking powder, quite a bit of butter, four ounces of dark chocolate, and the secret ingredient of today's recipe, mayonnaise. I'm sure this is the sole reason that some of you sickos out there wanted me to try this so bad because at first thought it kind of seems disgusting. But I have heard of some cakes with sour cream in them, and it makes sense because mayo is just eggs and oil and a couple other things. But we're going to get right into it. So first and foremost, I chopped up that four ounce dark chocolate bar. I tried to cut mine up just like they did in the video and I set it aside for now. So let's get into our dry ingredients. I started by sifting out one and a half cups of my flour, along with a cup of this cocoa powder, which is supposed to be this dark Dutch cocoa. I couldn't find it. I'm using Hershey's. And then just some salt, some baking soda, and a little bit of baking powder. I gave that a light mix just to roughly incorporate everything and I set that off to the side as well. Third today is our wet ingredients. So I'm going to start with this whole bottle. It's supposed to be one and a half cups of stout. And I just so happened to have bought a six pack. So into the beer I added in a tablespoon of that good quality vanilla and then a tablespoon of the espresso powder, which I'm kind of hoping the flavor of this isn't going to cut through the rest of the cake, but we will see. And now that we have that prepared, it is time to bring it all together. And look at me taking all your expert advice and cracking eggs separately in a separate bowl, even though I don't even need to separate them for this video. So why am I bothering? But into the largest bowl I could find in my house, I threw in two sticks or one cup of butter, one and a half cups of sugar, and I beat this till now tomorrow. I think I had it on like my five or six setting on the mixer and gave it at least like seven or eight minutes. Afterwards I added in one egg at a time, mixing in between each one because the butter can only absorb so much liquid I know. And then once all three of your eggs are mixed in there, we can add the... Loki, I was hoping that it wouldn't be this much mayonnaise in my cake batter. It is a half cup, but the Buzzfeed lady says we will not taste it, so in her we will trust. I mixed that in as well, and then you can begin the ever-grueling process of mixing your dry and wet ingredients into this bugger... bugger, your butter and sugar and mayonnaise mixture. Every single time I added in even a little bit of dry ingredients, it puffed up in a big cloud. I'm pretty sure I inhaled half of it. There is some percent chance that I'll need a new mixer after this too, with how much the intake fan sucked up as well. And once I had all of that mixed in there, I finished the whole batter off with my chopped up chocolate. Fold that in ever so gently, and then you can begin to evenly distribute that across three eight inch cake pans. I prepared these a little while ago with some parchment paper and a little butter. Side note that little folding up and cutting technique actually works pretty well, so I advise you try it. Now into a 325 degree oven for about 35 minutes. I think I left mine in for a little bit over 40, and they look a little bit ahead. The tops are a bit concave. I was hoping I wouldn't have to trim these to make them flat, but it looks like I might have to. We'll see. While they're cooling though, we can work on the chocolate buttercream, just when you thought we were almost done. You're going to want to whip the heck out of three sticks for those of you keeping track at home. This is now five sticks of butter in this video. Add in a tablespoon of that good vanilla, a half cup of cocoa powder. Once again, this turned into a cloud, and then very slowly adding about four and a half cups of powdered sugar. If it begins to get a little bit too clumpy, I added in some whole milk. And this is kind of just something that you'll see when it's done by eye and by taste. If it tastes way too buttery, you got to add a little bit more sugar. And eventually, I think I got to it. So, time to put it all together. On my cutting board, I laid down some strips of parchment paper, just like they did, and then my first layer of cake. Now, after loading on some buttercream, I think I'm going to have to trim the other ones, because I'm not going to have enough to make every layer flat like this. I tried to trim the other two to get them a little bit flatter. The crumbs went everywhere, as you can probably guess. And then layered on the second, some more buttercream, and finally, the third. I don't know if I left this buttercream out for too long in my freezing cold house. It is like 30 degrees in New York right now, or if I just made it incorrectly, but this stuff is not cooperating. Believe me, when I tell you this took a solid 15 to 20 minutes in effort by both myself and my mom. Thank you to her. And finally, we got to a point where I thought it looked half decent, so I tried to cut myself a slice out of this thing, and that cross section actually looks pretty darn good, so let's give it a taste. What do you think guys? If the bottom layer looked a bit more even with the other two, I would say that looks pretty perfect. That could be on the commercial for like the cheesecake factory or something, or a very cheap knockoff of it. I would like to remind you all, as I go to try this, that there is mayonnaise, beer, and coffee in this, so it actually cut pretty well too. This is incredible. I did not think that I would say that. Oh my god, genuinely? I'm flabbergasted. This is amazing. It's not super like sickly sweet. Like I could eat this whole piece and be very happy. It is a bit heavy though, but oh my god. You don't taste the mayo for those of you curious. Now before I devour this entire thing and look like a slaw on camera, absolutely no doubt. 10 out of 10. I wouldn't even know what to change. This is perfect. Good job. Hope you guys enjoyed today's amazing recipe. It's been a long time since we had one that good, so leave me a like for it. Don't forget to ask me some questions for my Q&A over on my second channel. Again, my peel box is right here. Follow me on Twitter and Instagram. Let me know what I should do next week and other than that. Have an awesome rest of your weekend and I'll see you right back here next time.