 Usually when I do these Instagram polls, I don't really care which one wins, you know? They all cost me money. They all put the same amount of mental and physical stress on my health This week was different though. I definitely wanted the Japanese katsu sandwich to win I have been wanting to do this forever But I couldn't see me throwing down that much money on a steak. Well times have now changed. I decided who cares It's probably like a once in a lifetime meal. Let me throw it in the pole. It didn't win Instead the upside down one pan pizza one You guys were not happy about this result. In fact, I probably got more rude and enraged DMs about this one than I ever have before so because of that Because I wanted the katsu sandwich to win and because it came in second by a few percentage points We'll do that next week. I think that's a fair trade-off which means this week We have to do the upside down pizza variation number 752 so let's get right into this If you would like to replicate tasty's upside down one pan pizza at home grab yourself some pepperoni and maradara sauce Onions green peppers mozzarella cheese Parmesan cheese pizza dough and provolone cheese Actually now that I see all these ingredients and I kind of think about it a little more This isn't too far off from that upside down Pop pie pizza deep dish thing that was on the food network a while ago Maybe this will be like a nice happy medium between normal pizza and whatever that mess was So once you've got your onions and peppers chopped up and softened in your pan and then a bunch of mozzarella cheese graded You're pretty much already at the point where you can construct this I do always say when things seem to be going a little bit too easy in this I expect some catastrophic meltdown at some point so we're just gonna keep moving along and not address that fact So we've got our pepperoni all of our vegetables a ton of Parmesan cheese a ton of mozzarella cheese and then a layer of provolone This one's an artery clogger. There's no other way to look at it I gave this a very healthy layer of my marinara sauce to Way more than I would put on a regular pizza this size and the very last thing you've got to do is to take your room temperature Pizza dough roll that out Pretty thick not only doing not want to waste any of this dough But I think it's gonna need the support on the bottom because there's so much cheese and toppings on top So I plopped that down in my pan tried to stretch it out to the sides and then a layer of olive oil across the top later You're gonna bake this at 400 degrees for 25 minutes and then let it cool for a bit before trying to flip it out Hey Well that doesn't look very good. That scared me a lot. I'm not gonna lie to you I thought that was the the point of failure, but we can keep chugging along here I baked it a little bit longer Not as long as tasty recommended because it got pretty brown, but it smells great. So let's give it a try So they recommended putting it back in the oven for another 20 minutes at the same temperature I didn't do that. I gave it about 10 minutes. I also think I just Let the pepperoni get Too cooked when I first put them in the pan also low-key in the video Before they put it back in the oven it looks better than when they took it back out. So this does not look good I don't hate it because it's cheese dough and toppings But it is not good It kind of reminds me of a frozen pizza gone wrong the thing too is like if I was expecting pizza and then somebody handed me this I would have had to see how it was made or they would have to explain it to me for me to be like oh, okay like I Understand somewhat not really either make a deep-tish pizza or get a pizza stone or a really hot cookie sheet and just make a normal pizza This is like unnecessary. I hope you guys enjoyed today's video if you did a slap a leg on this one for me Huge announcement huge next weekend Most likely Sunday is the debut of the actual beginning of the DVR series if you don't already know It's my restaurant test series where I go to a restaurant. I try out a signature dish I go home and try to remake it and then an unbiased judge another YouTuber or a friend or family member tries both and says which is better some of you who have been paying attention Have realized how long I've been talking about this and working on this. I just wanted to do it right Give it a little extra layer of like professionalism compared to these videos So look out for that. I hope you guys are excited because it's taking a lot of work Oh, then I though have a fantastic weekend. I will see you right back here next time peace Yeah Yeah, hey What the M.M without the agent? Yeah, the burgers and my money super lazy Try making me tonight. They pain me trying to supersize my life from my 18 Yeah, I was in wavy, but we had a vision