 But, if you want to be on Pupes, welcome back to Buzzfeed Test Number 40. 40 straight weeks of not missing a single one of these videos, come on. Give it up for me. I've been doing YouTube for almost six years now, and I don't think I've ever hit that mark before. Needless to say, I am very proud of myself this week, even though most of you probably don't care. Anyway, this week's recipe is definitely definition of one of Buzzfeed's finest. One of those crazy out there recipes that everyone in the comments of their video doubts in what made me start this series in the first place. And that is the upside down banana bread. Now, I've had my share of pretty amazing banana breads in the past, so this one's got some expectations to live up to. So, let's see how it comes out. Now, being that this one is another baking recipe, you're going to need your typical everyday baking supplies, which includes some oil, a ton of bananas, regular sugar, some brown sugar, some flour, ground cinnamon, a stick of butter, and a couple eggs. And before we get to our first step, a very important part of this recipe is that your bananas are ripe in. Obviously, this thing is in, and a tip that I learned quite a while back is if you throw them in a brown bag for a day or two, they ripen very quickly. So, the first thing you're going to do is grab yourself a bowl and throw in a couple bananas, and since my bananas are almost twice the size of theirs, I'm only going to use three instead of four. Refraining myself from any inappropriate thread-banger-esque jokes. This is a family show. Rob, I'm talking to you. Anyway, once you've got those all mashed up with your wooden spoon, you're going to throw in three eggs, and then a half cup of vegetable oil. I gave that a nice little mix just to combine all my wet ingredients and now it's time for the dry. So, to that, I added a half cup of regular sugar and a tablespoon of ground cinnamon. Mix that up as thoroughly as possible, and now nice and slowly, you're going to add in your two cups of flour, mixing in between every little bit that you add, until you get to this, I think. This seems really thick, but we're just going to roll with it. So, once that is nice and thoroughly mixed up, you're going to move over to your stovetop and throw in an entire stick or half cup of butter. Allow that to melt down over low heat and then throw in a full cup of brown sugar. Mix that in until all the sugar is dissolved and it gets nice and bubbly like this. Transfer your brown sugar mix from the pot to your oven safe square pan. Give that a minute to cool, and now throw that out of your way because we got to slice up some more bananas. I sliced up two large ones, but I only ended up kneading about one and a half. So, I'd say you need between five and seven bananas for this whole recipe, depending on how good yours are. Again, refraining from the jokes. So, now we can fully assemble this bread. So, we have your baking pan once again and right on top of your brown sugar mixture, you're going to put a nice layer of your sliced bananas. Once again, my OCD re-emerged during this step and it pleased me beyond no other that I got exactly 36 pieces of banana on this thing, which means we're going to be able to get a perfect nine slices. The last step is to grab your butter once again and layer the top of your pan with it. This is still looking a little on the fixed side to me, but I just smoothed it out, and now it's time to throw it into a 350 degree oven for about 40 to 45 minutes. After all that time, I took it out and it's looking weird. I tried to copy, taste, and throw a square plate over top of this and then flip it over and no, no luck with that. This son of a gun was just going to fight me till the end since I stood there wrestling with it for about 10 minutes. I finally just slipped it back over, cut around the sides, and thank god it came out a little bit easier. And again, I don't really know about this. I can't really tell if it looks kind of cool or disgusting. I hoped that a little sprinkle of powdered sugar would maybe make it look a little better. Nope. And then I tried to get a little slice out of this for me to try. Now, obviously the top quarter of this has got a taste great. It's literally just cut up bananas and butter and brown sugar. What I'm really testing here is the taste and texture of the bread part. Doesn't look like any other banana bread I've ever eaten in my life, but... I can't really tell, to be honest. I'd say all you really taste is the brown sugar. There's just so much of it and it's now like liquefied. It just kind of covers the flavor of everything else. Trying to get just the bottom part here. Okay. Now it makes sense. The actual bread part of this is not great at all. It's very heavy, and an old banana bread isn't supposed to fry like crazy and be light. I know it's supposed to be on the denser side, but this is like a friggin cement brick. Taste, as I said, is okay because it's just doused in sugar and butter. If any of you guys want to make this, I would highly suggest cutting down the flour and either using self-rising flour or some other rising agent because it's just like hard as a rock. Damn. We're now on a below average streak. 5 out of 10. I hope you guys enjoyed this week's video. If you did smash a like on this for me. Let's see how quick we can get 4,000 likes on this one since this is the 40th episode. As always, if you guys have more suggestions for recipes that I haven't tried yet, let me know down in the comments or on Twitter or Instagram. And I don't say this often, but if you guys try any of these recipes and it comes out better or worse than mine, send me a picture of it. Nothing makes my day more when I get a picture on Twitter of someone who was inspired by my video to make a recipe. But other than that, having absolutely awesome rest of your week, and I'll see you right back here for another episode on Thursday. Peace!