 Hard to believe what's happening in America. We thought we'd check in with the man on the leading edge of America in the city of Los Angeles, which is always ahead of national trends. A lifelong resident in that city, Adam Corolla. We always see when we're in town host the Adam Corolla show to put this into perspective. Adam, thanks so much for coming on. So what's your review of what we're watching? Well, that's fine. I'm sorry, I don't have any new thoughts because you're 200 guests before me. I think in capsulating every thought you could possibly have about this. But like Whitlock said, I think there's a religious angle to this. I think they on the left, that is a religion, and I think they look at Trump as Satan. Yes. And if you got to get rid of Satan and or Hitler, then you just do what you got to do. God is on your side. So there's a kind of... You feel that, right? I mean, I don't... I feel that too. I don't think I'm imagining it. Well, it is like... It's just in politics. Trump's arrangement syndrome feels like the kind of anger you would have against the religion, and a religious leader who didn't agree with your religion, and then you need to take them down, you know, incarcerate them, whatever it is. And so all the rulebook is out the window when you're dealing with Satan or Hitler or Biel's above or whoever. So I think there's that element to it. The other one is kind of interesting, which is we make proclamations. Like Merrick Garland says, white supremacist, the biggest brown in this country, faces in the most danger of this country, faces in the world. And then he goes out and finds it. So then he goes and arrests parents at Virginia school board meetings, right? So it's a self-fulfilling prophecy. So they're going to turn Trump into a martyr. People are going to go out and protest. Somebody's going to do something stupid, and then they're going to fire up the DOJ just like January 6th, but outside now and snap into action. So they make proclamations and then they need to find the crime and then we'll find this. So certainly people are going to push back. Someone's going to do something stupid or not, CNN, MSNBC, the answers from the view, they're all going to blow it up into this and then the storm troopers coming. So it does feel like the population is being pushed into a corner for a reason. I'm not just imagining that. I feel like it's to get them to react so that the government can now swoop in and do a self-fulfilling prophecy because everybody reacts to this. It's going to be a white supremacist. And remember, we told you that white supremacist is the biggest problem this country faces. How long can they scream at whites before that just becomes ineffective? It's like I've said a million times there's never been a better time to be called a racist. You could just be lumped in with everyone else in this country and it went and voted Republican. And to your other point, I think the only way this stops is if LeBron James and the Obama's and the view ladies and Joe Scarborough, if people start speaking up, not people on the right, no, that's not. You need some sane cultural leader who's an athlete or Oprah or someone of that nature to start going, look, I don't like Trump, but I love the country. This isn't right. We need to do some. Because aren't you supposed to settle it in your elections? Isn't that how a democracy work? You don't like Trump, but you find then you get to vote against him, right? I thought that was the system. What if Joe Biden was running against the devil? Then how would you want to settle? You're exactly right. Well then you need to get the angels who are allordin there. Alvin Bragg. You did add a lot. By the way, even after our 100 guests, Adam Crowell, it's wonderful to see you. Good to see you. Thank you.