 If you want to know what a complete sham, what a fraudulent, grotesque, perversion of reality, the White House briefings have become, you should see what happened today, the low IQ would have a press secretary, brought in a bunch of TV actors to stand there so she could promote a TV show for some reason. Why are we doing this again? She never really explained mental health day or something, none of them were doctors. But at the same time, even as she was promoting a TV show, the White House press secretary refused to take questions from actual reporters. First on that list would be our friend Simon Atiba of Today News Africa. So today, a team just got frustrated and called out the White House press secretary for ignoring his actual questions for months. Watch what happened next. Welcome, welcome to the press briefing room. This is our China, this is our Russia, this is the United States, this is the White House. Simon Atiba, you started going to write a bit of a security file. It is been somebody who got not done with the economy. If you have grievances, you should bring them to her later. I have written this. I have written this. I have written this. I have written this. I have written this. I have written this. I have written this. I have written this. I have written this. I have written this. I have written this. I have written this. I have written this. I have written this. I have written this. I have written this. I have written this. You are talking about professor, thating with Dr. J. Dr. J. Dr. J. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Do not make assumptions about what the rest of us do, mind your manners. We heard from him, we brought about that for us. What has just occurred these last ten, fifteen minutes is unacceptable. It is unacceptable. We are either going to continue the briefing or we can just end the briefing here. The next thing what we do is not what we are going to do is not, we are going to continue the and describe what we just played for you. So here you have the White House press secretary, whose job it is to answer questions from journalists on behalf of the entire American population, hijacking the event to promote a TV show, and then screaming in a guy who wants his questions answered, and then the other shills in the room, don't take the side of their fellow journalist, but take the side of the lady at the front to whom they were actually beholden, and try and shut down Simon and Tiba. Who did that? Cliffs of partialists, that would include Jeff Mason of Reuters, who should be ashamed, Brian Karem of CNN. So see, the press correspondent, Zeke Miller, he even apologized to the press secretary later in the press conference. They again should be ashamed of themselves, and previous generations of reporters would have turned on them, really, you're taking her side. She's a liar. Your job is not to suck up to power. It's to serve your viewers and readers by getting to the truth. But instead they piled on Simon and Tiba, really the most revealing moment, maybe ever in the White House press room, we are honored now to be joined by Simon and Tiba himself. Simon, thank you so much for coming. I'm really glad to have you. What prompted, you seem very frustrated there. What prompted your exchange with the press secretary? Yes, thank you, Tucker. Thank you for having me on your show. I'm grateful. You know, the first amendment protects the freedom of speech, the press, and assembly, and the right to petition your government to secret press. And the first amendment says that I have the right to ask questions to do my job, and the press secretary doesn't need to like me, date me, marry me, have to black children with me. She doesn't need all that. She doesn't even need to like my accent. Doesn't need to like what I look like, where I come from. They look down on me. They don't respect the first amendment. And so what has been happening in the White House is in the past seven months, I've done all the right things. I've not been called on. I've gone to her office to seek a meeting. She said that she was made with me next year. I've sent questions about the Nigerian election, about the problems, challenges in Africa. And they've not called on me. Even has the Vice President is going to Africa. Even has the first lady, Jill Biden, went to Africa. Even when they received 50 African leaders for the US African summit in Washington, DC, the guy who covers the White House, the African guy who covers the White House, is looked down upon in the greatest country in the world, in the most advanced country, where freedom of speech is protected. It's a shame what happened today. One of the guys that you showed there, now Brian, he was kicked out of the WACA, because he became violent in the Rose Garden. It's a disgrace. It's very violent. He attacks many people. He's a shame what happened to me today, it's a total disgrace. And he's happening in the Biden White House. And when he happens to Jim Acosta of CNN, because the respect him is white, he works for CNN. I'm black, I'm African, I don't have money. The look down on me. I don't have the opportunities that they have. And they don't treat me the same way. I need to do my job. The freedom of speech and the press in the US allows me to do my job. And that's the only thing that I'm trying to do. And they are still in the world in me, trying to help Karin Jampier and it's a shame. The fact that Jeff Mason and the rest, who should be ashamed of himself, took the White House side against you, is really the most, one of the most awful things I've ever seen. I was shocked by it as cynical as I am. And I appreciate your coming on tonight. You seem unbout, semi-nateed, but we are rooting for you. Thank you. Thank you for having me. Subscribe to The Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.