 So there is a lot going on on the, it's not even clear what it's called, the left, but the true extremist fringe in this country, and it's not all trans people, of course, but the extremist trans fringe is a lot more threatening than most people understand. And you know, has been covering, he's been covering in Tifa for years now. He's the author of Unmassed Inside and Tifa's Radical Plan to Destroy Democracy. He's a senior at a post-millennial, he joins us tonight. And he thinks so much for coming on. So again, you don't want to get too broad brush here, but there is an extremist movement, obviously. It's very evident online in the aftermath of this mass murder. Are you surprised to see it? No. So in my reporting on Antifa for years now, one observation that I noticed was that disproportionately the number of riot arrestees are gender diverse. And by that, I mean they don't identify with their biological sex. On some nights, it was as high as 20%. And that is magnitude's higher than what the data we have on people in the wider American population who are trans identifying. So I look into this a bit further. There is some peer-reviewed research out of Canada. You can find it on the library of medicine that shows that there's evidence that young transgender people are particularly vulnerable to violent radicalization. And in my reporting on left-wing extremism, in months for months now, I've documented and tracked this surge in violent rhetoric by self-identified trans militant activists, particularly on Twitter, in response to various states restricting or banning the medical transitioning of minors as you mentioned earlier, the horrific murder of children and staff at the Christian school yesterday does come just days ahead of a so-called trans-day vengeance that's being organized in the US Capitol. And unfortunately, myself and other people who have reported on this and posted this flyer, which by the way that a group is still online, if you posted a flyer regardless of the context, you're locked out of your account. So currently, I cannot access my Twitter. Can I ask you just a quick macro question? So one of the reasons that so many well-meeting middle-aged moms in this country have bought into support of the trans community is on the basis of the promise that its liberation and this kids when they finally express their true inner identity will be happier and better adjusted. But the incidence of violence and mental illness seems to be extraordinary. So it doesn't seem like people are being liberated. It seems like people are being tormented and driven to the brink of insanity. That just watching that seems clear. It's the exact opposite of liberation. We have mountains of evidence that people who suffer from gender dysphoria also suffer from very high rates of mental health comorbidities. When you have this reality on top of people being fed cross-sex hormones and are also being in an environment where they are encouraged to have a violent hatred of wider society. You can see this in the reaction before, during, and after this killing. Andy, no. Thank you for your insights and very informed analysis that this appreciated. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.