 We have an answered every question about what actually happened on January 6th far from it. There are still many mysteries from that day. But one thing we know for certain is that the story they told you about it, a pat tail of good versus evil, an insurrection with no guns that took place at the U.S. Capitol, those were lies and they were lies told for a very specific purpose. Of course, the people in power wanted more power and they got it on the basis of those lies. But in the process, many lives were destroyed and some people are still in jail tonight, not having had their constitutionally guaranteed moment in front of a jury of their peers. They haven't even put on trial yet and they're still rotting. Julie Kelly is the one journalist in this country who's been following us very closely. She would have booked on it. January 6th, the Democrats used the Capitol protests to launch a war on terror against the political right, which is a perfect summation of what actually happened. Julie Kelly joins us now. Julie, thanks so much for coming on. So, it dawned on us as these tapes are very clear that the story we've been presented is an absolute fabrication. It's a lie. It's a fraud that people may still be in jail on the basis of these lies. And so, we wanted to talk to you for an update on where those cases are tonight. So, yes, there are, well, at least a hundred men have been held under pretrial detention orders over the past two years. That means that a judge has denied them bail because the government DOJ successfully argued that that individual was a threat to the community. This includes Tucker, people charged with nonviolent offenses like obstruction and conspiracy. So, of course, they don't have access to what could very easily be ex-sculptatory evidence contained in this video. But aside from the, now I think around three dozen men who are held under pretrial detention orders, Tucker, believe it or not, there are some men going on 24, 25, 26 months, denied bail languishing in jail, including the DC Gu-Log, as the government continues to delay their trials. This all has the impromotor, by the way, of every judge on the DC District Court. I want to emphasize the real villains here are the federal judges in Washington, DC, who have allowed the government to play every single game to keep this evidence out of the hands of defendants violating their oath of office to protect the rights of defendants and their due process rights. So, I really want to emphasize that. But, look, Tucker, there's a thousand criminal defendants right now, half of them have pleaded guilty or been convicted at trial. So, and the government just announced in two months ago, in January, that they were still uploading global, they called discovery, which means material related to the entire investigation, what they did was arrest people first, find the evidence later, and cover up what could potentially exonerate these defendants. If this were happening in any other country, the US State Department would immediately acknowledge that these revilations of the most basic human rights, these are political prisoners, and the US government would condemn it. But it's happening here, and it's ignored, except by you. And I so appreciate your tireless reporting, and this Julie Kelly, thank you. Thank you, Tucker. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.