 So most people see bees as pests and want to kill them as quickly as they can. Dennis Languah of Orlando, Florida has a very different approach. He is a humane bee removal expert. He's been doing it for more than a decade. He's known as the bee guy. He joins us to explain why he takes this approach. Dennis, thanks so much for coming on. Well, I see you're protected. So people see bees. They want to spray with the canopois and kill them. Why should they not do that? Well, two reasons. Number one is, as a homeowner, the last thing you want to do is leave a bee's nest inside your structure. It'll cause more problems than you could ever imagine. And the other reason is because they're honeybees. And so rather than having them kill, there's a beekeeper that would happily remove and relocate those bees. And we do that all day every day. So how do you... I mean, I'm just assuming that bees don't want to be gentrified and move to a new neighborhood. So how do you convince them to leave? Well, it's a physical process. So we essentially evict them. We physically remove their nest, putting it into a bee hive. And during the process, we use a special vacuum designed to vacuum the bees up and not hurt them. And once they're brought back to the farm, then relocate the bees from the vacuum with the nest and put everybody back together and put them to work. How matter they when they get out of the vacuum? You'd be surprised at how gentle they are. So most of the time, we don't have to wear a suit or a veil or any protective clothing during the entire process. Because they're just totally defeated. Like they got vacuumed at that point they just give up. It seems like they should sting you. No, that's not. Now it's just a matter of knowing the insects and keeping them calm. How important... And obviously you have a reason to promote bees. I'm very pro-be myself. I'll just say it. But why are bees important? Well they produce one-third of the food we eat at least. And of course they also make honey, which is a sweet, delicious treat everybody enjoys. So if you... If any group, if we had to locate any group in the world that produces one-third of the food we eat, we'd obviously want to treat them like they were private equity barons or hedge fund managers. Like we treat them with a lot of respect. But we don't. Why? I would think so. I think it's just some people have a fear of bees and their knee-jerk reaction is when they see a nail they go get a hammer. Yeah, I think that's right. Or a can of bug spray. How much honey do you eat? I eat honey every single day all the time. Do you really? You look like an ice cream. Honey and ice cream, obviously you're wearing a full suit. We can't really see your outline. But you seem like a pretty slender fit character. How do you eat honey every day and maintain your girlish figure? I work hard every day. I wake up at 5 a.m. and I don't stop until about 6 a.m. Yeah. Well, you're making the world better. Unlike most people. Maybe even talk show host. So Dennis Linguah, I respect to you. Thank you for coming on tonight.