 Adam Crowley is an expert on the hilarious and terrifying. He joins us tonight. Adam Crowley, thanks so much for coming out. It does seem like the standards for leadership have been inverted, like the craziest person, the least competent person, the most obviously unqualified person becomes the leader of everybody else. Well, I mean, think about this. Do a little thought experiment. All the people you just mentioned and will throw in Biden, will throw in Kamala Harris as well. Would you hire them to coach your small town high school football team? And if the answer is no, like you literally start laughing, right? If you said, finestein or Federman, or even Biden to Kamala Harris, Pete Buttigieg, any of these people, if you said, I would like them to coach our high school football team, you would be laughed out of the small town you lived in. So if they cannot raise to that level, then maybe they shouldn't be running the government. But I think they're running the government because of their deficiencies. So if you just took a cross section of 10,000 people from the phone book, assuming phone books still exist, which they don't, but it's a cross section of the population. You would get some high-optitude people, some low-optitude people. This is not a representative sample. Like the US Senate, for example, the White House, it's disproportionately stupid and crazy. Like we're selecting bad people on purpose. Well, it does dovetail nicely into the sort of intersectionality and all the woke stuff and all the affirmative action hires. But could it go any other way? I mean, if your criteria for hiring a football coach was, we need the gayest, we need the darkest, we need the ones who cross dress and transgender. How would that football team's record be at the end of three years of playing? I mean, how else could this go? Well, maybe you've hit upon a solution to the current crisis in our former meritocracy where Congress passes the law forcing the NBA and the NFL to abide by the same hiring standards they're imposing on, say, JP Morgan and Citibank and everybody else. Why not do that? And we can all watch what happens when you abandoned the meritocracy. Well, it would be the greatest experiment ever. And I think it would be very informative to a lot of people. I think if you said we were going to do a basketball team that we're going to hire by the same standards that the federal government hires in terms of intersectionality and race and everything else. And then you watched a bunch of guys bounce the ball off of their foreheads and into the first row and score no points and each game would end in a tie zero to zero then maybe Americans would take a look at the horrible sloppy play on the court and say, we don't want this in our government. The problem is, is we can't do the math. We're not doing the math. The second Joe Biden said, I'm going to, I'm going to run with a vice president who's female and black and other people should have been outraged by that. That's an insane statement. It's an racist statement. It's an insulting statement to everyone who's in the country. I told you when I was on your show a couple of years ago, I said Joe Biden is essentially a drunken airline pilot and we're all in the passenger seats. That's insane and it seems like an extreme analogy but isn't that much different?