 So, used to be like five years ago, the idea was you do your thing, we do our thing, we don't bother each other that was called tolerance. You want to dress up like a woman fine. Now the rules have changed completely. Worship me as I dress up like a woman or I'll crush you. That's why suddenly everything, even beer cans, are celebrating and promoting transgenderism. Bloodlight has just released a commemorative can, celebrating a man dresses up like a woman. His name is Dylan Mulvaney. Here's a listen, Alyssa Heinershide, who brags a cheesy first female VP of Bud Light, telling us that Bud Light loves Dylan Mulvaney, but hates its own customers. So, I had this super clear mandate. It's like we need to evolve and elevate this incredibly iconic brand. What does evolve and elevate mean? It means inclusivity. It means shifting the tone. It means having a campaign that's truly inclusive and feels lighter and brighter and different and appeals to women and to men. And representation is it sort of the heart of evolution. You've got to see people who reflect you in the work and we had this hangover. I mean, Bud Light had been kind of a brand of fratty kind of out of touch humor and it was really important that we had another approach. Out of touch, fratty and out of, is there anyone more out of touch than that woman? Is that woman the perfect physical embodiment of the problem in America? Yes. How do people like that take charge of our country? The least impressive, the dumbest, the most reaction of the people who live in the tiniest little worlds, they run everything. People who drink Bud Light are not impressed. Is the truth. John Rich is one of them. He is a, of course, a famous singer, songwriter. Our country star joins us tonight with his thoughts on Bud Light going trans. John, I appreciate you coming on tonight. What do you make of this? We know there's a lot of smart, really happy people, Tucker, that sit around big, conference tables at all the major brands and they spend millions and millions and millions of dollars to market their product, to do what? To sell more of it, whether it's beer or country music or pick up truck or pretty much anything you can think of. It's there right to market it however they want. They're making a bet that this is going to sell more product. I'm also in this world. I sell music, I've redneck rivieras, a brand of mine, this nation wide. I keep it real simple. I go, God, family and country. If you love God, family and country, you'll probably love redneck rivier and it probably won't disappoint you. What's happening, Tucker, is people that have been loyal to brands for decades and decades are finding it hard to stay loyal to them and so they start hunting down other brands that they can go support. And there's tons of up and coming American brands out there that people are flooding too right now, kind of like mine. So you really got a hope and it's not even owned by the Bush family anymore, but they'd Bud Light fails over this. I mean, I don't want to be mean. I don't want root for bankruptcy. But in this case, I think we have to hope for that. I think the customers decide, customers are king. So I own a bar downtown in Nashville called redneck riviera and our number one selling beer up until a few days ago was guess what, Bud Light. That was the number one beer. We got cases and cases and cases of it sitting back there. But in the past several days, you're hard pressed to find anybody ordering one. So as the business owner, I just go, hey, if you guys aren't going to order it, we got to put something else in here. And at the end of the day, that's capitalism right, Tucker, that's how it works. That's right. And they make great targets. You hit a Bud Light at 50 yards with the 223 and it just explodes. So I recommend that. How strong? John Rich, great to see you tonight. Thank you so much. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.