 If there's one theme that unites almost every story we've seen for the past three years, it's the people in charge despising the people there in charge of politicians despising their voters, preachers despising their congregation, generals despising their infantry, officers and enlisted men. So it shouldn't surprise you that the Bud Light executive in charge of Bud Light hates people who drink Bud Light and thinks, really, they should all become transexual. Here she is. So I had this super clear mandate. It's like we need to evolve and elevate this incredibly iconic brand. What does evolve and elevate mean? It means inclusivity. It means shifting the tone. We had this hangover. I mean, Bud Light had been kind of a brand of fratty, kind of out of touch humor, and it was really important that we had another approach. Yeah, fratty is bad. They're just so entitled. That's the word from Alyssa Heinershide who went to Harvard where it turns out she is something of a fratty past herself. Henry Rogers of the Daily Caller somehow got these pictures of that same person at school in 2006, and you can see she's blowing up condoms and no, that's not in a biology class. That's in some kind of fratty setting. So how's Bud Light doing? The brand she's partly in charge of. Well, it's lost more than $5 billion in market cap since going trans. Was it worth it? Of course it was. Candace Owens is the host of Candace. She joins us tonight to respond. Hope you weren't a Bud Light investor, Candace. Fortunately, I was not an amna, and I will say this. Nothing says I hate fratty quite like blowing up a condom at a booze fest, which is exactly what she's doing. In those photos, you can't make this up, but I am going to have to defend her because, listen, she's lying because she has to lie. Of course she enjoys a frat culture. Of course she had a good time while she wasn't college every other person. But now to survive in world culture, you have to become a liar. You have to pretend that you think fat is beautiful. You have to pretend to be race-obsessed. You have to pretend that you think Dylan Mulvaney is a woman and should be included in female spaces. We are being told that you have to lie repeatedly in order to survive in corporate culture, and she is herself a victim of that and a perpetrator of that. So yeah, it's absolutely shameful, and she should feel ashamed that she brought this idea to Bud Light. But I do believe that she was conditioned. I mean, she went to Harvard. What do we think goes on? What do we believe is the sociology of people that graduate Harvard? They're basically being told that this is the way that they should think. And there's one more thing I want to say here, Tucker, because it's deeply upsetting to me. There was a post-analysis that needs to happen here on why it is that Dylan Mulvaney for 365 days was able to openly mock women, to openly take the spaces of women, to get contracts from ultra-buty, to take contracts from other women and all these sponsorships and nobody cared. Until suddenly Dylan Mulvaney traversed into a male space and it became unacceptable. Why? Because men don't tolerate this level of lies in the way that women do, right? We respond emotionally and not rationally. We should have been the ones to put an end to Dylan Mulvaney, but we didn't because we feel bad. And should we just feel bad for men that want to be women and mock us and put on lipstick and picktails and call themselves a girl? I think not Tucker, but what culture says yes? It's as usual, you've taken it to a much deeper, more profound level than I had thought through. That is so, I mean, in one sentence, it's pretty amazing that the Battle of Sexes has been one by men with the help of feminists, isn't it? It is absolutely amazing. Unfortunately, once again, men have to rescue women from this terrible ideology that is taking place right now and I commend men for doing that. The great canister, thank you so much for that. Thank you.