 We are joined by Candace Owens, the host of Candace. And we're always happy to have her. Candace, thanks so much for coming on. It does seem like, Anna Coutierny was one of these ideas, you know, that some political fuss were thought up a long time ago, but I don't think it could be clear that's what we're watching. Absolutely, and I will say this about this cultural demise that we're facing. I know people are understandably outraged, people are understandably anger, but I also want to comment on just the overwhelming despair and sadness that all of this is making me feel. And I know that so many people at home are feeling the exact same way, not just about America's present, feeling bleak about the future, dystopian nightmare that we're currently existing in, but also looking backward, you know. One of the things that I think a lot of us are feeling is disillusionment with what American justice is even about. We've spent the better half of the last century entering in other countries, saying that we have a right to be here because we're spreading, quote, unquote, democracy. We've completely lost the moral high ground. I'm not sure if we ever really had it. We have a right to be in Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan, because we have better, our principles are better, because these people are criminals, because these people are terrorists, because these people have the wrong ideas. Now all of a sudden, our government is turning that same ideology against the American people, right? Now we have the wrong ideas. Now we are the domestic terrorists. Now we are the people that need to understand that criminality is allowed to fly. And so it's incredibly despairing and I just want to speak on that first and foremost, you know, to look and say that overseas, we just talk about how these terrorists were locking up their political dissidents. Now we're doing exactly the same thing. We're locking up grandmas in the Capitol building. We're putting people in prison for years for the offense of trespassing. We are now locking up a political contender. You're saying Donald Trump must be a reigned. We can't tell you why. We're going to issue a gag order. If any of this took place overseas, could you imagine what the response would be? We'd be demanding boots on the ground tomorrow to spread democracy. But here, they completely overlook it. Calling attacks on the existing system hate speech, which is a completely fake and made up category. If you eliminate free speech, you don't have democracy. Democracy requires free speech, or it doesn't exist. And we would know that if it were happening in the foreign country, you're so right. Can I just appreciate it coming on tonight. Thank you. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.