 Candace Owens is the host of the Candace Owens podcast. She joins us. Thank Candace. Thanks so much for coming on. How much more of Michelle Obama do you think will be seeing between now and say the January primaries of 2024? I think you have it exactly right. I think we're going to be seeing a lot of her and I know that we've all been wondering who are they going to put up as a candidate. It's become very clear that the media is dumping Joe Biden, right? Suddenly they're able to critique Hunter Biden's laptop. They're able to look at all of his corruption. I think that they just were unwilling to do for the first four years of his presidency. So they're basically saying, we no longer have your back. Now we're saying that you do do some bad stuff and oh, maybe he's not just forgetful sometimes. Maybe he is in fact senile and we're not going to have him for this candidate. It begs the question, you know, which is him? Are they going to run on? This is what they do. You are correct. You have sexism, which we I think people grew very tired of after Hillary Clinton. We get it. We all hate women. We're all misogynists according to the left and they ran Hillary and she didn't win. When they ran Biden, of course, it was racism. It was everybody is a racist. It was the COVID pandemic. You're right about these emergencies. What I will say about Michelle Obama is I think she's smarter than to run on just race because people forget this, but Obama was smarter than to run on just race the first time that he ran. He refused to answer those questions. I think what she's doing and the reason why she's talking about her menopause is she's making an Oprah appeal. She's appealing to suburban women because that's the people that's the group of individuals that Biden lost, right? So she thinks that she makes herself relatable to suburban women and she just does, you know, just remembers answers, basic answers like what is your name, things that Joe Biden can't remember, what are your children's name that she can get by because she knows that she'll have the full support of the media behind her. That's true. So I don't doubt that they are priming her to be the Kansas because I don't know who else they have to put forth. Well, that's it. I mean, the bench is thin. I mean, Gavin Newsom presiding over the worst managed state in American history. I don't think there's really much debate about that at this point. I mean, literally. And then Kamala, Kamala Carmella, whatever her name is, she can't decide Harris. You know, anyone who laughs at the idea of Michelle Obama becoming president should remember that Joe Biden is the president. That's exactly right. And that's why I would not laugh. I would not laugh at it because she is a way stronger candidate. Of course, then Joe Biden who didn't even have to go to any rallies. He had he had a bunch of cars that were honking at him. It's definitely something to consider seriously. And I don't know what the point would be. I guess just to pretend that things are changing, you know, it's just a continuation of the Clinton administration, the Obama's, the Biden's, it's all the same. But I guess people believe that it's actually change if they have a different person. And they'll just be relieved that they're not having to fight for Biden again and pretend that he's a legitimate president. And he obviously can't even hold a decent press conference or speak to the media whatsoever. And of course, Kamala, however you say her name, nobody is taking her seriously. She has that Hillary factor. She's just unlikable. You put her in front of a camera and you walk away and you just kind of go, oh my gosh, what was that? I don't like her and I don't know why. You can't really explain what it is. But there's no way they're going to run an election with her. And I think it's very real that Michelle Obama is going to be her candidate. I think you're right. I do. Great to see you, canna soons. Thanks so much.