 But first to assess what we just saw, Charlie Hurt of the Washington Times joins us now. Charlie, thanks so much for coming up. Great. So if you think, and you've really got a feel for Ryan Siknik, who's passed away, and you've got to wonder about anyone who knew that he was not murdered by the mob, but they've claimed it anyway for two years. It takes a very low kind of person to do that, to lie about a man's death like that for political advantage. And this takes proof that's exactly what they did. No, these people are truly sick. You think you know how sick they are, and then you see something like this, and you realize that there is truly nothing, nobody, no event, nothing that they won't exploit. And as Joe Biden said, oh no, this is also about white supremacy. And nobody, nobody comported themselves worse than the press did on this day. And of course, that's right. Years afterwards. And the best example of it is to look at the degree to which so many people in the press are so upset that you got the tapes, and that you're going to release the tapes. I've never heard of this. I've never, in all of my life, I've never known a press that didn't want information to be released. That's what we have been fighting for since the invention of the printing press. And now we have all these people. They're so committed to sort of the big lie that the government tells that they'll do anything including, you know, denigrating the name of a good police officer, and trying to hide the truth in order to sort of prop up this propaganda. And you know, the deadly insurrection is one of them. The other one that they love to talk about is the armed insurrectionists. And I remember at the time asking reporters at the time, you know, what was the reason why do you keep calling these people armed insurrectionists when there's no evidence that anybody used any arms against it? And they said, well, they had flag poles. So it's because people were walking around with American flags that made them armed insurrectionists. I should say for a few years, you know, you've been in journalism all your life. Your father was a journalist, you grew up in this business, and I agree with you. It's shocking to see how thoroughly it's been perverted into what it is now. The support of the government. The right active defense of the people in charge. It's shocking. Charlie Hurt appreciated it. Thank you. Great to see you. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.