 This is Fox News Alert in a very strange story. The Pentagon, as you may have heard, is now tracking a very high altitude Chinese spy balloon over the Northern United States. Apparently it's over Montana right now. You're seeing photographs of that balloon on your screen. The Pentagon has decided for some reason not to shoot down the balloon, even though they say it's flying over some quote, sensitive sites. So there are intercontinental ballistic missile silos in that area. What is this? Don't understand what's Jimille Jaffer from the National Security Institute. Jimille, thanks so much for coming on. This, you know, presents make a lot of complicated decisions. This doesn't seem complicated. There's a Chinese spy balloon. Why not shoot it down? What do you think is happening here? Yeah, it's a great question, Tucker. You know what's really interesting about this incident is that the defense bomber has made clear that this isn't the first time that we've seen Chinese spy balloons over US territory in the past. What's interesting about this particular incident is the fact that we've called it out. We've made it public and that they actually froze the airspace over Billings, Montana, and book planes up thinking about taking the shot. Now why they didn't take the shot, why they didn't take it down, hard to note, Tucker, but it's worth noting back in 2001, the Chinese forced down an American spy plane on High Night Island, kidnapped US airmen, airwomen for a number of days, installed a bunch of surveillance assets off that plane. Now that was almost two decades ago. So you almost answered my question. Do you think if the American Pentagon floated a spy balloon over Chinese missile bases that Chairman Xi would say, you know, I'm not really sure how to respond? Maybe we should just let it keep floating? Yeah, look, I think that's highly unlikely. I mean, you saw Nancy Pelosi went to Taiwan just a few months back and Kevin McCarthy is going to Taiwan shortly and the Chinese were threatening to shoot down Nancy Pelosi's plane. So, you know, it's clear that the Chinese would take action. It's surprising that we're not. You know, you want to be as fair as you can in situations like this because there's so much we don't know, but and you're tempted to leave the conclusion these people are completely impudent, but could there be a good reason for not shooting it down? Well, you know, you couldn't say that they wanted to see where it's going to go, what it's trying to track, is it looking at ICBMs, is it looking at something else, they may be collecting information off of it too. So there's a possibility there are good reasons for not shooting it down, but it is all that you would announce it, make it clear that you've seen it, and then not take action. Well, that's exactly right. It's such a smart observation. I appreciate it. We'll do our part. Thank you so much. Thanks, Tucker. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.