 Taxes aren't just a way to raise money for the state. They're an instrument of social control. If you don't like something, you tax it into extinction. So with that in mind, you should know that the state of New York currently imposes a 75% tax on cigars. Because they're so dangerous. Number of Americans killed it. She's nearby cigars. Not many. But a new tax would be increased under a law that looks like it's going to pass to 95% on cigars in the state of New York. Meanwhile, the tax on cannabis in New York is 13%. Why is that? Well, Lucio Mino is a criminal defense attorney on Staten Island and a cigar fish in auto. And so we're inviting him tonight to explain the disparity. So you're a defense lawyer. You're very familiar with disparities powder and crack cocaine in the rest. Why the disparity in taxes 95% for cigars, which do not hurt you. And 13% on weed, which increases your chance of getting schizophrenia. What is this? Tucket things for having me. As you know, I am a cigar smoking. And I guess that's why you had me on tonight. You know, it seems like the government will not be happy unless they have us all eating kale, drinking carrot juice, and smoking weed. All right. They're not happy with a nice good cigar. I mean, to tax something at 95% is absurd. They want to tax it into extinction, like you said. But why? You know, who gets hurt here, Tucket? The mom and pop cigars cigar shop down the corner. That's who gets hurt here. Not the rich people because you know where they're buying the cigars. On the illegal market, the Cubans on the illegal market, they get their full boxes and they're not taxed. But the average Joe that wants to enjoy a nice cigar on his porch at night with a nice glass of red wine or a nice Monteney, he is the one that's getting hurt. Of course, as always, but I don't even understand the justification for it. So if you moderately smoke cigars and don't inhale them and you're not burning ten a day or something, if you have an occasional cigar, the health risk is negligible. That's just true. People get hysterical and you say that, but it's true. So there's clearly no public health crisis posed by cigar smoking of all things. What is this? Sorry, Tucker, I don't know. I can't explain it. All I can explain to you is that everything we seem to enjoy, whether it's a glass of red wine, a drink, a nice cigar, they're going to tax. You know what's coming next, Tucker? I brought a prop. You know what's coming next because the elites Adavos have already warned us for this. Red meat. I'll dig fat steaks. That's what they're going to be taxing next. That's what they're going to be taxing next. Red meat, it's coming, Tucker, because we enjoy that. Well, of course. And taking someone's pleasure away is the ultimate sign of power. Right. It's great to see you tonight. Thank you for that. Keep smoking them. Thanks for having us, Tucker. Thank you. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.