 But before that happens, we thought we would check in on someone who has spent his life in the state and has seen it change longitudinally over more than 50 years. Adam Kruel is our friend. He joins us tonight to respond to a potential Gavin Newsom presidential run. Adam, what is your governor? What do you think of this? All right. I could barely watch that without crawling out of my skin or not being clean and sober. Yeah. Okay, a couple of things. He came on my podcast nine years ago and he told me his number one issue was homeless and homelessness. He was, that was his number one issue. I said to him, the homeless population, this is 10 years ago, is comprised of drug addicts and people with mental disabilities and or both. He then said to me, sitting three feet across from me, but what about the true face of homelessness, which is a mother of three who has a full-time, minimum wage job whose husband left her. So that was his idea of solving a problem and he declared himself the number one issue is homelessness and that's what he thought homeless was in California. Of course, it's grown exponentially and no one has ever seen a mother of three with a full-time job out on the street. He's a sociopathic buffoon, but the scary part is people vote for him. It's really you and I, we don't need to solve the riddle of Gavin Newsom. He's a carpet bagger, he's an idiot, he's bought and sold, he's a sociopath. He puts real cream on his teeth. Fine. Why do people vote for him? That's the real question that we need to solve. Well, that's the threat to democracy right there. If you have a population, it's a brand new population, a huge percentage of Californians just got there from other countries. If you have a population that votes for a leader that makes things worse, that is the challenge to democracy and make things worse measurably, like measurably, economically in crime. I mean, that's a huge problem, a scary problem. Yeah, you know, it's interesting. The great Carol Shelby, the man who made the Shelby Cobra, left Texas in the 60s, to come to California, to build cars. Could you imagine leaving Texas and coming to California to manufacture something in 2023? Also, here's a thought experiment that I think would work. Do you think if a number of Joe Biden's aides said to him, you can't run for president, we're already in our second term? Do you think he would believe that? Okay, that's good. Well, I don't run into Biden too often, but if I ever see him, I'm gonna say that. You know, the Constitution is one allowed, so I'm sorry. I don't know. I don't care. I love that. That is hilarious. Performing in New York in May, good luck there. Great to see you tonight. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens, stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.