 But tonight we're going to celebrate a lot of people have spent a lot of time over the years trying to get rid of this mayor And we would say at the top of that list is Chicago Alderman our friend Raymond Lopez who joins us tonight for an after action and for congratulations Alderman Lopez On what happened last night. I have no idea what's going to happen next But it's worth pausing for a moment to say democracy worked. Is it not? Absolutely Tucker good evening and before we start let me just say our hearts and prayers are with an officer in Chicago tonight that it was shot In the line of duty in the most dangerous of American cities right now, but With what happened with yesterday's election democracy worked and the pendulum I believe is starting to swing in the right direction back to the middle back towards common sense Where the the outrageous policies of woke narratives and agendas are coming to an end And I think that we have one more chance in Chicago one more hurdle to reach Where we finally put this to rest where we could have common sense prevail across the entire city where the law-biting citizens are the ones that we're fighting for and that where the city is no longer safe for criminals But for the good people of the city of Chicago Hey, you always set the most basic possible standards for governance like can you walk outside your house without worrying about getting shot to death I think and I think that's the place to start So do you think you said there's one more chance? Is there a candidate who you think him would uphold the state that standard Yes, I think we have a runoff in six weeks in the city of Chicago because nobody got the majority of the votes Yesterday One of which is Paul Vales the former CPS school CEO and a former budget director for the city of Chicago He's backed by law enforcement supports all our first responders and is basically building himself as a problem solver His opponent is a Cook County commissioner Brandon Johnson who is super left tied with our teachers union And his claim to fame is being able to take away the background checks for renters so that landlords don't know who they're renting to Come on I mean the and is uh Just yesterday would not Disavow looting in the city of Chicago as it means as a justifiable means So I think we have some pretty clear choices in Chicago. It's just up to the voters to not fall for the narratives Not fall for the race baiting and gaslighting but the focus on what we need to do to put our city back together So one candidate is for restoring safe streets the other won't disavow looting so I Seems like I'm pretty clear choice Alderman Lopez. I hope you'll come back with an update on that race. Thank you so much. Thank you. Congratulations Thank you Tucker In August of 2020 Kyle written how shot three men in self-defense There's no dispute that it was in self-defense. It's all on video and a jury reached that same conclusions That's a fact he shot them in self-defense But self-defense itself is no longer a defense. It's becoming illegal in this country One of the men who tried to murder Kyle written house with a gun in his hand which is on video is now suing Kyle Rittenhouse. How does that work? Well Kyle Rittenhouse joins us to respond straight ahead Plus our second gentleman The dude is married to Kamala Harris who won't kiss him without a mask on As some thoughts about toxic masculinity ladies and gentlemen buckle up Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight