 Glenn Greenwald has long reported on the political abuses of the legal system. He is the host of system update on rumble and our friend, he joins us tonight. Glenn, you would think somebody would say, look, I don't like Trump, but this is doing grave damage to institutions we're going to need two years from now. And for the next hundred years, but now one person that we can find has said that. I heard you in your prior segment saying, where's people like Carl Rove and George Bush and the people who left her as? I think people like Victoria Nuland demonstrate the theater behind this whole Republican versus Democratic War. Yes. This is the key to the whole thing, which is that they are determined not to criminalize conservatism or the Republican party. They're fine with people like Jeb Bush or John McCain or Mitt Romney or Nikki Haley or Lindsey Graham or whoever. They're determined to criminalize Donald Trump and his movement because the only time Victoria Nuland wasn't in government. She was worked for Clinton, then she worked for George Dick Cainey, then she worked for Obama. Now she worked for Biden was when Donald Trump was elected president. So that's the only way you get these people out of government. And that's why they're single-mindedly determined to criminalize not their Republican party, but Donald Trump and his movement. And that's what we saw yesterday with his indictment and today with this person who's now going to prison because of anti-hillary Clinton memes he posted on Twitter. The problem is in organizing the system that way they cut out the majority of the population. Are the majority of American voters of either party in favor, for example, of going to war with nuclear armed Russia and China? I don't think there's any evidence the majority is in favor of that, do you? No, or for example, keeping troops in Syria, which I would bet you, fairly anybody even knows that the United States is doing. I don't want to, when he had Matt Gaetz, had a resolution to withdraw all troops in Syria saying we shouldn't be spending money on that. We shouldn't be spending money here at home and there are Republicans and Democrats joined together. The establishment links to say no, we want to keep Joe Biden, keep troops in Syria. It's the establishment links of both parties that are the real enemy and they're the ones who rule no matter what you go and do it the voting booth. Donald Trump was the only one who could disrupt it and that's why they want to criminalize that movement. It's exactly right. I mean, if you were just to write out the crimes of Donald Trump being obnoxious, okay, versus the crime of Soutorian Newland destroying the West, one list would be longer than the other, but who's getting entitled? Glenn Greenwald, thank you so much. I appreciate that very much. Thanks, Dr. Greenwald. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.