 So, equity, a poorly defined idea, has taken over and completely changed huge parts of the United States, banking, air travel. You don't want equity in medicine, do you, particularly in surgery? Well, it's there now. The American College of Surgeons is just declared itself to be a tool of white supremacy, suggesting that surgery itself may be racist. They say that patients should have their surgeries done by doctors from their racial group, as it was done during Jim Crow. What should we think of this? Well, Dr. Richard Bowshart is a surgeon, he practices at Bowshart and Marseille Plastic Surgery Associates, and he has a really thoughtful op-ed in the Wall Street Journal describing what's happening. Dr. Thank you for coming on tonight, for being willing to do this. So, why should we be concerned by these ideas entering medicine? Tucker, thank you so much for having me on the show. I'm sitting here and I'm a little bit in disbelief that I'm even here. Yes. Don't take this incorrectly or wrongly, but I almost wish I didn't have to be. Well, I agree. I am a plastic surgeon once all-subored certified by the American Board of General Surgery, and I've been practicing for over 33 years. Last year I was banned for life from access to members of the American College of Surgeons on their online discussion forums. The ACS for people that don't know is the largest organization and also the oldest in the world representing surgeons and also surgical patients. The mission of the ACS, which was written into their initial mission statement to serve all with skill and trust, has since been changed. There was supposed to be promoting excellence in surgery and supporting surgeons in their patients. Unfortunately, this is no longer true. My ban occurred because two years ago, I noticed that there was a direction of the ACS to try to jump onto this systemic racism banwagon that seems to be very popular these days. The ACS leadership went to war against itself. It declared the ACS, the American College of Surgeons, to be structurally racist. It also went on to say that surgeons are racists and even the practice of surgeries racist. What this did is that produced a type of messaging that now states that as you clearly put its best if patients are treated by surgeons of their own race. Tucker, let me ask you a question. If you are looking for a surgeon for yourself and a loved one or a loved one, what are you looking for in a surgeon? Skill. Yeah. Skill, absolutely. What about trust? Of course. I would say that after skill, probably the single most important thing that goes into providing good medicine is trust. Up. Yes. A patient has to trust that a surgeon is not only competent and skilled, but also has their best interest at heart and will do the best for them. A surgeon on the other hand has to also trust the patient that they will understand that the surgeon is doing his or her best. Yes. And Dr. Bose-Hard, I wish we had more time. I hope you will come back for a much longer conversation because I think this matters more than almost anything else. And I appreciate your bravery coming on tonight.