 Well, we're learning tonight from a leak from the Department of Justice to the Washington Post that the special counsel investigating Donald Trump, the Republican frontrunner, is now looking into whether he committed wire fraud. Okay? So as his numbers go up, the number of investigations multiply. This one appears to be related to Trump's fundraising efforts between the 2020 election and January 6th. Of course, this is an effort to sideline the frontrunner in the Republican Party while they figure out what to do with Joe Biden. Meanwhile, Trump is talking in a way that nobody else is about the most serious threat to this country, which is nuclear war. A nuclear war that the Biden administration seems intent on sparking through recklessness and truly crazy behavior. And then, of course, the second greatest threat to the United States, the other thing you never hear about is we, Yamarone, about trans rights, is the decline of the U.S. dollar. We interviewed Donald Trump yesterday in Florida, and that came up. Here's part of the conversation. Iran gets together with Saudi Arabia through China. And China is taking over. And China, you know, I heard a couple of people say, well, the dollar will never lose the dollar standard. Are they kidding? China wants to change the standard, the currency standard. And if that happens, that's like losing a world war. We'll be a second-tier country. We'll literally be a second-tier country if that happens. Now you're losing Brazil. You're losing Colombia, South America. You're losing Iran. You've lost it. You've lost Russia. And if you haven't lost them yet, you're going to lose them. China's on the one. So China's gone. Then you see France going over. No, what's going on? They're losing. If we lose our currency, that's the equivalent of losing a world war. Our currency is what makes this powerful and strong. And this was unthinkable during the Trump administration. And if I saw Macron do that, I would have called him. I would have said, you know what? No more wine into the United States. No more champagne into the... And I had that with him. You know, I had Steve Minuch and a good guy was unable to make a deal with France. France is very difficult. I will tell you. They're all difficult because every country rips us off. But France is in particular very difficult. And you probably heard what they wanted to charge American companies, substantial tax to do business in France. So I had Minuch in working on it and other people working. They were unable to... They called me back. Just for a couple of months, they could not do it. I said, let me have Macron get him. I said, listen, I understand you're going to tax American companies for doing business in France, his story. On Monday morning, if you don't drop this, on Monday morning was Friday. I'm going to put a 100 percent tariff on every bottle of champagne and every bottle of wine that comes into the United States of America. He says, no, no, no, that's not fair. I said, of course it's fair. You're charging American companies for going to France and doing business in France are very big tax. So all of you wine, very good wine, but I think we make wine that's just as good. All of you wine and all of your champagne that comes in, I'm putting a 100 percent tax on. That's it. So good luck. Monday morning at 9 o'clock. That was it. I get a call back 15 minutes later. We've decided we're not going to charge American companies. But do you know what happened? One side left, now they're charging them. So the takeaway from the interview with Dibotrumpius, last to over an hour, was whatever you think of his answers, the conversation was about real topics. It was not about global warming or systemic racism or trans rights. It was about nuclear war, the US dollar and its strength against other currencies are trade balance, the things that actually define a country. They told you he was crazy for all these years, but why is he the only one talking about these things? Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.