 Mr. President, thank you for having us. Thank you. Last week, you're in New York for the Surreinement, the world watched it. You've not given an interview since. You were there, I think, 57 minutes. Tell us from your perspective what that was like. Well, it was a horrible thing because I did nothing wrong. Absolutely nothing wrong. You look at even the pundits and the legal analysis, Greg Jared, all of these really talented people. They're saying he didn't do anything wrong. So that's number one. Number two, they were incredible. When I went to the courthouse, which is also a prison, in a sense, they signed me in. And I'll tell you, people were crying. People that worked there, professionally worked there. That have no problems putting in murderers and they see everybody. It's tough, tough place. And they were crying. They were actually crying. They said, I'm sorry. They'd say, 2024, sir. 2024. And tears are pouring down. There was, I've never seen anything like that. Those people are phenomenal. Those are your police. Those are the people that work at the courthouse. They're unbelievable people. Many of them were in tears or close to it. Many apologists were sorry, sir. We're sorry. They had to have me do certain things. It's a, I can't believe I have to ask you. I can't even believe that I have to ask you to do it. You could see. So in one sense, it was beautiful because they get it. In another sense, you know, it's nasty. I went to the Wharton School of Finance. They didn't teach me about that. That wasn't like in the past. But the arrangement was part. That wasn't, that wasn't, we didn't have a class on a reingment. And it was a sad day in many ways. And in many ways, it was a beautiful day. Because the people understand, I didn't know this was happening, but the poll numbers have gone through the roof. The people get it. And the other ones are hoaxes also. You know, the box hoax. Look at it by me. He's got 1,850 boxes. And you know, that's a hoax. And then the one in Atlanta, where I had a perfect phone call, this is all weaponization. They're weaponizing our justice system, Tucker. And they think if they go and give you a subpoena, you know, I guess I'm very well known and people understand it. And they get it. And maybe I have a bigger platform so I can explain it. But if you're somebody, a Republican, let's say, running for office and you get a subpoena, you might as well resign because you're not going to be able to survive it. And the voters aren't going to handle it. The voters aren't going to take it. What they're doing is weaponizing the system. And there's never been anything like it. And it's all disinformation. You see, the other day, Afghanistan, one of the worst things I've ever seen, I think the most embarrassing moment that this country has ever had, frankly, the way we got it. Not the getting out. We had to get out of these ridiculous to be there. And I had that so good, so tight, so tough. I spoke to the leader, Abdul. I said, Abdul, if you do anything, you're going to get hit really hard. Literally, I even, he said, but so why? Why? He goes, why, oh, why do you send me a picture of my house? I said, you have to figure that one out, Abdul. But we didn't have one death in 18 months. He knew not one death. And then to see the way we got out, like we were surrendering, taking the military out first, leaving $85 billion worth of equipment behind, giving up the bagram, I was going to keep the bagram, I was getting out, but not for Afghanistan. It's one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons. It's one of the biggest air force bases in the world. I think the biggest, with the runways that go 10,000 feet, I was keeping that, because of China, not because of Afghanistan. And they left everything. They left the dark of night. They left the lights on. They left the dogs, by the way. You know, the people say about the dogs. They left the dogs. Everyone, you know, the dog lovers. And you got a lot of them. I love dogs. You love dogs. But they left the dogs. People said, what, one of the first questions I got, what did they do with the dogs? Mostly German shepherds. They left them. What they did, the way they got out, was so horrible. OK, everybody knows that was their plan. That had nothing to do with me. I was getting out too. We would have gotten out with strength and dignity. And what happened? They got out. And the other day I hear, yeah, it was Trump's fault. Oh, that's right. It was Trump. I was gone for a long time. I would have been out faster than them. We would have had all the equipment. We would have had the American citizens. We left hostages. We left Americans behind. Many, I think, many more than you think. And we had 13 soldiers killed. And nobody ever mentions the fact that we had many maimed so badly. Norms, no legs. Their face was obliterated. This is the way this guy got out. We would have gotten out with dignity and strength. We were going to. But I was taking 100%. I said, I want every nail. I want every screw. I want the tents. They said, sure, the tents are very hard to take out. I said, I want the tents. I want the tanks. I want the planes. I want everything. And a couple of them fought me on it, like Millie. He said, sir, I think it's cheaper to leave the equipment behind. I said, let me ask you. We have a plane that costs $100 million. It's sitting there. All it needs is a tanky guess. Give me a little jet fuel. We'll fly it to Pakistan or any place else. Or we'll fly it directly home. You say it's cheaper to leave $100 million. Sir, I think overall it's cheaper. These are idiots we're dealing with. They left $85 billion worth of equipment. They left our American citizens behind. And they moved the military at first. No, you moved the military at last. I did a little skit with a five-year-old kid. I said, let me ask you. Here's a situation. I explained the situation. I said, would you take the military out first? Or would you take it out last? I took it out last five-year-old. But they took the military out first. And they were afraid of our military. When I was there, they were afraid. We didn't have one soldier killed in 18 months, not one soldier was killed in 18 months. And then we got out like we surrendered. I think it was the single most embarrassing day in the history of our country. It was totally there for it. They didn't go by anything. Because we had a system of getting out. But if the Taliban, in particular, the Taliban, because that's where the action was, right? When I called Abdul, the press went crazy. The fake news went crazy. Why did he call an enemy? I said, well, it's Jesse James. I used to ask him, why did he rub banks? He said, that's where the money is. Why did I call the head of the Taliban? Because that's where the killing was. And he's there now, Abdul. I'm sure he likes me. Call me your ex-cellency. I don't know if he calls Biden your ex-cellency. Probably. I mean, you know, they're one of the largest arms dealers now in the world. They're selling the $85 billion worth of a, because they only need 5% of it. Of course. They're selling the, they're one of the largest. I think second, arms deals are brand new helicopters, brand new airplanes, brand new tanks. Unbelievable what we left behind. We ran. And there was no reason to. I had them. I could have stayed there for five years, if I wanted to. I wound out. 21 years was enough. I wound it out. We should have been there in the first place. But when I see what happens, when I see the level of stupidity, and because of that, it's all a big web. Because of that, I think Putin, who would have never gone into Ukraine when I was there, would have never. I talked to him about it. Often would have never, ever done that when he saw that I wasn't there. And he saw these fools, he's stupid people. And think of that, the way they left Afghanistan, and nobody was fired. I fired a lot of people because if they didn't do a good job, but far more than so. Let me ask you, talk to Putin about Ukraine. What did you say to him? I could see that he loved it. And I said, he loved Ukraine. He considers it to be a part of Russia. I said, not when I'm president. We had a very good relationship. He was, I mean, look, I was the worst thing that ever happened. I closed up this pipeline. You never heard the words Nord Stream 2 until I came along. Nord Stream 2 was their pipeline. And I had a great relationship with him. But it was very tough because they had a fake Russia investigation. And I told him, and he told me. He said, it's very hard for us to deal, don't you think? I said, very hard, because we have a fake investigation that turned out to be a fake for two years at one on. And we could have done very well with Russia. They have great minerals. They have great things that we want. We could have. And they need the money and they need other things. But that interfered. That was a terrible thing. That was actually a treasonous thing to do. Those people should have been arrested. They made it up. They made up a problem with Russia that didn't exist. Now they've all admitted it didn't exist. It was just on to the next one. I often say they said to me the other day, one of your fellow journalists said, who's the biggest problem? So is it China? Could it be Russia? Could it be North Korea? No, I said, the biggest problem is from within. It's these sick, radical people from within. Because we can handle, if we're smart, we can handle Russia, China. I did. I took billions and billions, hundreds of billions of dollars from China. No other president took in anything. And they respected me. He's the same thing. You know, I told them you can't go into Taiwan. You can't. You can't do it. I won't tell you exactly what I said. But it was something that probably a lot of people wouldn't like if they heard it. But it was very tough. Don't go into Taiwan. If you do, we're going to have problems. Other than that, we're going to be great relationship. We're going to have a great relationship. And he said to me, when I said, we're going to do something if he goes, no, no, you wouldn't do it. I'll do that. I swear I'll do that. And he didn't believe me, but he believed me 10%. The same thing with Putin. I said, I was going to do something really nasty if he goes into Ukraine. He said, no, no, you're not going to do that. I said, I will. And he didn't believe me that, but he believed me 10%. And the 10%, you never heard talk about going into Ukraine. You never heard talk about going into Taiwan. I was no longer there. Now what a mess the world is in. What a mess. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.