 Well, we're all arguing about stormy Daniels. Big things are happening. Biggest of all is life expectancy in the United States, going in the wrong direction. One of the drivers of that is health. Americans have a lot more chronic health issues than they used to. Very few people have commented on this or thought about why it's happening. Mark Heimann is a physician in the exception to this. Really an amazing person, if you're not familiar with him, he's got a new book out called Young Forever, The Secrets to Living Long Healthy Lives. We talked to Mark Heimann on many recommendations. Talk to Mark Heimann. So we did for a brain and episode Tucker Carlson today. Here's part of it. We have developed a medical system based on historical phenomena, which is you have a headache. You go to the head doctor. You have a stomach ache. You go to the stomach doctor. It seems logical, except biology isn't organized that way. It's not the way the body is organized. The body is a system. So rather than treat each individual part, each individual symptom, we treat the root causes and we create health. So functional medicine is the science of creating health as opposed to the science of treating disease. And when you create health, disease goes away as a side effect. We have our whole concept of disease wrong. And it's some entity, a thing that we catch, like a cold. Yes, yes, that's exactly right. But it's not like that. Like some day you just get it. Yeah, I get heart disease, or I got diabetes, or I get cancer, or I get dementia, or I get whatever autoimmune disease. No, there are really clear causes for these problems that are rooted in things that we now know that we haven't translated into medical practice. And for every 10% of your calories, this ultra-process food, your risk of death goes up by 14%. And our diet is 60% ultra-process food, and kids is 67%. It's an international emergency, honestly. I mean, there's six million people who die from COVID globally, but 11 million people die every year from bad food. That's an amazing conversation, even if you love pizza and Oreos, and some of us do. Dr. Mark Heimann, tomorrow, is the 70-month Fox D-Ship is streaming. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.