 So, this is one of the biggest problems that we have and almost nobody has any idea what to do better or any will to do anything. Dr. Mark Siegel has a sense of what we should do and he joins us to tell us what it is. Dr. Thanks for coming on. Hi Tucker, you know, first of all it connects to something you started the show with when you were talking about Chicago because Chicago is 65,000 homeless and they're overflowing into the shelters into O'Hare Airport where there's encampments and a lot of violence is going on in crime. In LA, there's 50,000 homeless that don't have shelters in New York, they are sheltered, almost 70,000 are shelters. And I'll tell you in a minute why shelters make a difference as step one. I have three steps for what our Democrat mayors could actually do if they're listening, three steps. But as you said, mental illness is a big part of this. 13 times more likely to become homeless if you were in prison, domestic abuse, you lose your house, you lose your job. That's what we're dealing with here. Mental illnesses really high up. So what do you do? Number one, you provide shelters. You got to have extensive shelters, but that's not enough. Affordable housing would be nice and LA does not have that. That's why everyone's fleeing LA. And so we need affordable housing. Number two, we need community service here. We need the community to get involved and not just give somebody a place to live, but how about something to do? A bridge to jobs, maybe give some payment. Maybe give somebody their self-worth back. And the third idea is we need to address this mental illness. One-third, severe mental illness. We need clinics on wheels in cities that come and take care of our homeless and deal with the mental illness parts. And in prisons, by the way, I told you at the beginning, prisons are heavily involved in this. We need prison reform, Tucker, because 85% of prisoners are suffering from drug abuse. And I'll tell you, there's one state that's going to surprise you that actually has a handle on this. It's a road island. They do a lot of reform in Rhode Island. So the homelessness problem, if our Democrat mayors are listening, get them housing, get them medical care, and give them something to do, Tucker. Dr. Mark Siegelforestein, thank you very much. Thank you. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.