 Well Joe Biden is in Poland doing his semi literate Winston Churchill imitation. His own country doesn't seem to be improving thousands of Americans in East Palestine Ohio, for example, are worried about their health and their finances. Foxes Foxes Garrett Tenney just spoke to one of them. Half a mile down the tracks from where a Norfolk Southern trained derailed Chris Ramoldy says like a lot of people in this town he's stuck. I do roofing and signing for a living. Are you going to want to put siding and a new roof on your house that you're probably by use of dropping? So my future is uncertain as far as my business in his town. Chris also wasn't convinced the air inside his home is safe despite testing by the railway last week. His family's health issues haven't gone away and yesterday he says his fiance found an oily sheen on top of their dehumidifier's water. So that tells me that if this chemical sticks the water, my dehumidifier's taking water out of the air in the basement. It's obviously still there. So as all this is going on the transportation secretaries supposed to be preventing trained derailments has been bothered to visit East Palestine Ohio more than two weeks after the derailment more than two weeks after authorities lit the toxic chemicals on fire. This doesn't have time but he does have time to do morning shows he just did. When are you going to go to East Palestine? Well I am planning to go. When I go the focus is going to be on action. Look I was mayor of my hometown for eight years. We dealt with a lot of disasters natural and human and one of the things I noticed very quickly is that there's two kinds of people who show up when you have that kind of disaster experience. People who are there because they have a specific job to do and are there to get something done and people who are there to look good and have their picture taken. When I go it will be about action on rail safety. If there's any member of the Biden administration deserves to lose his job immediately it's that guy. Nathan Kelly Izzotic are in East Palestine they lived there we talked to him a couple days ago and since we spoke they tell us they've been coughing a blood. We want to get an update from Nathan and Kelly join us now. Thank you both for coming on. Nathan first you coughing a blood. Yes Tucker it was days after the incident and that's it would have been the Sunday and I woke up in a very horrific coughing spell almost like a bronchitis or pneumonia type and yeah I don't know if it was just from the coughing fits or what but spats of blood did appear that night and a few days later obviously we evacuated town it resided and went away but that was one of the side effects. How how old are you? I'm 30 now just starting 30. You should in February 16th. Yeah I'm no doctor but you should not be coughing a blood. We're gonna speak to a doctor and I'm in I mean I'm telling you what you know but that's not a good sign Kelly how are you feeling? The headaches are horrible they pretty much when I'm about three to four miles outside of town. They start and as long as I'm within a few miles of the the crash site I've got headaches really bad headaches migraines. Has anyone tried to explain to you why you might be having these symptoms? Well if we're talking the Ohio doctor Fauci's we can go and you know they're gonna try to point it towards having COVID-related symptoms but we obviously know that's not the case. Yeah no that's not the case. Coughing a blood is not it is not I don't think a valid COVID symptom at this point. How does it smell? I mean we have a sense of smell for a reason the nose knows that you know there's truth in that. How does your town smell? I mean it's still blatant even your cameraman here that's one of the first things I asked him was you know do you smell what's smelling outside and he says yeah it's it's a sweet odor it smells terrible and again it's it's more taught towards the evening when it's more prominent. I hate to ask you about money but I can't resist. I mean what about homeowners in East Palestine like you got to think that their home values are bottoming out. Nobody is ever gonna purchase a home that has East Palestine in the in the address. I mean this is this is definitely made our value plummet. Are you are you homeowners? Yes we are home. Oh yeah the future isn't yeah the future isn't right. Yeah your health and your wealth in May. Oh yeah I'm sorry I'm really sorry but we appreciate the update from both of you tonight Nathan Kelly Zoddik thanks. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.