 So really we mock people like that is stupid, but underneath it all is hate. That's what that is. That's hate She hates her fellow Americans who live in East Palestine and places like it. You should know that Courtney Miller lives in East Palestine. She joins us. Right. Courtney. Thanks so much for coming on You're still there the Secretary of Transportation came today. Do you think the visit made a difference? Not at all not at all It's just like every meeting that they are trying to have here it we never get answers Everybody gets to go around. It's still nothing. They're not doing anything Fimos I was told Fimos to be here numerous times. There's still no FEMA anywhere. I just don't understand I don't understand why they're saying that they're gonna do it and then they don't Are you I mean you're I around here? Well, I've noticed but you're most pressing concern has got to be the question of whether it's safe to live there since you live there and I Because you probably don't have a winter house in Palm Beach, so you're gonna stay there or do you know if it's safe to be there? I mean, does anyone explain that no you don't know I don't know but I did a higher Scott Smith who's been taking samples out of the creek in my backyard Before they decided to try to dilute it so that we couldn't get samples, but those samples were sent out Those samples are being tested for dioxins and vinyl chloride and multiple other chemicals and They are not being sent to anywhere near Ohio or Pennsylvania. They're being sent elsewhere in the country and here soon within I'm hoping the next couple of weeks will be able to have results Sooner than later and then we can actually find out for sure what is actually in that creek and how Talks it really is because as you can see it like I still don't sound the way I did the last time we talked And that's because I've been here for a couple days and it's affecting my voice at this point I sound very raspy and it's harder to breathe and it was such a nice day today It was 70 degrees. I walked outside and I sat down I wish I could say it took a breath of fresh air, but that's not the case here Right it still smells it smells horrible my creek is terrible It's just it's it's just like a gas chamber that we're in you can't find what you're not looking for and I know that They're not looking for that as per their results on their testing that they've done and then they were trespassing on my yard on top of it and Deluting the creek so I couldn't get things it's It's unreal the corruption Well if you were Ukrainian you'd be a top priority. I'm just sorry they're not Courtney Miller. Thanks so much for that update from this Palestine appreciate Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight