 Stephanie Capomboi is an economist. She found that macro mavens, where she is the CEO, she joins us tonight. Stephanie, thanks so much for coming on. So can you just give us your coolest, most attached assessment of what we're seeing this seems like a big deal is it? Well, I mean, I can't believe that you're not a laid by listening to Treasury Secretary Yellen. I mean, clearly, she's got the situation in hand. I also am just done, Tucker, that you don't believe that diversity, equity, and inclusion are the root of a sound financial system. I mean, come on, where have you been for the last year, Tucker? It's time to be quiet. It's time to be quiet. And like, let's get some real economists here who aren't just like repeating Atlantic articles. This is insane. It is absolutely insane. And the layers of insanity, I can't even believe the videos you showed about the people at SFVB, focused on the women's key vacations, and what, it's just nonsense. And you're right. What we're facing right now is really serious. I mean, we are on the brink of a 2008 style financial crisis, and I'm not trying to be hyperbolic. In fact, you and I discussed this at length in our long form interview several months ago. And at the time, the Fed hadn't even raised rates nearly as high as they have today. And I was saying, look, you know, raise rates in record fashion on an economy-toting record leverage at maximum speculation and expect no consequence. I mean, this was clearly going to happen. And now we're seeing the weaklings in the chain break. You know, the areas where speculation was most rampant and most egregious are clearly coming down. And they're doing so as they seem to do in all the three-letter acronyms, just like they did in 2008. You know, we're back to the three-letter acronyms. And there'll be a lot more of those. And frankly, I think, you know, this is the unintended consequence of the Fed's monetary policy layered with really bad fiscal policy on top of it. But essentially, they've been encouraging people to take reckless risks for years just because you had no alternative. You could get 0% sitting in a tea bill or having your money in the bank. Or you could run out and you could speculate. And that's what they've done. And that's all coming back to bite them hard. And we've got some major consequences coming at us. And I think it's going to devolve very rapidly because of all the leverage that's been built up here. It's exactly right. If you treated your children like the Fed has treated Wall Street, your kids would all be in rehab, you know, what they've done is bad. No doubt. Stephanie Pomboi, I appreciate your wisdom on us. Thank you. I think you took her pleasure. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.