 So Elon Musk has spent a lot of his life thinking about space and he's got the world's biggest rocket company So we asked him have you ever seen anything out there that suggests alien life and by the way How do you think life on this planet is going? You know and musk is born in the rare voices to raise the alarm about lower birth rates He's doing something about it personally. He thinks the rest of us should too. Here's this part of the conversation People sort of take the fact that like we're here on earth full granite, you know and that there's a Consciousness is just a normal thing that happens, but for the best of our knowledge we see no evidence of Conscious life anywhere anywhere in the universe. So it might be there You know physics is a cool sort of the Fermi paradox When a reek Enrico Fermi is amazing physicist asked a fun and a question where are the aliens? Yeah A lot of people ask me I Where are the aliens and I think if anyone would know about aliens on earth, they would probably be me I would think yeah, I'm like, you know very familiar with space stuff um And I've seen no evidence of aliens so I would immediately tweet you know tweet it out This is let's say I get it'll be like that'll be like one all time probably a top tweet of all time Fell one guy It's a jackpot Billion likes, you know Next level jackpot if you find it Like I don't think they keep it as under you know and it was like some General I think in the 60s who with this like show us the aliens like arrow 51 etc And it said like listen we're constantly trying to get the defense budget to expand and Look you know what would really get no arguments for anyone if we pull out an alien And said we need money to protect ourselves from these guys How much money do you want you got it They looked dangerous So the fastest way to get a defense budget increase would we to pull out an alien, you know We're like yeah, I mean that could be the invasion thing could be arriving any minute who knows so Um I don't know as I digress but but you you were saying that our consciousness makes us unique in the universe as far as we know and that we Yes, I'm not saying that we are unique. I'm simply stating to the best of my knowledge that there is no evidence for other Yeah, just life That I I hope they there is and I hope they're peaceful Obviously too important to characteristics um But um or just saying we we haven't seen anything yet so um But you think that we take our existence here for granted yeah, I think we there are threats to it Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah exactly so um I I just think we should not assume that civilization is robust um and if you if you look at the history Of civilizations the rise and pull of the ancient Egyptians the ancient Samarians um Rome you know this Throughout the world it been rise and pull of many civilizations um So there's there's an arc that's sort of a life sort of a life cycle arc to so to civilizations just as there was to to individual humans yes and And I think we just want to make sure that that you know who we we have civilization go on written upward um And uh that's for example why I'm concerned about decreasing both rates and and um the fact that for example Japan Had twice as many deaths last year as both So the you that that's and they're they're leading indicators This is okay can I say and you've you've written on and talked a lot about this but can I just ask you to pause just for a parenthetical note Why is that I mean the urge to have sex and to procreate is After breathing and eating the most basic urge. Yeah, how has it been subverted? Well, it's just the in the past we could rely upon um, you know simple limbic system rewards in order to procreate um, but once you have both control um and you know Abortions and whatnot now you now you now you can still satisfy the limbic instinct but not to procreate So we didn't we haven't yet evolved to Deal with that because this is all fairly recent, you know last 50 years or so Um for the poor birth control You know, so i'm sort of worried that hey civilization You know don't if we don't make enough people to at least sustain our numbers perhaps increase a little bit Then civilization is gonna crumble There's this the old question of like uh will civilization and with a bang or a wimper well It's currently trying to end with a wimper in adult diapers. Yes, uh, which is depressing as hell The most depressing the month. I mean seriously. Yeah War is less depressing. Yeah, it's really go over the bang. Yeah Your shoes on yeah, not with your dorks. I think yeah Whatever you think of Elon Musk he's one of the rare figures in this country Maybe around the world who sticks to the fundamentals. How do we keep the human race going? What's good for Humanity and what's bad those the questions our leaders should be discussing and is to other lecturing us about trans rights and systemic racism So it's refreshing to hear it if you'd like to hear the entire thing the full uninterrupted interview every minute our cameras were on With Elon Musk that's coming soon It's going up on Fox Nation tomorrow morning. We highly recommend it Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight