 Elon Musk bought Twitter because he used Twitter. It's as simple as that and he was infuriated by Twitter's effort to silence people on the internet. That's how strongly he believed in free speech. He paid $44 billion in a million. He lost tens of billions of dollars doing it. And when he took over and looked behind the curtain, he discovered Twitter was really a tool of the global intel agencies to spy on people in Amit propaganda. Here it is. You bought Twitter famously. You've got a lot of other businesses and a lot going on. You said you bought it because you believe in speech, free speech. You've had a lot of hassle since you bought it and retrospect was it worth buying it? I mean, it may be seen as to whether this was financially smart. Currently it is not. We just re-valued the company at less than half of the acquisition price. It's true. My timing was terrible for when the offer was made because it was right before advertising plummeted. You got the high water mark, I noticed. Yeah. So it must be a real genius here. My timing is amazing. Since I've bought it for at least twice as much as it should have been bought for. But something is priceless. With our lose money or not, that is a secondary issue compared to ensuring the strength of democracy and free speech is the bedrock of a functioning democracy. The speech needs to be as transparent and truthful as possible. So we've got a huge push on Twitter to be as truthful as possible. We've got this community note speech here, which is great. It is great. It is awesome. It's like, I saw it this morning. It was far more honest than the New York Times. It's great. We put a lot of F2 ensuring that community notes does not get gamed or have biases. It simply cares about what is the most accurate thing. Sometimes truth can be a little bit elusive, but you can still aspire to get closer to it. Yes. You know. I think the effect of community notes is more powerful than people may realize, because once people know that they could get noted, community noted on Twitter, then they'll think more carefully about what they say. They're likely, it's an encouragement to be more truthful and less deceptive. When you jumped into this though, when you bought it, did you understand, clearly you understood its importance, you wouldn't bought it? I told you yes. Right. And it's not the biggest, but it's the most important in the social media companies. But did you understand the kind of ferocity you'd be facing, the attacks you'd be facing from power centers in the country? I thought there'd probably be some negative reactions. So I sure everyone would not be pleased with it. But at the end of the day, if the public is happy with it, that's what matters. And the public will speak with their actions. If they find truth Twitter to be useful, they will use it more. And if they find it to be not useful, they will use it less. They find it to be the best source of truth. I think they will use it more. Now, there's obviously a lot of organizations that are used to having unfettered influence on Twitter that no longer have that. We used to have their times of their badges warning and then you called them diarrhea. You called them? You did. I'm just quoting it. You described their Twitter feed as diarrhea. I said it was a Twitter equivalent of diarrhea. Okay, it's not literally diarrhea. No, it's a metaphor. But an accurate one. So I mean, if you look at the at NY Times Twitter feed is unreadable. It's like because what they do is they tweet every single article, even the ones that are boring, even ones that don't make it into the paper. So it's just non-stop. Is it Zillion tweets a day with no, they really should just be saying like, what are the top tweets? Yeah. One of the big stories of the day, I don't know, put out like 10 or something. It's a number that's manageable. As opposed to right now, if you would have followed at NY Times on Twitter, you're going to get barraged with like hundreds of tweets a day. And your whole feed will be filled with NY Times. This is something I would recommend actually for all publications, which is for your primary feed, only put out your best stuff. I think I know a thing about how to use Twitter because it was the most interacted with account on the whole system before the acquisition, before the acquisition closed. I didn't have the most number of followers, so I had the most number of interactions. And so I clearly know something about how to use Twitter. You know, people's attention is limited, so just make sure you put the stuff that's most important there. So because you and people like you do interact on Twitter, it's obviously enormously powerful in shaping public opinions where a lot of ideas and trends are incubated. You know what that's what you're talking about. It's also a magnet for intelligences from around the world. And one of the things we learned after you started opening the books is that they were exerting influence from within Twitter. I mean, it was absurd. Did you know that going in? No. Since I've been a heavy Twitter user since 2009, it's sort of like I'm in the matrix. I mean, I can see things do things feel right. They do not feel right. What tweets am I being shown as recommended? I get a feel, what accounts are making comments? Where are the comments eerily similar? Yeah. And then you look at the account and it's just obviously a fake photo and it's just obviously a bot cluster over and over again. So I started to get like just more and more uneasy about the Twitter situation. I started to feel like something's right on the state of Denmark here. Some it feels wrong about the platform. It seemed to be just drifting in a... I couldn't place it exactly just ahead of... It felt like it was drifting in a bad direction. So then I was like... And my conversations with the board and management seemed to confirm my intuition about that. Basically I was convinced these guys do not care about fixing Twitter. And I had a bad feeling about where I was headed based in the conversation. It's the conversations I had with them. So then I was like... You know what? I'll try acquiring it and see if that's... See if acquiring it is possible. Now I didn't have enough cash to acquire it, so I would need support from others. From some of the existing investors. It also need like a lot of debt. So it was included in me with an acquisition which I would succeed. I thought I would try it. Ultimately it did succeed. Here we are. But when you got there and all of a sudden you own it and all the data on the service belongs to you. What belongs to the people in my view? But you can see what it is. And you can see what they've been doing and you can see who's been working there. You were shocked to find out that various intelligences were affecting its operations. The degree to which various government agencies had effectively had full access to everything that was going on in Twitter blew online. I was not aware of that. Would that include people's DMs? Yes. Yes, because the DMs are not encrypted. So one of the things that we're about to release is the ability to encrypt your DMs. That's pretty heavy duty though, because a lot of well-known people, reporters talk in other sources, government officials, the rich people in the world, they're DMing each other. And the assumption obviously was incorrect but was that that's private. But that was being read by various governments. Yeah, that seems to be it. Scary. Yes, it is. So, like I said, we're moving to have the DMs be optionally encrypted. I mean, there's like a lot of DM conversations which are just chatting with friends. It's not not important. It's hopefully coming out later this month, but no later the next month is the ability to toggle encryption on or off. So if you are in a conversation, you think a sense that if you can just toggle encryption on, and then no one at Twitter can see what you're talking about, they could put a gun to my head and I couldn't tell it. That's sort of the gun to the head test. If somebody puts a gun to my head and I still not see your DMs, that's the ass of tests. Yes. And that's how it should be if you want to. Have you had complaints from various governments about doing this? I haven't had direct complaints to me. I've had some indirect complaints. I think people are a little concerned about complaining to me directly in case I treat about it. You know? They're like, oh. So there's sort of a more roundabout than that. You know, I mean, if I got something that was unconstitutional from the US government, my reply would be to send them a copy of the First Amendment and just say, like, would work part of this or we're getting wrong. You have a lot of good work. You have a lot of good contracts. What part of this are we getting wrong? Please tell me. I mean, it's a pretty, not just thing, but you're kind of exposed in your other businesses. So this is just in case our viewers aren't following this. This is not, you're not just like a journalist taking a stand on behalf of the First Amendment. You're a guy with big government contracts giving the finger to the government. Do you think Twitter will be as central to this presidential campaign as it wasn't the last several? I think it will play a significant role in elections, not just domestically but internationally. The goal of new Twitter is to be as fair and even had it as possible. So not favoring any political ideology, but just being fair at all. Why doesn't Facebook do this? I know that Zuckerberg has said, and I take him at face value, that he... I do actually in this way, that he is a kind of old-fashioned liberal who doesn't like to censor he has, but he... Why wouldn't a company like that take the stand that you have taken? Which is pretty rooted in American traditional political custom for free speech. My understanding is that Zuckerberg spent $400 million in the last election, normally in a Get Out The Boat campaign, but really fundamentally in support of Democrats. Is that accurate or not accurate? That is accurate. Does that sound unbiased to you? No, it doesn't. Yes. So you don't see hope that Facebook will approach this as a non-aligned arbiter. You've allowed Donald Trump back on Twitter, he hasn't taken you up on your offer because he's got his own thing. Right. Do you think he will go back on Twitter? Well, that's obviously up to him. My job is to... I take the freedom of speech very seriously. I didn't vote for Donald Trump, I actually voted for Biden. I'm not saying I'm a huge fan of Biden because I think that would probably be inaccurate. But we have difficult choices to make in these presidential elections. I would prefer, frankly, that we put someone, just a normal person, as president. A normal person with common sense and whose values are smack in the middle of the country, just, you know, serve the normal distribution. And I think they'll be great. I think we have maybe being president, not that much fun, you know, to be totally frank. From Tucker Carlson tonight.