 The only advantage human beings have or have ever had is they're the smartest beings on the planet, but soon that will not be true, in fact like next week. So when AI becomes stronger than we are, what do you do exactly and what does it mean for democracy? We asked Elon Musk about contingency plans for dealing with advanced general intelligence. Here's part of that conversation. Do you've heard people say we should just blow up the server farms because there's no way, once it gets rolling there's no way to slow it down. What do you think of that? The really heavy duty intelligence is not going to be distributed all over the place. It'll be an unlimited number of server centers. If you say like very sort of deep AI, heavy duty AI, it's not going to be in your laptop or phone, it's going to be in a situation where there's like 100,000 really powerful computers working together in the service center. It's not like subtle and there are limited number of places where that can happen. In fact you can just look at the heat signature from space and it'll be very obvious. I'm just suggesting we go and blow up to service centers right now, but there may be some, maybe why is to have some sort of contingency plan with the government's got an ability to shut down power to these server centers like you're going to blow it up, you can just cut the power. And what would trip, or cut connectivity as well, that's another way. Right. But what would trip that switch do you think in your mind? What would be the threshold that you'd have to pass to warrant the government cutting off your power or cutting off your signal? Well, I mean, I guess if we lost control of some super AI, like for some reason, like the things that would normally work to do a passive shutdown, like the administrator passwords, if they somehow stop working, where we can't slow down or, you know, to have a precise answer. I don't have a precise answer, but if there's something that we're concerned about, and I'm able to stop it with software commands, then we probably want to have some kind of hardware off switch. Yes. I think you know, can't hurt. Have you talked to, since you know Larry Hable? I have one. Obviously you know the open AI guys because you started it. Definitely I won. Have you talked to the people who run these two, the biggest AI companies about this recently? I haven't talked to Larry Page in a few years because he got perhaps up with me about open AI. So when open AI was created, it did shift things into it from unipolar world where Google DeepMind controlled, you know, like it's a three-quarters of all AI talent too, where there's now sort of a bipolar world or opening AI and Google DeepMind, and they're, and now weirdly it seems, opening AI is maybe ahead. So I have had conversations with the open AI team at Tim Altman. I haven't talked to Larry Page because he doesn't want to talk to me anymore for a few years. Can I ask you just about, since you've been around a lot of this, the thinking? So why would anyone not be a species to be human centered in his thinking about technology? What's the thinking there? I think what he's trying to say is that if I were to guess that all consciousness should be treated equally, and whether that is digital or biological. And you disagree? I disagree. Yeah. Especially if the digital consciousness or whatever you're going to call it, digital intelligence decides to curtail the biological intelligence. Right. So you're just building your own slave master, and why would you do that? It doesn't sound great. Yeah. I mean, we shouldn't at least know we need to rush. You know, like, what's the hurry? Where's the fire? Well, tell us about the hurry. So this, I know you've been talking about this for years, and on the sort of the periphery of our attention, we've heard Elon Musk talking about AI. But for most people, it's been like three months since they've had any interaction with this at all. So what's the timeline here? What point does it start to really change our society, do you think? I think it's supposed to have probably an impact this year. GPD 4, now it's like writing poetry. And pretty decent poetry, actually. Pretty decent, yeah. It's a skillet rhyming is incredible. Yes. Yes. And it's coherent. Yes. It is. It's even got narrative. Yes. Yeah. So you could say like, what's humans can't do that? That's true. So it's already past the point of what most humans can do. Most humans cannot write as well as chat GPT. And no human can write that well, that fast, as the best of my knowledge. So maybe Shakespeare. How can you have a democracy with technology like that? If democracy is, you know, government by the people, each person's vote is equal to every other person's vote. I mean, people are choosing their votes freely. Can you have a democracy with this? Well, that's why I raised the concern of AI being a significant influence in elections. And even if you say that AI doesn't have agency, well, it's very likely that people will use the AI as a tool in elections. And then, you know, if the AI is smart enough, are they using the tool or is the tool using them? So I think things are getting weird. And they're getting weird fast. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.