 If you're an 18-year-old American and you're thinking about going to college, you're going to become a doctor or a vet or architect, probably not a bad idea. But if you don't know what you want to study, you might not want to go to college in the first place, but how do you think about what you should do? Well, a man called Ken Rusk, who's a business owner and advocate for blue-collar jobs, made a lot of money in blue-collar jobs, has thought a lot about how to make those decisions. We sat down with him for a new episode of Chuck McCurlsson today, and he told us, here's how young people should think about their lives. Interesting. Nobody ever looks at somebody and says, I'm totally interested in what your future looks like to you. Okay? I want to see you break your future down into a million little pieces, and then get those pieces one little step at a time, and here's how we're going to do it. So I want you to draw what your favorite house might look like. Then I want you to draw your favorite motor transportation, car, bike, truck, whatever. Then I want you to draw your favorite give back moment, your charity moment. If you had an extra 100 bucks, what would you do with it? Time, talent, and treasure. What would you give away, right? Now I want you to draw your favorite pet, dog cat, what color, what would you name it? Let's talk about your favorite vacation. Now I want you to draw your health moment and your spiritual moment. Let's draw this out on a poster board and keep it in front of you because Tucker only 1% of the population is willing to go that far. So why shouldn't I be the employer who says, I'm going to force the issue and turn you into a 1% person, right? Because so many people, you know, 8 out of 10 people can't name a goal that they have for themselves. The other 2 out of 10, or let's say 20 out of 100, 16 of those never write their goals down. Four of them do. Only one of them write some down and puts those up on the wall so they can see them every day. Well that's what I do. I said if you're going to work here, if you're going to spend your time here, if you're going to earn money here because it's hard, then you should reward yourself and benefit from this. So let's put something out there that you can see the progress of you gaining the picture that is called your life. It's like a puzzle and you just start filling it in. And I got to tell you after they get their first goal, I don't care if it's paying off a low balance visa card. Get out of the way because they go crazy and they become goal-oriented machines after that. And it's only because they see themselves gaining on their own life regardless of what you're doing. That man is Ken Rusk. He took what is now considered an unconventional path. It might be coming back into fashion. That conversation is on Fox Nation right now. Hey Sean Hannity here. Hey, click here to subscribe to Fox News YouTube page and catch our hottest interviews and most compelling analysis. You will not get it anywhere else.