 So we talk a lot about climate, but how is the actual environment doing? The soil and the air and the water. Well, whales and dolphins are washing of dead in the Northeast apparently because of wind farm construction. And now there is unfolding what maybe the biggest environmental disaster of all. It's called red tide. It's covering 100 square miles tonight in the Gulf of Mexico. So red tide occurs when colonies of algae grow out of control. Toxins in red tide kill fish in huge numbers. Red tide also makes it hard for people to breathe. But it's also true that red tide may cause ALS, Lou Garrix. So this is a huge problem that is widely ignored for some reason. While Alan Cox is an ethnobotan, that's T is the documentarian who did toxic puzzle and we're happy to have him join us tonight. Thank you so much for coming on. So you did this amazing documentary, terrifying documentary on red tide. And yet I think most people aren't aware of what a thread it is. Tell us if you would what red tide does to people potentially. Yeah, thank you, Mr. Carlson. There's been red tides along the west coast of Florida for, oh gosh, a century and a half. They're not unusual. And they produce various neurotoxins that people detect by getting stinging in the eyes and sometimes respiratory distress. Sometimes they poison shellfish. We've looked at other types of harmful algal blooms called cyanobacteria and found they have a toxin that not only causes a cancer but also can cause ALS. And that's something that we're monitoring very closely with the outflow some lecocachobian Florida. I mean, I don't think I think there's a consensus that ALS has got to be the scariest or certainly one of the scariest diseases that people get. So anything that might cause it, it seemed would set off like alarm bells and people would be completely freaked out about it. I don't get the sense that the response to this is very urgent. Well, fortunately ALS is a very rare disease, but we found that a toxin called BMAA increases your risk of getting ALS. Our colleagues, Dr. Elijah Stomel at Dartmouth University and neurology department, our colleagues in Florida have found that if you're near these cyanobacterial blooms, that your risk goes up. So this is completely avoidable. People should just stay away from these cyanobacterial ties if they have asthma or serious neurological conditions. Just stay indoors and stay away till it's clear. And I think there's a real strong consensus of scientists that this is a problem we can actually solve just by cleaning up the water a little bit. I think it'll really go a long ways. Cleaning up the water. It's just nice for somebody to say that out loud because you really do at this point for some reason. We appreciate you're coming on Dr. Paul Allen Cox. Thank you. Thank you very much.