 It's International Women's Day, hooray! Unfortunately, no longer means anything. The final victory of feminism is erasing women as an entire category. They don't even exist anymore, literally. It's got a funny. Women getting lectured by men about the pains of menstruation. That's the final victory of feminism. Well, a Minnesota judge called Patrick Diamond has just ruled that USA powerlifting must allow men to compete against women. And as you'd expect powerlifting groups, you know, warning this will effectively end competitive powerlifting for women. We thought we would speak to a competitive female powerlifter. April Hutchinson represents team Canada. She joins us tonight. April, thank you. I'm sorry to laugh. This is actually a very sad story, and I just wonder how you feel about it. Well, thank you for having me, Tucker. How are we feeling? The women of powerlifting were outraged, were angry, were hurt, were offended. Were basically every emotion except for happy? I just don't, I know you're not supposed to criticize trans anybody, but here's a guy who's whorning into your sport and wrecking it. Like, I don't know why he has to be a hero. That's appalling. Who would do something like that? What's this guy's problem? Do you think? You know what? I don't even know if it's so much the person, right? It's the policy. So at the end of the day, the policy is allowing him to compete. Would I feel good about myself if I was a male, taking female records and put in spots? No, but. Well, that's it. And you're right, obviously, as a troubled person, and I don't want to be mean, but I mean, it's just so awful to do that to you. You're brave enough to come on the show. I'm certain you'll be punished for it. So you must really mean it if you're willing to. Do you know any other female powerlifters who support this? Well, that's the thing. If I, if I didn't do anything about it, I mean, there was times where I couldn't sleep at night. I mean, I've been battling this for about two years now. Finally, women are coming out. I get daily emails and messages from women saying, thank you so much for standing up for women in sports. A lot of women are silenced and feel silenced and that they have no voice, or they're afraid to speak up. Fear of maybe getting kicked out of the federation to be called names, right? For backlash. But no, we're growing stronger and louder. And the amount of support is overwhelming, actually. I have to assess since you are a woman, having a man lecture you about what it's like to be a female powerlifter. Is that empowering for you? No. I honestly know it's crazy. And I say this every day. I talked to my boyfriend about this. And I said, I can't believe we're actually having this debate in this conversation in 2023. The trans-movinger is the ultimate man-splaining ever invented. It's just unbelievable. Abraham Hutchinson, thank you for coming on. Great to see you. Thank you so much. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.