 So I think it's become pretty obvious to anyone who's paying close attention and being honest with himself that what you're seeing is not really a contest between Republicans and Democrats, the left and right. It's a contest between the people in charge and everybody else. It's not actually partisan in a traditional sense. There's really one party on the big issue, the big issue is being economics and foreign policy. There's total agreement in Washington. And so once you understand that, then you can go backward into recent history and reassess a lot of the things that you saw through a very different lens. And one of those things is the imprisonment of the Democratic governor of Illinois, Rod Blagojevich. And in retrospect, it's very obvious that he was sent to prison for political reasons. Encarshwayed for eight years on bogus corruption charges. In his case is a lot more interesting than most people understand. He's learned a lot. He just responds to the indictment of Donald Trump. This is the Democratic former governor of Illinois. And he wrote this, quote, President Trump fired me, freed me, and now he's getting F-like me. Weaponized prosecutors are destroying our country. It's time for Republicans and Democrats to stand up and defend our constitution against third world politics. Probably a view that speaks for probably the majority in this country. Rod Blagojevich, the former governor, joins us now. Governor, thank you so much for coming on. So tell us, Yuri, I think that tweet kind of summarizes it pretty well. But expand on that a little bit, given your own experience with a similar prosecution. Well, I have them as fortunate to be interested as a sitting governor at six o'clock in the morning. And when my little girls, five and 12 years old, were asleep, hadn't gotten up yet for school. And then it was a major event. I was allegedly trying to sell President elect Obama's Senate seat. It was a political deal. Obama started the whole thing, said an ambassador to me to talk about a political deal. The public court eventually reversed the sale of the Senate seat. It was a big lie. But Winston Churchill said a lie can travel halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to put its pants on. And so I see what they're doing to President Trump. It's more than deja vu all over again to me. I don't like what they did to me. I would never give in. I fought back and as a result, for political things, nobody even alleges that took up any. They gave me a 14-year sentence and put me in a higher security prison where no governor has been, where my home was a six-foot by eight-foot prison cell. And I was in there with people who committed murder because they were trying to squeeze me. And they gave me this long sentence, I truly believe, to bury me and with it the truth. Because it was a corrupt prosecution. They tried me twice, using an unlawful standard to get convictions out of second trial when they couldn't convict me on their fake charges the first trial. And they did it to a Democrat governor at the AAA level. What they're doing now to President Trump at the major league level is not only frightening but this is probably, I would say, the most threatening thing to our republics since South Carolina fired shots at Fort Sumner at the start of the Civil War. This is a very serious thing. And I would say to my fellow Democrats, I was a Democratic governor, the first one to endorse President Obama. I supported Nancy Pelosi when I was a member of Congress. I would say to my fellow Democrats, put your country above your hatred for Trump and be against this weaponization of prosecutions by political people who have uncontrolled power and are going to destroy our freedoms. One thing I noticed, and thank you for saying that, and I hope you're not the last Democrat who stands on principle and defense or system. But one of the things I noticed in your prosecution was that nobody defended you. And once you're accused of a crime, very few people stand up or even bother to assess the actual evidence. I was one of them. I had no idea what had happened to you. It took me years to figure it out. I'm embarrassed by that. But I wonder if being accused alone isn't a kind of sentence for the person accused. It's awfully hard when the accused were like that, and they did with me. I was Roger Stone before Roger Stone. They arrested me with SWAT teams around my house. I was a sitting governor. And they did it with a massive press conference, and they said they were quote unquote, stopping a crime spree before it happened. Now they played 1% of FBI tapes that they recorded. And to this day, they're still covering up the other 99% of the tapes. And in my life experience, and I know for a fact what's on those tapes, that the side that covers up the truth is the side that's lying. And the reason they won't play those tapes is because they're covering up what they did to me. It was a frame up. It was no different from a dirty copper plants and murder weapon in the glove compartment to frame an innocent man. And they did it to a governor, and they felt emboldened. It was a test case for them, and now they're doing it to an American president. And I love my country. It was some bad people in government that did it to me. And I cry from my country when I see what's happening now that they would do something like this to an American president irrespective of what party he or she is from. That's right. That's right. The side that is covering up evidence is the side that's lying. You really need to just put that on the refrigerator because that is always true. Former governor Rod Blagojevich. Joining us tonight. Thank you. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.