 Winston Marshall played lead guitar and banjo for the band Mumford N.S.S. which became internationally famous and successful and for good reason. They're great. Then he made the mistake of mildly praising a book about antifa writers that he read written by Andy Nell. And his life just changed in an instant. He became a political figure he didn't want to be. And ultimately he was attacked so harshly he had to leave the band. So we thought it'd be interesting to spend an hour with him and we just did for a brand new episode of Tucker Carlson today. He's a pretty amazing person actually we discovered. Here's part of our conversation. The music industry and the creative industries more broadly was you know there was that it was the black squares on social media and if you remember there were a lot of actors and actresses. Fronting money to bail out the various writers and there was a big social media campaign that raised money here and they were bailing out that those who arrested in the 2020 riots. And so that's actually the atmosphere and I guess that's perhaps why what happened to me had to be because it was so contrary to the prevailing politics I guess of the creative industries. So I had very few followers by the way I think about 3000 followers on Twitter. Somehow this book and it does it honestly feels like an act of God which I know that sounds a bit crazy but it doesn't say for the record it doesn't sound crazy at all. My life sort of started to crumble initially I was like so what it will pass but that's when you get the sort of phone calls from loved ones and friends and people you work with just panicking. And so this dog pile actually became a almost real life dog pile of just everyone in my life around me and what was there a complaint? Well I guess I'd well the people I were working with they were getting attacked by these antifa maybe not quite as much as me but they were you know under they were getting harassed by these people as well and they're very effective online like for example there was a whole night where they were changing my Wikipedia page from Winston Marshall Platt at the Marshall is a banjo player to Winston Marshall is a fascist and it was just I had another friend trying to change it back and they just all night like at it and they just swarm you like hornets and everything they do to try and destroy you. If you wind up a society that cannot tolerate a man like Winston Marshall who is rational reasonable decent that's a problem that's on you not on Winston Marshall that whole conversation's on Fox Nation right now well worth it. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.