 Glenn Greenwald has seen stories like this very, very up close in personal. He's the host of system update on Rumble. He broke, of course, the most famous leaking story in American history, the story of Ed Snowden. He joins us tonight. Glenn, thanks so much for coming on. I should say, and I'll just be quiet and let you speak since you know there's better than anyone. But we left out a lot of details that are being reported in the Washington Post, the New York Times, et cetera, tonight about the leaker and where this all came from. Because honestly, I don't believe anything. And it's very hard to know what's true. We're all being spun. We're all being lied to. And we just didn't want to repeat the lies. So with that, what do you make of this? I can't think of an incident Tucker that reveals more vividly the real function of our nation's largest media corporations than what just happened here. If you're a real journalist, somebody who's devoted to transparency, bringing shining a light on the most powerful government actors when they allied with American people and informing the public. You would be celebrating this person who stepped forward and risked his security to show his fellow citizens that the government was lying about this incredibly important war with a nuclear-armed power that we have actual troops deployed on the ground in Ukraine. There's going to be no diplomatic resolution throughout least 2023 that Zelensky is planning on using our weapons to strike deep into Russia, which we were told would ever happen, risking escalation. He did the job of what journalists claim to do, which is show the public the truth. If you work for the intelligence agencies, you would be furious at this person. You would hate him because he revealed that you just lied. He exposed the truth about what you were doing. What's amazing is the New York Times, the Washington Post, all the people who were at that Pentagon briefing today, think the way the CIA and the Pentagon thing. They hate this person. It was the New York Times and the Washington Post that did the FBI's work and found the leaker and led the FBI to him. They're demanding that he be punished. They're demanding that the government clamp down and keep things more and more secret. What kind of journalists would ever do that would want to see a leaker exposed and punish and then demand that the government keep even more secret. But that is what these media corporations are there to do. They love leaks when the CIA and Homeland Security tell them to leak. That's when they disseminate propaganda in the public. Like they did during the Trump years when they leaked the transcript between Michael Flynn and Ambassador Kisley Act, the most serious kind of leaking crime. The Washington Post did that. Nobody looked for that leaker. Nobody cared. Everybody cheered because it served the interests of the security state. But when it comes to transparency that undermines the agenda of these agencies and that proves to the American people what the truth is. It's amazing that these journalists are on the side of the government and will actually hunt down the leaker and demand that he be punished even more. I just don't understand how any journalist could collaborate in hiding the fact that we're in a direct hot war with Russia. Maybe you support that, maybe you don't. But how could you hide something that's significant, the most significant fact of our generation from the public? How could you do that? The only answer is that you don't actually have a journalistic mindset that you far more identify with your job as working for the government than working for the American people. If you look at the history of the most important journalism stories, it's exactly insiders. Like Danielsburg sees that the government is lying to the American people about the Warren Vietnam saying we're winning when in reality privately they're saying we're losing and he goes and he shows the American people the truth. Or Edward Snowden who or her James Clapper falsely deny the NSA was spying on American people. He had the evidence in his hand and he risked his security to show the truth. Same things WikiLeaks did. This is what you celebrate in journalism. Are journalists, meaning the media corporations, hate this because they actually work for their government? That is their true allegiance. You have to defend truth tellers. You cannot abet lying if you have an entire country based on lies. It just does not end well. You have to tell the truth. I think you're certainly a living example that Glenn Greenwald. Thank you very much. Thanks, Doctor. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.