 Glenn Greenwald is the host of system update he joins us tonight. Glenn, thanks so much for coming on. I'm actually in some ways glad that they went after a group of people. I probably don't agree with that a lot of things because it just makes it so much clearer. This is not partisan. This guy is saying something the regime doesn't like and they're trying to put him in jail. How is this happening in America? I think one of the critical things to remember is even before January 6th, Biden administration said their priority is to launch a domestic warrant error. To take all the tactics we used against Al Qaeda and ISIS and foreign terrorist groups and indirect it inward because they perceive that anti-establishment dissidents in America, like the person you just showed, are the real enemy. And that's what this is about. There's a foreign agents law that is supposed to be, if you say things you don't really believe because some foreign government is paying millions of dollars to say them, you have to register. That's not the case with these people. These are people who have been radical black leftists for decades. They're not the people the Democratic Party likes. They ate the Biden administration, they're against the war in Ukraine. They claim that they found $500 here, $2,000 there that have origins in the Russian government for events they did. This is what we credit as high Russia for. We fund opposition groups in Russia and then Russia says those are foreign agents and we object and we say a foreign agent is only somebody saying things the government, a foreign government tells them to say. And now we're using that same theory we say Russia makes Russia tyrannical to criminalize dissent in the United States. That's what this case is about. So what's interesting about this is these are not MAGA people. These are the victims of systemic races and they're always lecturing us about, right? And their first amendment rights have just been stripped and they're looking at jail terms for having opinions Biden doesn't like. Where are the liberals? Where's Morning Joe? Where are all this sensitive white liberals to defend these people? They're not. Well, this is why I'm so glad you're covering this case, Tucker, because this is the tactic that tyrants always use. When they want to implement an authoritarian precedent, they choose people that makes others uncomfortable. When they wanted to start banning people, they don't need any that they chose Milo, the monopolist, and Alex Jones, because they knew that even Republicans would say, I don't want to defend those people. They're a bridge too far. And then the precedent gets set and they expand it inward. Again, these are not people, the kind of black radicals, Democratic party establishment representatives like. They're people who attack the Biden administration who don't vote Democrat. These are real dissidents and they know that not even Democrats will defend them. No, they're not taking money from Apple and Facebook. They weren't in on the BLM scam. They actually mean it. Now you're making me like them. Glenn Greenwell, I appreciate your coming on tonight and getting as you always do to the core issues underneath it all. Thank you. Great to be with you, Tucker. Thanks.