 How bad is this? I mean, it does take some experience with the chemistry to really know that. Silca Giano is an expert in this. He's a hazardous waste authority. He says the town of East Palestine has effectively been nuked. He joins us tonight to explain what that means. So I appreciate you're coming on. How do you having spent your life assessing things like chemical spills? How do you assess the condition of East Palestine tonight? It's very troublesome. These poor individuals, through no fall to their own, became victims of systemic failures within the real transportation system. And it manifested itself in this mushroom cloud that they had to experience in their town. One of the reasons why I made the comment about we nuked a town with chemicals is because there was somebody from Darlington, Pennsylvania, who was videoing the cloud that had went over his property. And you could see fallout coming out of the cloud going onto his property. And I'm looking at it and I'm saying, it reminds you of one of those apocalyptic shows where the nuclear fallout's coming out. And I thought about it and I said, well, yeah, we basically did nukal hold town just to get a railroad going back in service. And earlier on, I got involved in this because news media were not being told the truth. Days into this no, you know, contrained conscious was available. They didn't know what they had. And that flies in the face of logic. If you're going to mitigate a problem, if you're going to have your fire department and other, responding teams to take care of it, you should know what the heck you've got. And it got to the point where they were showing me pictures of train cars, the local media. And I was identifying what was in based on UNID numbers or train car numbers. And when they told me their plan, you know, at that point, you had a few cars burning. They had unmonitoring hand lines there keeping the tankers cool. And then I find out that they're pulling the unmonitoring hand lines keeping the tankers cool. So that's just going to cause the tanker cars to heat up, which they did. And then they announced that one was very near catastrophic failure. And I said, well, if they don't put water back on it, it's going to continue to heat up. And it's going to what's called a blavi. And it's going to damage other containers. And then I was told, no, they're going to detonate all these cars so that it doesn't happen. I could tell you, Mr. Carlson, I've been looking at rail incidents over and over because in Youngstown, Ohio, there's three rail lines that run through our town. So as a chief and as a instructor, I trained my guys to anticipate stuff. And I would go case study after case study after case study, coming up with different scenarios just to keep it going. And I've never once, in 39 years, ever heard of them blowing up train cars, dumping all the chemicals into a trench and lighting them on fire. I was dumbfounded. And when you lit this stuff on fire, you were creating fage chains, you were creating hydrogen chlorides. You created this plume. And up in this plume was all the incomplete combustion products of everything that was there. If you looked at the guy's video, stuff is precipitating down into people's property. There's a lot of questions. The answers came slow. And first you get, well, now we've found vinyl chlorides in the water. Well, yeah, no joke. You're going to find that. And it seemed like everything was drips and dribbles. Instead of one of the things I learned is you tell the truth. You tell it all. You tell it first. And you tell them how you're going to solve the problem. And none of that was forthcoming. And I began to worry about what the end result with this was going to be. They had evacuated one mile. And I was telling the media, they'd better do like one and a half two miles. Well, subsequently after that, they went to two miles. And then within a few minutes, there were bringing, or a few days there, bringing everybody back. And that was pretty much just in time to open up the rails. And there was no testing. There's got to be some plan going forward in this cleanup and recovery to test. Yeah. I mean, if you find a spestus in your building, you contain and remove it. You don't blow it into the next county. It just seems self-evidently insane. So I appreciate you coming on tonight. That was really, really interesting and sad. Thank you. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.