 So we wondered what John Paul MacGyzek thinks of this. He's the author of American Injustice. He joins us now with his lawyer, Brian Delaroka. Thanks to both very much for coming on. John Paul MacGyzek, just to you first, in the obvious question. So here, you really are the little guy, in this case, you're literally a small business owner, and you're being threatened by the family that runs the country. Are you intimidated by this? You must be a little bit. I'm a little bit, but you got to remember Tucker, I've been dealing with intimidation from all fronts for the last couple of years. So I've kind of gotten used to it. This isn't as bad as being accused of being a traitor and working with Russia to affect an election, but it's pretty close. So I would assume, as a small business owner, when someone drops a device off for you to repair, you want them to pick it up so you can get paid. I assume you didn't want to take possession of these devices, correct? Oh, absolutely. I mean, I'm in the business to recover data or repair and fix these products, and I want to get paid for these jobs, and I didn't. Yeah, but that's your fault now? Apparently it is. I want to ask you a question, as an attorney. And so, Hunter Biden has hired among many others, a man called Abby Loll, who's a long-time Democratic lawyer, well-regarded among lawyers, extremely expensive, probably one of the most expensive attorneys in the United States. Do you have any idea how Hunter Biden, who doesn't have a job that we know of, who's all kinds of claims against him, baby mama among others? How is he affording Abby Loll? Well, that's the question that I have as well. You know, way beyond that, how many attorneys does he need? He's Abby Loll. He's got attorneys representing him in quite a few of his criminal matters. How many does he need? And the fact that Abby Loll actually went along with this letter, which really produced a lot of lies about John Paul, saying that John Paul access the information without Hunter's consent, when we have shown Hunter's consent, everyone knows Hunter consented. The fact that this attorney would participate in this is I just don't understand it. Well, I mean, clearly this is not about Hunter Biden. Obviously, I'm guessing here I have no knowledge that I'm not disclosing. But if a lifelong crackhead who's fighting, you know, a million different battles on a million different fronts and doesn't appear to have a job, I can afford Abby Loll and a stable of other attorneys. This is clearly an effort by the Democratic establishment, by donors, to crush you guys for political reasons. Is that an unfair assumption? Well, that's exactly, that was the first thing I thought of. I received no notification of these letters until someone from CBS contacted me yesterday. I was in the car and they asked for a comment and I had no idea what they were talking about. When I read the letters, I was appalled. I, this is really someone with so much money or acting like they have a lot of money, going after someone who is really the little guy and he's doing it on purpose. He's trying to intimidate and it's interesting to me that this happened when it did because as you may know, we fight a lawsuit against numerous parties, CNN, Politico, but one of the parties is Hunter Biden. It was very difficult to find where he was. He was in DC for a couple of weeks and he was moving around. Well, we finally tracked him down and we were able to serve him last week. And now all of a sudden, we see this, when there was always talk of, oh, Hunter's going on the offensive, he's going after Rudy, he's going after all the, never a mention of John Paul. And then all of a sudden, two of the letters of the primary, most of the paragraphs, most of the description in the letters are John Paul. Right, well, right, always pick the poorest guy to destroy. Uday and Kusay drive into you, Drunk and you're the one who gets punished for it. Godspeed to you both, I appreciate it. John Paul MacGy sick and Brian Dilleroka, thank you both. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.