 So here is an equally amazing but much happier story. So a few days ago in Iowa, an 83 year old man was driving with his dog to go ice fishing. He had a fishing shack out on the lake. Then the man's Jeep fell through the ice and into the lake. Several rescuers jumped into action because Iowa is an extremely nice state. And one of the rescuers was a 17 year old high school student called Joseph Sammon. He was ice fishing with his mom when he saw the Jeep go under. He was able to help save the man and his dog. And so we wanted to talk to him tonight and we are. Joseph Sammon joins us tonight. Joseph, thank you so much for coming on. A few things scarier than someone going under the ice. How did you help get this man and his dog out? So as soon as I see him, we're going to the water. I turn around and yelled at my mom and told her he went through. And I had now one ready to dial because as I see him going over there, I see him go through. As I was running, I called 911, called 911, ran over there. And for a second, we were standing on the shoreline. And another guy came down and we were waving at him, telling him to get out, get out of the Jeep. And he was kind of in shock. And he didn't really know what to do. We just kind of sit in there. And as we were waving, more people came down. And one of the guys said there's a child in the Jeep. And as soon as someone said there was a child, everything I needed off my first layer. And I jumped into the water, got to the Jeep, tried opening in the back door, which it was locked to, it would not open. And I broke the back window. You went into the, oh, this is a little more dramatic than I'm really, you went into the water and a frozen lake and smashed the back window. That's amazing. How did you get, was there a child in the Jeep? And how did you get the man and his dog out? So after I broke the back window, I used a knife to break the back window. And he was, when I broke the, as I was breaking the back window, he was getting out of his seat and he saw it and he crawled through the back. And he got to his foot was stuck between the center council and the seat. So I went all the way into the Jeep and to the front of it, pulled his leg out, pushed onto the bottom of it to like push him up. And I like crawled back out, they're like, have more room for them to come. And as he was coming between the seat and the roof of the Jeep, he was, it's very, it's not a very big gap and he couldn't get through that. So I went back in the Jeep, I pushed him back towards the front and pushed him up so on the Jeep back seat, there's like a lever on top of it, a fold the seat down. So I pushed him back, I flipped the seat down and grabbed him by under his shoulders and started pulling him out. How old are you? 17. That's just an absolutely crazy story. I don't think one in a hundred a thousand people get into a car going under a frozen lake. I mean, that is just, that is heroism and I appreciate you're coming on and telling us about it tonight. Joseph Sam and thank you. You're welcome. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.