 But first to the case of Daniel Perry in Texas, Perry's an army sergeant who was driving for Uber in Austin during the 2020 Black Lives Matter riots. A mob surrounded his car in the middle of the street. And we know this because parts of what happened next are captured on video. One rioter closed in and raised his AK-47 in Perry's direction. Perry responded to the threat to his life, shot and killed the man in self-defense. The local DA saw us backed, charged Perry with murder for that and last week Perry was convicted. Daniel Perry's family in shock, prying over the fact that he had just been convicted of murder for killing protester Garrett Foster in 2020. Perry himself? Unable to hide his emotion. Perry was arrested in the city of Austin, Texas, in the city of Austin. Hugging his attorney as he cried. The state wasting no time. Jury, I'm asking that the defendant be repounded into custody. Perry was turned over into the custody of the Travis County Sheriff's Office, handcuffed instantly. So you're not allowed to defend yourself against BLM rioters, even when they point a rifle at you. That's the lesson, but of course that lesson is incompatible with justice. And so to his credit, the governor of Texas Greg Abbott is announced that he will pardon Daniel Perry. It's a little more complicated in Texas. Perry is behind bars tonight, but the governor has instructed the pardon's board to work on an expedited review that's required by law in Texas in order for a pardon to occur, but he is pardoning this man. That is obviously the right thing to do. George Soros can't pay for people to put his political opponents in jail and then have a Republican governor ignore it. It's outrageous. But of course, Democrats think he should be convicted of murder because one of their voters got killed. Now everyone involved in this with the same color, white, but of course Greg Abbott is a racist for some reason for pardoning Perry. Watch this. What happened? Remember, it was in Texas, the black groups were keeping this slavery over two years after they had been freed. This is what we're dealing with in this country. This is why you ended up having a black lives matter protest in the first place. Similarly, the Republicans do not believe in being hard on crime when it comes to certain folk, right? Similarly, they only want to be hard on crime when they are poor, when they are black, when they are brown. If Daniel Perry gets pardoned for murder in Texas, it will really only be because he killed the right kind of person, the person that can, right when he's don't care about. That is a black lives matter protest. But the guy who was shot was white. Like, this is insane. And by the way, Congressman Clyburn does not get the credit that he deserves for being completely dishonest, ignitable, and also totally corrupt, was promoting his daughter for government jobs. So the Texas Pardons board is now reviewing Daniel Perry's pardon. They're not watching MSNBC, we hope. But we wanted to speak to one of the few people who knows tonight what Daniel Perry is going through, sitting behind bars for defending himself. Kyle Rittenhouse lived that experience. He joins us tonight. Kyle Rittenhouse, thank you so much for coming on. Thank you for having me, Tucker. So here you have a guy, I don't think there's really any debate. The protester who was killed raised a rifle at him is exactly what happened with you. How do you think Daniel Perry feels tonight sitting in jail? I can only imagine he's probably sitting there wondering what happened. He defended himself. He knows what he did was right. You have a man with an AK-47 and over 120 rounds of ammo on his person, dressed just for war as some people might say with the rifle strapped, the AK-47 raising it towards Daniel Perry who was in flip flops and beach shorts carrying a revolver. And nobody wants to talk about that. Nobody wants to mention that he was armed. I see a lot of reports just saying he fired indiscriminately into a crowd and he drove into a bunch of rioters. They don't want to talk about how he was swarmed. His car was swarmed with a bunch of rioters trying to attack him. As he was driving for Uber, I mean the least powerful person in our society, attacked by one of the worst people in our society who's out there riding as in your case. You were trying to defend to use Carlot and a convicted chomlaester tried to kill you and they took the convicted chomlaester side. Do you see parallels here? Absolutely. And you see the double standard in this case. People aren't talking about the fact of the person, the second person who attacked Daniel Perry. After Sergeant Daniel Perry defended himself against Garrett Foster, he was then shot at three times by a person who was never charged by the Travis County D.A. Somebody who recklessly fired a slew of shots at Daniel Perry's car and they don't want to talk about that. They don't want to talk about the recklessness of that and they don't want to charge him. It's a double standard and it's not okay. He fired three shots in the middle of a city, but that's totally fine. Okay. Carl Rittenhouse, thank you for adding to our knowledge of the story. Appreciate it. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.