 At the height of the BLM riots back in August of 2020, Kyle Rittenhouse went to Kenosha, Wisconsin, where his father lived. And that night, because he was asked to, we helped to protect local businesses from the mob of people looting, destroying, and burning. As he was doing that, a mentally ill child blaster called Joseph Rosenbaum tried to kill Rittenhouse. Rittenhouse defended himself and shot Rosenbaum, and then several of them became chasing Rittenhouse down the street. One of them was called Gage Grace Krutz. Rittenhouse went to the ground. Grace Krutz pointed a gun at him. In response, Rittenhouse shot him in the arm. That was obviously self-defense. It was on camera and Grace Krutz admitted that at trial. Watch. Does this look like right now your arm is being shot? That looks like my bicep being vaporized, yes. Okay. And it's being vaporized as you're pointing your gun directly at him. Yes? Yes. Okay. So when you were standing three to five feet from him with your arms up in the air, he never fired, right? Correct. It wasn't until you pointed your gun at him. It bounced on him with your gun, not your hands down pointed at him. That he fired, right? Correct. So yes, I pointed a loaded gun in his face because I wanted to kill him and he shot me in the arm, disabling me and prevented me from killing him. Well, yeah, that's the appropriate use of force in the cause of self-defense. But because self-defense is no longer loud in the United States, the man who tried to kill Kyle Rittenhouse is now suing Kyle Rittenhouse for preventing him from killing Kyle Rittenhouse. Kyle Rittenhouse joins us now. Kyle, thanks so much for coming on. It's almost unbelievable that a man who tried to kill you and was prevented from killing you by your act of self-defense is now suing you because he wasn't able to kill you. How does that work? Thank you for having me, Tucker. And honestly, I have no idea. It's ridiculous, it's lawsuit, it's very frustrating, and it's upsetting. This is honestly to me an attack on our second amendment rights and our rights to self-defense. And it's saying if you use your God giving rights to self-defense, they're going to come after you. If you win a court, you're acquitted, rightfully so, they're going to take you to civil court and they're going to file, they're going to take you for everything you're worth, they're going to drive you into bankruptcy and drown you in a mountain of legal bills. That's what's actually happy. We're watching this happen all over the country. Civil suits used to shut down free speech to end the second amendment to avoid the bill of rights and to destroy people who stand up against the mob like you. Who's funding this suit? Do you have any idea? I have no idea who's funding this lawsuit. All I know is that there's a powerhouse of attorneys behind gauge growth scruits. And I have Mark Richards and I know we're going to win the court, but it's going to be expensive. It's going to cost a lot of money to fight these attorneys are very powerful. You can go to www.giveshango.com for slash Kyle Renton House to help me take on these lawyers so they don't come after more people because if they can come after me, they will come after you. Well, of course, and they are coming after people all over the country. It's an undercover story, the use of the civil courts to void the bill of rights and destroy anyone who stands in the way of their total takeover of the country. How will do you, by the way, at this point? I'm 20 years old. I was 17 when gauge growth scruits pointed the pistol on my head. Yeah. A loaded pistol and tried to kill you and you did absolutely the right thing and you disabled it before you could murder you. And I assume at 20, you probably just kind of want to go live the rest of your one hopes long life, right? Absolutely, but they're trying to, they don't want me to, like, they want me to go away, but they want to drown me in these legal debt, these legal bills, and they want to sue me and pretty much not allow me to live in normal 20-year-old life. Yeah. Well, you did the right thing. You know, if someone points a loaded gun in your face and tries to kill you, you have not just a right but an obligation to respond and you did. So, Kyle Renton House, thank you so much for joining us tonight in God's Speed. Thank you, Terry. Thank you, Terry. And what's happening to you? YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.