 Joe Germnata is a longtime entrepreneur. He is a very famous daughter musician, Lady Gaga. Maybe a few weeks ago, he was in the news for describing the concurrent condition of New York as filthy. But we want to talk to him tonight about something different. So many Americans struggle with addiction. We talk about it a lot. We don't talk to enough of them who have overcome that addiction. Joe Germnata has been sober for three years. He is celebrating. We want to celebrate with him. He joins us now on set. Joe, thank you so much for coming on. No, thank you. I mean, this is a happy day. Well, it's a wonderful day. And I don't know what the percentage of Americans were addicted to something. A lot of prescription pills, a lot of alcohol, both of which are everywhere. How does it feel to have beaten it? Oh, it feels tremendous. I mean, you don't wake up in the next day. You remember what you did. Yes. You don't feel horrible for 24 hours. Yeah. Right? You're so much more productive. Yes. And you're family. How did you do it? I did it called Turkey. Yeah. I just decided, it had some open heart surgery. And right after I came back, out of the hospital, I decided, you know what? It's time because I couldn't drink anyway. And I just started doing different things with different types of mocktails. Yes. And it was satisfying. So, wasn't you founded not that hard after I assume many years of drinking? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I did. Well, you know what? I don't even like to taste the bidding. I was a Scotch drinker. Yeah, me too. Yeah. I drink a river of Scotch. I'm sure. Okay. There's a country music song about that. Whiskey River. So, you hear people... I mean, I saw a clip of the governor of California recently saying, from I think a year or two ago, sobriety is overrated. We push people to be sober. How was your experience? Your three years of sobriety? Like, is it overrated? No, it's not overrated. It's... I think there's a trend now. I mean, in the restaurant in my place, yeah. I'm serving motel. Really? Yeah. And there's some really good imitation gin and, like one of my favorite drinks is a Nagroney. Yes. And it's made with a fake gin. It's called New London Gin Light or it's Light Gin. And then Davina Rosa, which is kind of like it's kind of compari flavor. And you mix them together and you put them on the rocks and you put a slice of orange on it. And it's a cocktail. Yeah. Right? And you can sit at the bar and you feel normal. But you don't do anything embarrassing. Forget where you are. Lose your car keys or wake up in jail. Exactly. And you don't run outside to have a cigarette. Right. Do you think one of the reasons I was so wanted to talk to you is it's just nice to see people who've overcome this thing that can, you know, hold, absolutely destroy your life, fair. Yeah. And then they overcome it and they, like, are a lot happier. Wouldn't it be nice if we heard from more people like you? I'm now promoting it. All right. We're doing... The last Thursday of every month is mocktail night at Joanne. Really? Yeah. This week we're doing on Friday night. We're doing free tastings of curious elixirs. So you go and come in for dinner and we'll offer you. Would you like to try one of these beverages? Right? And, you know, the new companies, they're sponsoring like craze because I think the younger generation now is moving away from alcohol. Right? And I mean, they've always, you know, we're smoking weed. Right. Okay. But I think they're moving away from alcohol now. Oh, some of this stuff is really good. I mean, there's a new beer out. It tastes like beer. Right? I'm gonna try that. You used to be a drank of doles and it was like, you know, it didn't taste like anything. No, it didn't. All right. Yeah. I quit long ago enough that I went to club soda and never went back, but I'm gonna try a fake manhand. Okay. Joe, thank you. Oh, thank you. Congratulations on three. I want a creepy porn lawyer mug. You can have all the creepy porn lawyer mugs you want. Put your fake cocktails in them. Drink it with pride. All right.