 So one of the saddest and most painfulized they keep telling you is you're imagining it if you think children are being physically mutilated in the name of gender ideology. But it's actually real. We wish it weren't. We wish we're imagining it. Hospitals brag about these surgeries. And we know this really because of the founder of a Twitter handle called Libs of Tiktok, Hyorachic. She's reported on it extensively. Of course, this is infuriated people who are dedicated to lying like Sandy Cortez. You're all liars, she said. And she called Hyorachic that directly. So, Rachic decided to go pay Sandy Cortez a visit. Here's how it went. A few weeks ago, AOC lied about me on the house floor. Ms. Navaruli, are you familiar with the account Libs of Tiktok? That account posted false information about Boston Children's Hospital claiming that they were providing his directives to children. So, I am right outside the Canon building and I'm going to go inside and hopefully meet AOC and ask her why she lied about me and get some answers. I don't think I'm even here. Hi! Hi! Is the conference on the men's? No, she's not. Okay, is a person who's in charge of her tech policy? No. Okay. Yeah, so basically, she lied about me on the house floor a couple weeks ago. So, I just wanted to ask her why she lied about me. Okay, give me one second. Okay. Okay, so, I don't think we're going to get to talk to her. We don't, I don't know if she's in or not, but I think that door slam was really telling. So, I don't think they want us off to us. Dear AOC, please don't lie about American citizens. I love fire. What's so funny is that Sandy Cortez would not exist as a public figure where it not for social media. She literally filmed herself applying makeup and in her staff seemed shocked that maybe this is on video. Hi, I'm Chick. Is the founder of Libs of TikTok and the woman you just saw in that video, she joins us now. Hi, thank you so much for coming on. I mean, did you think that she would own up to the provable lies she told her about you? And she claimed that something didn't happen that you proved on video did happen. Did you think she would admit that? AOC claimed that I lied about Boston Children's Hospital. She claimed that I inspired a bomb threat and I absolutely had no expectations for her to own up to it. I went to her office and I was ready to sit down with her and get to the bottom of this and explain it. And she, I don't know if she was in the office or not, but I don't, she cowered away. I don't think she would ever face me or ever have a discussion about it. But I, as an American citizen, I don't appreciate being defamed in front of millions of people. So I wanted to confront her and she cowered. What's, I mean, thank you for adding to Taleshead that I should have added in the intro. She accused you of inspiring violence of effectively a criminal act. Yeah, and she is unfortunately protected by legislative privilege. So she is allowed to lie about me in a committee hearing and not just that, but she's using her position of power to call on big tech to censor people who she disagrees with. That's what she did in the hearing and that is really scary. It's really scary. And thank you for trying to face her directly, which is a nice thing to do in a social media age. Hi, Rachid. Libdith Tikkak. Appreciate it. Subscribe to The Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.