 So it looked pretty crazy in New York yesterday. And of course looking crazy was the whole point of this to terrify swing voters into never voting for Donald Trump. What was it like? Well, Congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene of Georgia was there for the arrangement. Before she arrived, the mayor of the city already failed just a year into office Eric Adams described her as a criminal and implied he would punish her if she misbehaved. Meanwhile, actual lunatics showed up and prevented her from speaking. Watch. So can I ask what those are for? So we hear that Marjorie Taylor Greene is coming to the city right here. So we brought some whistles to hand out some people to drown her out with some noise. That's a sitting member, an elected member of the Congress, everyone can see where this is going. Marjorie Taylor Greene joins us tonight to account what she saw in New York yesterday. Congressman, thanks so much for coming on. What was that like? Well, it was absolute chaos and that's what the mayor of New York City wanted to happen to me. You see, he threatened me and basically put on a dog whistle for violence against me. And then there was a funded text alert that went out naming me by name and telling people to do exactly what that man was doing. Hand out whistles and try to create a chaotic scene of violence and assault. And that's against the law, by the way, Tucker. You see, they didn't want me to be able to protest and use my first amendment rights. And they wanted violence. I think they wanted that to happen because they want to repeat January 6 all over again. They want all of us Trump supporters, MAGA, basically Republicans and just good Americans to look like criminals. And that's what they do in communist countries. And that's actually what we're seeing today. Well, the first thing to do, of course, is take away your freedom to speak. And if you can't say what you really think, then you're not a free person, you're a slave. And once you are, then there's really nothing they can't do to you. Do you think people understand the implications of not allowing someone to speak? I don't think they do. I don't think people realize what dangerous times we're living in. You see, the Democrat Party, they're the fascists. They want to cancel our voices. They want to censor us and they want to completely force us into complying. You see the reason why they're prosecuting or should we say persecuting Donald Trump is for the crime of actually winning the 2016 presidential election. That's what they're in hysterics over. And they've never gotten over it. But what they really want to do is once they remove their top political opponent, which is President Trump, they're going to come after all of us. This has happened repeatedly throughout history. And people need to wake up to the reality of the danger we're living in. Really quick, since you were just there. But Mayor Adams described New York as, quote, his home. How did his home look? Pretty neat and tidy? No, his home is disgusting. I compared it to what I called Gotham City. The streets are filthy. They're covered with people basically dying on drugs. They can't even stand up. They're falling over. They're so much crime in the city. I can't comprehend how people live there. It was repulsive. It smells bad. And I just, I think it's a terrible place. Yeah, with some nice people, I will say that. Congressman Marjorie Taylor Greene, just back from New York. Thank you so much. Thank you, Tucker. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.