 In the history of jobs, has anybody had a more misleading job title than Alejandro Mayorkas? He is the Homeland Security Secretary. He has done nothing to enhance, but instead a lot to destroy our Homeland Security. He's left the border open and he lied about it. Millions and millions and millions of foreign nationals who identities we can't confirm have shown up, helped by the drug cartels and come into our country to stay forever and live at public expense. That's all real. Indie Biggs knows it's really represents the state of Arizona and the Congress, and he's very frustrated by this. He joins us now. Congressman, thanks so much for coming on. So you've watched it. It's affected your state and your district badly hurt both. How do you think the Congress should respond? Well, Tucker, thanks for having me. And I think that the appropriate response is to do what the founders said. You remove somebody from office, a public official from office who's causing public harm and violating the public trust. And that is impeachment. And I think that is the, quite frankly, the most pressing remedy that we need to avail ourselves of with Alejandro Mayorkas. What he has done is absolutely, in my opinion, it's unconscionable. He's literally attacked the essence of this country by attacking the geographical integrity. And he's changing so much. He's put so many people in danger. We've got terrorists here that would never have been here. We've got criminal gang members and we've got well over a million people here. We have no idea anything about their background where they went because they just got away into the country because of his policies. I mean, if you can't impeach a Homeland Security Secretary for destroying the Homeland Security and allowing an invasion, no exaggeration, an invasion to occur on his watch, then what can you impeach someone for? Well, I think that's exactly right. And so I've had people say, but Andy, he didn't commit a real felony. And I said, but high crimes means that you're a public official and that you have violated the public trust and you need to be removed. Look, look at the, just the damage he's done. He came in and he basically got rid of every policy that was working. We had the Ume sector Tucker in the last year of Trump. The post policies had reduced the encounters to not fewer than 9,000 for the entire fiscal year. Last year, that sector alone had over 360,000 encounters. And then you stretch that along the entire southern border and you're pushing three million encounters and another million people who got in and got away. And those are the people that are bringing drugs. They're human trafficking, sex trafficking. They've put this country at risk. And quite frankly, the first thing that goes when a country is actually devolving is to, is, is when you lose your geographical integrity. And Secretary Mayorskis, that's his main job. And he is willfully imposed his, his own dangerous policies on us. It's not negligence. It's not a competence. It's willful. Yeah. And it's a felony. He's ignoring the law. The law that Congress passed, he's not elected. He's a bureaucrat. Congressman, any biggs of Arizona, great to see you tonight. Thank you. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.