 Well, as you know, if you've been following this story at all, the FBI has been in possession of Hunter Biden's laptop for years now, even if they, as they've arrested over a thousand and a thousand more to go, people who walked through the Capitol on January 6. But in the case of the president's son, they've done nothing with it at all, no indictments, even though, as you also know, there's evidence of felonies on that laptop. So what is this about? Well, it's possible the FBI is working with Hunter Biden, the New York Post, now reporting that Hunter Biden had an FBI mole called one eye, and this mole tipped off Hunter Biden's Chinese business partners that they were under investigation. That is according to an Israeli energy expert who was arrested last month in Cyprus on gun running charges. And it looks like he may be innocent. We don't know, Miranda DeVine is on this story as it develops. She joins us tonight. So those are the outlines I'm saying, and I apologize, I apologize about misstated them, but we just kind of sum this up. This is an amazing story it seems like. Look, Tucker, it's actually bizarre. I mean, it's another bizarre twist on an already bizarre story about the Biden family and the cast of characters involved in their influence peddling scheme around the world. And Dr. Gal Laft is the latest one. He is an Israeli energy expert, a professor. He was arrested in Cyprus, as you said, and is still in a Cyprus jail. He's charged apparently with gun running and thorough violations and various things. And he claims that he is innocent and that he's only been arrested to shut him up about what he knows about the Biden family business. And you know, a lot of his story does check out. He is regarded in his orbit in Washington, DC as, you know, he's well regarded. He's a legitimate energy expert. He's a former high ranking officer in the Israeli defense force. He has multiple degrees. And he also talks about this FBI mole that he claims Hunter Biden used to tip off his Chinese partners that there was an FBI investigation into them. And there is some corroboration of that from the reporting that we've already done from the laptop. We know that Hunter Biden did have contacts within the FBI. We know that he used them to benefit at least one of his Chinese business partners, Patrick Ho. And when Patrick Ho was arrested at JFK by the FBI, Hunter Biden then contacted his FBI contacts. And we don't know what they did for him. But that sort of accords with this story that's coming from Gal Loft. And Gal Loft worked for three years in Washington, DC with Hunter Biden's Chinese business partners. That checks out too. So he, when he says that those business partners told him about what the Biden's were up to, the hundreds of thousands of dollars that he knew about that was going to Hunter and his uncle Jim Biden every month. And their contact with this FBI mole, it does, it just bolsters, I guess, the reporting we've done from the laptop. So quickly, this Loft guy, the Israeli energy expert, as he was being arrested, he tweeted and said, they're arresting me to shut me up. I have the facts about Hunter Biden. He's a smart guy, his social media is still up. If you want to see it, it confirms he's a very smart person. Has he had anything else to say from his jail and say, Chris, do we know? Look, through his lawyer, which is the only way I've been able to talk to him, he certainly has other allegations, but without documents or other evidence to back it up. It's difficult to report those. He did get bail from the Cypriot courts a couple of weeks ago, but that has been vigorously opposed by US authorities and I'm told by Gal Loft's lawyer that the ambassador in Cyprus is putting a lot of pressure to keep him in jail. They want to extra-die him to the US on these charges of gun running and so on, which really baffle the people in Washington who've known Gal Loft for a long time and they say that's not really in his nature. You know, well, he doesn't have the profile of a gun run or that might be worth a trip to Cyprus. So, either Miranda Biden, thank you very much. Thanks, Tucker. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.