 Your Miranda Divine, as always, is on it. She's with the New York Post. Help break the 100 Biden-Wlap Top Story and the first place joins us tonight. Miranda, thanks so much for coming on. This doesn't seem like partisan rock throwing. This seems like an actual story to me, is it? Yes, and look, I think this might be the breakthrough story because really the cover-up of Biden corruption is like Watergate now bigger than the original story. It involves the FBI, the CIA. Now you're seeing this quite honest upright, completely non-partisan career IRS criminal investigator who has a lot of big scelps under his belt and is just treating the Hunter Biden story like he did any other case is furious. He's been stymied. He sees that there's been political interference and obstruction in the case. And then I think what really set him off and made him go to the Inspector General of the Department of Justice and turn into a protected whistleblower was seeing a month ago Merrick Garland appear at an oversight hearing and give very misleading testimony. He was asked specifically by Chuck Grazly is the US Attorney in Delaware able to bring charges in California and in Washington, D.C. These are the two jurisdictions where Hunter Biden lived and should have paid taxes. And Merrick Garland assured Grazly, oh yes, David White says every authority and power that he needs and I'm backing him up and this is all very independent. That is just the opposite of the truth. And really if Merrick Garland doesn't know that he's not doing his job properly. If Merrick Garland can be shown to have lied under oath to the Congress, I mean, the Attorney General of the United States can't commit crimes, I mean, by definition, that's got to be the end of him as our Attorney General, I would think. Well, it would be if you could have approved it, but all of these people are clever. They have plausible deniability. They have layer upon layer in which they can pretend that they don't know what's happened. That's what Joe Biden's entire business model is all about. His relatives go and get the bribes and he pretends he doesn't know about it. That's such a smart point. We're going to have a fine. Thank you so much for that summary tonight. We'll be talking again, I hope. Thank you. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.