 Well under the term equity, Joe Biden has made racial discrimination, open racial discrimination, mandatory at all levels of the federal government. That's illegal. It's completely immoral. Most Americans oppose it, hate it, but very few lawyers have organized to stop it. Bill Jacobson is one who might actually do that. He's president of the of legal insurrection. He's announcing tonight an initiative called the Equal Protection Project devoted to fair treatment of all Americans under the law without regard to race. The group's guiding principle is there is no good racism. It's at EqualProtection.org and we are honored to have Bill Jacobson join us tonight to explain what it is. Bill Jacobson, thanks so much for coming on. Lay this out for us if you would. Sure, Tucker, thanks for having me on. So we're starting EqualProtect.org, the Equal Protection Project, because we're seeing very troubling patterns in society. Our highest ideal as a society is enshrined in the Constitution, the 14th Amendment, and federal state and local law, which is you do not discriminate on the basis of race or ethnicity. And we're seeing that, unfortunately, under the concept of equity, that there is outright discrimination on the basis of race. And perfect example is in Providence, Rhode Island, where I'm located right now, the Providence School District, the largest in Rhode Island, is funded a program for teacher-loan forgiveness, new teacher-loan forgiveness funded by the Rhode Island Foundation, the largest charity in Rhode Island. There's one catch to it. You cannot apply unless you are non-white. So they have our openly discriminating against new white teachers with this program. And nobody seems to blink and eye at it. We have filed a federal complaint about it. We're pursuing it, but nobody is challenging this. The governor is no place to be found. The attorney general is no place to be found. This is a government program to discriminate. And unfortunately, that's what has happened to the equity agenda. And we're getting reports from around the country of these sort of problems. So we are organizing to investigate these things, to expose them. And if necessary to litigate them, and one of the things we're doing, and you can sign up at our website, if you're a lawyer who wants to help in this effort, at equalprotect.org, a lawyer's network. Because this has to be a national effort. As you mentioned, the Biden administration is behind it also. So that's what we're doing, and we ask people to come and visit and join us. Yeah, you can't just let them construct a new Jim Crow and ignore it. And thank you for soliciting the help of other lawyers. This needs an organized framework, and I think you're providing it, and we appreciate it. Bill Jacobson, thank you. Great, thank you. Thank you for watching the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.