 The so-called pro-life Spider-Man, Mason D'Shoem, just completed his most daring climb yet, we are mesmerized by these, and they're legitimately dangerous. On Tuesday morning, he free climbed, in other words, without ropes, the tallest building in Arizona, the 40-story Chase Tower in downtown Phoenix. The climb received much more media attention than many of his other climbs. He was arrested after getting the top as he often is, but he's out of jail now, and he joins us to explain why he once again risked his life. Mason D'Shoem is the pro-life Spider-Man. Great to see you, Mason. Thank you for coming on, St. John. Hey, congratulations on surviving yet another. It's incredible. Tell us why you did this. Yeah, thanks for having me on, Tucker. I climb these buildings because I want to show people how to have faith over fear. Abortion is murder, and that's the truth. Yet so many people in my age are scared to speak the truth. They're scared to offend. They're scared to lose friends, but we can't be scared. Abortion is just like climbing a skyscraper. It's a matter of life or death, and we don't have time for fear. That's why this time around, I'm raising money for a woman named Hope. She's 22 weeks pregnant, and she is partially disabled, and I want to show her that she doesn't need to have an abortion, and she doesn't need to live in fear. Did you raise money by doing this? Yeah, I raise money every time, especially by coming on your show, Tucker. Well, it's just such an amazing story, because on the one hand, your athletic ability and your bravery is just remarkable, and the fact that you're doing it in support of the single, most unfashionable position in the United States of America. You don't care, is even more inspiring, I would say. Have you talked to Hope? I have personally not talked to Hope. She works with counselors, but I'm praying every day for her that she can receive the help and care. And I know that what I do is risky, and I know what I do is dangerous, but it's something that needs to be done. And like I say, not everybody can climb a skyscraper, but everyone can speak out, and everyone can help save a baby at a time by going to let them live.org and helping Hope receive the support and care that she needs. Yeah, raising money for a woman who's pregnant and doesn't want to be, and you're trying to help her, I can't imagine anything more virtuous than that. You'll be attacked, but not in my house. May I send a shout? Great to see you. Thank you. Thank you so much, check her. Subscribe to The Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.