 To answer those questions, if Vekor Amoswamy joins us, he is of course running for president. He's also a long time finance guy, venture capitalist, knows the industry well, joins us. Vek, thank you so much for coming on. So first just, and I know these are complicated questions, but just to assess if you will, how most people experience the news that the government is bailing out a bank where 95% of the deposits were over 250,000 deposits put there by people who pay half the tax rate you do because they benefit from the carried interest loop poll, that does look a little rigged, I'm just throwing that out there. Oh, it's absolutely rigged, Tucker. There's a two-rule system in this country. There's the rule for the favorite class, and then the rules for everybody else. The rules for everybody else is $250,000 maximum. But this was really a bailout of Silicon Valley itself, the tech startups who made disastrous financial decisions to bank as much as they did with Silicon Valley bank. But what does the federal government say? Don't worry about it. We're going to come in and save you. Even companies like Roku that staggeringly had like over $480 million. That's unconscionable, yet what we say is that's okay. You get to keep making those disastrous decisions. Now, Tucker, the logic, and actually many of these venture capitalists that invested in these companies, they had a perverse incentive to fearmonger and create the conditions for a bank run, because the more likely a bank run was, the more likely it was that they would get that bailout for those tech startups on Sunday night. So kudos to them for playing crony capitalism well. That's exactly what they got done. But you think about this. You had a really good point there. I can't think of a more disastrous way to shake confidence than to call an emergency meeting on Sunday night and say, here's a bank that we told you for the longest time was not systemically important. That itself claimed that it wasn't systemically important. But now, we're going to use a designation of calling it systemically important to make a bailout to its depositors. So actually, I think that this is a game that is a downward march. Just like ESG came out of the 2008 financial crisis, central bank digital currencies are what's going to come out of this next one. And I think that this is something that every Republican, frankly, every American needs to be clear about, we have to say absolutely not to that level of social credit scoring that could unfold on the back of this. And you mark my words, it's marking yours as well. This is likely where this is heading. It's a longer-term game to a disaster. So very quickly, how long before people start to ask, okay, these long-term treasuries now that interest rates have gone up or worthless than we thought they were, who else is holding huge? I mean, the Fed itself and what other banks are counting these as cash equivalents? Like, how nervous should we be? Look, I think there's a lot of sense to pay for years of actually skiing on artificial snow. Now, the snow machine turned off. Now, the real evidence actually starts to surface. And, the other thing I'll tell you is, even over the weekend, right? I got calls from Silicon Valley elites, okay? Saying that, you know what? I was going to support you, people in the billionaire class, whatever. But you're speaking out about this, speaking this openly, no, I'm going to lose donor support. My view is, you know what? This is a moment for a grassroots uprising. That's why, I mean, look, I've put in eight figures into this campaign myself, but it's going to have to be grassroots bottom-up. And so, Vivek, 2024.com, let's actually get the grassroots uprising going instead of actually the one-sided Silicon Valley agenda here. Well, this is the kind of thing that provokes uprisings, I would say. Vivek, thank you so much. I'm sorry. Thanks for joining us tonight. Thank you.