 So we're living in an age where the worst seem to be on a perpetual ascendance. They become White House Secretary that dumbest among us. And the best are crushed. And we believe Simon Atiba is one of the best. He's one of the very few journalists in the White House briefing room who asks real questions. He is the top reporter from Africa in Washington. And for that, he's hated. Green Jean Pierre has been avoiding him for months. Now Simon Atiba has learned he's being booted from the White House Correspondence Association, which controls access to the White House briefings. Kind of shocking news. Simon Atiba is with today news African. He joins us tonight. Simon, I'm sorry to hear this news. I'm shocked by it. How can you be thrown out of the White House Correspondence Association? On what grounds? Okay, thank you for having me talk. Thank you for having me on the show. And thank you for releasing the videos of the January 6th. I showed that we didn't have the full story. And I just want to thank you personally for that. Of course. So the White House Correspondence Association has decided that I'm not worth it. I'm not supposed to be a member of the association. Deny the refuse to renew my membership. They are trying to help the press secretary, Karin Jean Pierre, because when you do the right thing, when you ask the right question, they try to silence you, they try to censor you. And the only thing they're doing to me right now is trying to punish me for trying to be a real journalist, for asking the question that they are making people really care about. And it's shameful, it's a disgrace. And the president of the White House Correspondence Association, Tamra Kid, who worked for NPR, a publicly funded media organization should be ashamed of herself. Absolutely ashamed of herself. So you NPR's Correspondence, fake reporter, is colluding with the White House press secretary to throw the one guy in the room out of ask real questions. That's what you're saying. Yes, exactly. When you do the right thing, when you don't send questions in advance, Karin Jean Pierre, she's totally incompetent. She can't even answer basic questions. She lies a lot. She's like repeatedly about the classified documents, about other things. When you ask those questions, when you press for the truth, the silence you, I never believed that this could happen to me in the United States. In Africa, when we look up to the US, we saw the beacon of light, the beacon of excellence, the beacon of free speech. But here I am right in the White House, in the most powerful house in the world, being censored, being punished by Tamra Kid of NPR, the W.A.C.A, who are totally incompetent and colluding with the White House to punish someone who is doing the right thing. It's unbelievable. The state broadcaster NPR is colluding with the state to shut down free speech. It's just, I wonder if NPR is media correspondent. We'll cover this story. Senator Teibat, we are blessed by your presence on this show. Thank you. And I'm sorry. Thank you. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.