 But Rayleigh Gaines will say that because she's not afraid. So last night Gaines went to San Francisco State University to talk about her experiences in NCAA swimming. And Rayleigh Gaines is not a hater. She is a measured, decent person who believes in logic and reason and finding common ground with people who disagree with her. She does not think she is God. But that fact is not believed she is God. Make sure he terrifying threat to the zealots who doob doob their God. And so at San Francisco State last night, the zealots attacked her. A mob surrounded Rayleigh Gaines and prevented her from moving through the hallways. At one point the thugs said they wouldn't let her pass unless she blinches. During the chaos, a man dressed as a woman punched her several times. The mob howled with rage, screaming threats and obscenities. We're not overstating. Here's what it looked like. I'm coming. I'm coming. I'm coming. I'm coming. I'm coming. I'm good. Trust me. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. Trust me. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. That's the most dangerous extremist group in the United States. There's no mistaking. Rayleigh Gaines once again is not an ideologue or a demagogue. She's not out to hurt anybody. She's a college swimmer who was cheated against and doesn't think that's fair. In the face of that, people threaten her life and scream transparently nonsensical things like trans women are women. Trans women are not women. Women are women and men are men. And that's unalterable. And if you think otherwise, you are delusional. And they are delusional and therefore dangerous. Last night, Rayleigh Gaines was sentenced to an assault at San Francisco State. Her most basic civil rights were stolen by a violent mob. The thing was supposed to be on the lookout for, well, there it is. If there is such a thing as a hate crime, you just saw it. And yet the butt-to-the-bustration and its thoroughly corrupt Department of Justice won't acknowledge that any of that happened because they endorse it happening. Rayleigh Gaines is one of the bravest people we know and we're grateful to have her join us tonight. Rayleigh Gaines, thank you so much for coming on. Was that as horrifying as it looked? I mean, it was tear of tear. The police did not inform me of any sort of action plan. Turning point USA invited me to the campus. I delivered a very civil and respectful speech where I had great dialogue with even protesters who were participating in a sit-in. All of the sudden, after my speech, the room was stormed. The lights were turned off and I was rushed with no one there to escort me to a safe place. I was punched. I was hit multiple times. I was shoved. Until finally, we exited the room. We could not leave because the protesters flooded the halls and so I was pushed into a classroom along that hallway where I was barricaded in for three hours. Three hours? Why didn't someone with the gun come and bring you to safety? Because they were terrified. They were scared to put their hands on these people because they know what these people are capable of. These people yelled obscene, violent, vulgar things to both myself and the officers and the officers. I could tell. Didn't feel comfortable putting them in a position that would mean they do their job, which is a really scary, chilling thought. This is the most dangerous extremist movement in the United States right now. It's getting bigger, not smaller. It's gaining steam, not losing it. The White House has endorsed it. What does this mean for you? I just can't say it again since I happen to know you. You are an inherently moderate person who means harm to no one. But are you worried about your safety going forward? You know I am worried about my safety. I have to be now. When we have people who are willing to do this and we know why they're willing to do this, it's because they don't have reason. They don't have logic. They don't have science. They don't have common sense on their side. That's on my side. They protrude by violence, whether it's physical or verbal violence. But what this means for me, this does not deter me. This assures me that I am doing the right thing. This will not silence me when they want me to be silenced. It just means I need to speak louder. Really quick. Has anyone in the state of California in authority any political figure, for example, defend you? No. I'm not the dean of students, not the campus police. I will say the city of San Francisco police that stepped in, they did a phenomenal job in escorting three hours later. But I will be pursuing legal action. I will ensure that the people who physically assaulted me, the people who put me in that position, they will face repercussions. Yeah. I mean, if we can't identify that as evil, then we've really lost the thread. I'm glad you're still here. Absolutely. Thank you.