 Well, here's a trivia fact you made out of known since 1967. 56 years, the Disney Corporation has enjoyed near-total control over about 40 square miles of Florida's own little Vatican City. And this is by act to the Florida legislature, which empowered Disney to function effectively as its government. Disney could even acquire territory outside its chunk of land by eminent domain, just take it from people. Now, last year, people began to wonder, why would Disney, which is a totally politicized company, they pushed his race hate and sexualized propaganda on children? Why would they have all these special benefits in the state of Florida? Hmm, good question. So last year, Florida's legislature passed a bill ending this weird little arrangement, Disney had. Of course, they hated it. Florida's government run to Santis, pushed for, and then signed that bill into law. Governor DeSantis joins us to make governor. Thanks so much for coming on. So why did you see this as an important thing to do as the governor? Well, as you pointed out, Tucker, I mean, no company or individual in Florida, probably anywhere else in our whole country, has enjoyed their own governing status, being exempt from most, oh, many of the laws of the state of Florida, massive subsidies. So it's not a good arrangement to begin with. But if you remember last year, they came out very strong against a piece of legislation to protect parents' rights and to protect young children from having sexualized curriculum and things like elementary school. And then they had executives talking about it was their intent to jam some of this sexualized programming in the Disney cartoons and programming for young kids. So then we're in a situation, Tucker, where they're taking those positions as a company, which are antithetical to our values. But with this arrangement, Florida was subsidizing that type of activism. That could no longer stand. And so now today in the state of Florida, for the first time since 1967, Disney no longer has its own government. They're going to have to abide by the same laws as everybody else. They're going to finally pay their fair share of taxes and pay all the debts that they've racked up over these decades. But my understanding was in a democracy, unelected corporate executives get to make your laws for you. No? Well, you know, there's a lot of people in the corporate press that think that that's what they would rather have. You know, I just won by 1.5 million votes and then I go and do what I said I would do. And they squeal. They would much rather have Disney running the show in central Florida. But there's a new sheriff in town. And I think that this is going to be good for the state of Florida. And I'll tell you, Tucker, the people that work there have been very, very thankful that we took this action. The firefighters, for example, on site were so glad that we're finally stepping up, going to listen to them and going to treat them much better. So you just sort of book about what you've done in Florida called the Courage to Be Free, Florida's group print. If I can pronounce it for America's revival, it's out tomorrow. What's it about? Well, people would say, how'd you do it in Florida? I mean, we've become the focus point of freedom in the United States. And even around the world people look at Florida, you just had someone from Spain saying a politician, she wants Spain to be the Florida of Europe. And I think what we do is we talk about the different fights that we've had, our approach to leadership. But at the end of the day, Tucker, you talk about all the time in your show. Yes, we got a fight over weaning government, very important. And we have a very vast administrative state that we battle with Biden. But you also have corporate America going woke, big tech censoring. So these are fights all across the scene. And when you stand up for what's right, they come after you. It isn't easy. You gotta have the courage of your convictions to stand strong. But I think what we've shown in Florida, if you do that and people see you're willing to fight for them, they'll walk over broken glass barefoot to vote for you. And I'm proof positive that four years ago, I won by 32,000 votes. Last November, I won by 1.5 million votes. Yeah, well, movement is the ultimate election. People are moving there. So that kind of tells you, I would say a lot. Governor Understanders, Florida, thank you very much. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.