 Roseanne Barr has one of the most remarkable life trajectories of anyone we've ever met and learned more from it than most people, that's for sure. She started at the very bottom, then out of nowhere she created and wrote one of the most successful sitcoms of all time. And so her career, of course, she's Roseanne Barr, was thriving, and then she made the mistake of making fun of Barack Obama's best friend Valerie Jarrett, and her career was completely destroyed. They tried to destroy her personal life, too. But she is back. She's hard to defeat. She's got a brand new stand-up special on FoxNation called Roseanne Barr cancel this. Here's part of it. Man, I had a rough couple of years there. I got fired because basically I racially misgendered somebody I thought was a white woman. Huh? I know. I thought the **** was why. It's true. A lot of us thought that in our defense. We're sitting down for a full hour with Roseanne Barr. It'll be on FoxNation, but she joins us now on set. Roseanne, thank you so much for coming. I really appreciate it. I'm so excited to be on with you. Well, we're going to get into all the details. We didn't last night. I was just, I was, there was a lot of good. What about the best? Delicious. Absolutely the best. And we'll get into that. But for the purposes of this segment, what is this special and why is it on FoxNation? What are you doing and why? Well, it's kind of a return to stand-up after many years. And they offered me to come and do a stand-up special. And it was in response to being fired and they came to my defense. And I was like, well, I thought about it. And I was like, yeah, I need to have my say. I need to answer. Because I was kind of not allowed to even apologize for what happened. I was just like black bald and just totally canceled from even commenting on what happened. So I thought, well, stand-up is a great place to come back and say what happened until the truth about it. And also to talk about cancel culture itself and how horrible it is and how fascist. And jokes are a great way to, you know, scorn power, especially during Biden's presidency. I love laughing at to scorn because it deserves to be left to scorn. And my jokes are so great. They're the most offensive. I was talking to my friends who also were canceled and we all were saying we made a pact together. When we come back, we're going to be even more offensive than we've ever been before. So my stand-up is more offensive than I've ever been. And I'm so happy because you've got to be more offensive when the culture is so offensive that it makes absolutely no sense that it's anti-life, anti-human, anti-culture, anti-citizen. You've got to be so offensive to offend the most offensive thing that is on earth right now. And I think I've done it. You have? That's a very high bar. I just, but I just want to get one sentence back. You have friends. There's a community of people who've been canceled. Like you know each other. Comedians, you know, especially comedians because, you know, like I told you last night, I was terrified when Obama signed the NDAA thing because I said, my God, this is an attack on comedy and all the comics we're talking about it. It's like, we will not be able to say anything now. And it's true. And it's funny that I said that on Twitter and that I was the first casualty of cancel culture in a large way. But you know, so many of other comics have fallen too and can't find work and, you know, have no livelihood because, you know, unless they, you know, are ridiculously sucking up to what the left considers to be. Well, the left has no humor at all. So let's be real. They have no sense of humor at all. Nor do they have any sense of humor about themselves. Like anybody in power who can't take a joke about themselves, like the person I mentioned, she should have just laughed it off. But instead she called ABC and demanded that I be fired. And so why can't you just laugh at yourself? You know, somebody in power who can't even laugh themselves, that's a dangerous human being. And this is what they say, Obama's third term, so look around. I think I was pretty right on in my, you know, nobody understood my tweet because they don't, they lack the geopolitical background even understand it. They're like, oh, she said to him, you know, they're just idiots. So, but if you can't even laugh at yourself, you're a dangerous human being. And you have power and you have no sense of humor about yourself that comedian say, that's dangerous. It's so dangerous. I could not agree more. And also, the power differential is fascinating to me. So here you are. Oh, I was going to say, and this is her third term because she is Obama's brain. Well, she got you fired. So how excited you're one of the most famous comedians in the world. And she got you fired from your job and humiliated and kind of overturned your life. She had the power to do that. So how is it that she has the right to be offended by what, you know, like she shouldn't be offended. She's in power. I know because they never, these people, they, they're always the victim. They bully, bully, bully, bully. And then one, they're called on being a bully. They're the victim. The endless bully victim thing. It's two sides of the same coin. And they're trying to turn our entire culture into bully, bully, victim. And it's just not going to work. And my jokes are kind of to that effect. Why are we calling these people victims that are actually bullies? Yes. And way more powerful than we are. Powerful enough to get Roseanne Barfire from her TV show. Yeah. And they enjoyed, oh my god, they enjoyed doing it. They really enjoyed it. Yeah. They enjoy that. They do. They enjoy sticking. Well, you were talking about the whole climate culture religion. They enjoy inflicting pain. Oh, I'm sure they sit there and go, yeah, we're going to cut, you know, like old people can't get their pain meds. I hear this all time as my mom's old. They, they deny old people in their 80s pain meds. They like that. They like inflicting because, you know, it's basically, it's like it is fascist and Nazi. They do experiments on captive populations. No different. And it's disgusting. And then we're supposed to see that as progressive. It's not. It's anything but I just, I just wanted to say it. I'm not going to let them have the last word not on me. I'll be fighting in my, uh, depends on a, on a, I don't care. I'm never going to give up. They're not going to get me. Okay. Anybody who just heard what you said will be waiting for the full hour and for your special. Amazing. Roseanne Bar. Thank you. The Fox Nation Santa specials call Roseanne Bar, cancel this. It is out Monday, February 13th. And as we said, we're going to speak with her for a full hour. That will appear soon on Fox Nation. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.