 Chris Rufo tirelessly, he's obviously broke this story. He's a Feldman head, had an institute. He joins us tonight. Chris, thanks so much for coming on. So I just have to ask you once again, how is this, which is so obviously illegal under federal and state laws, all 50 states, how is this allowed? Well, it shouldn't be, but it's allowed because these are people who have power. They've expanded in the universities with these so-called diversity, equity, and inclusion programs. And no one is challenging them from within the institution. And so that's why I'm doing this investigative series. I'm exposing it. We're going to put pressure on these folks because what they're doing is quite simple. They're dividing Americans, or in this case, students at Florida State, along with they call a matrix of oppression. They're designating some groups of pressors, other groups of press, and they're creating special benefits and special punishments based on your identity. It's wrong. We have them scrambling. And the more we expose it, the more we put pressure on them. The more that we could stamp out this racialist ideology that is capturing all of our institutions. Well, and it's just, it's directly opposed to the America that normal people want to live in of all colors, by the way. You're not prepared for this. I'm just throwing this at you. I just read today that you've been appointed to the board of a college by Governor DeSantis in Florida. And in a minute 30, can you sum up what, it's a very interesting story. Can you sum up what you're doing and what that is? Yeah, I was appointed, along with six other trustees, to take over the new College of Florida. It's the smallest public university in the system on our first board meeting. We fired the president. We let go of the general counsel. We switched to board chair. And we're going to implement top to bottom reforms of this university. We're going to be bringing a classical liberal arts education and demonstrating. It's time for conservatives to get tough. It's time for when we win elections to actually start changing institutions. And we're not just simply going to be the caretakers of left-wing ideology. We're taking action. Governor Ronda Santos is leading the way. And I'm proud to be part of this movement. So you're not waiting around for a report from the current administration at this college. No, we're acting very quickly. And I think you're going to see dramatic changes right from the outset. And look, we're following the governor's lead. This is a guy who has a bold vision, takes courageous action. And really the thing that I hope to demonstrate in this experiment taking over this college is political courage. Because that's what we need as conservatives. It's time to stop just doing white papers, talking to each other. It's time to take action. You know, John Durham's going to do a report in the next 10 years. So just hold tight. Chris Rufo, great to see you. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens. Stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight. You