 Russell Brand has been an actor, comedian, a podcast host for decades. All of a sudden, he's one of the most forceful voices for the truth in the English-speaking world. He's also a deeply interesting person with a lot of insights about God, amazingly. Russell Brand. We sit down with him for a long conversation. A brand new episode Tucker Carlson today. Here's a small part of it. As much as I might enjoy the feeling of privilege and luxury and I'm certainly making no claims to be an aesthetic, I remember what reality is. I remember that my wellness is contingent upon spiritual connection, upon certain values and principles and I'm sorry to admit, involve sacrifice and self-scrutiny about my own conductive behaviour which is often full-shore and I'm working on improving myself. I continue to work on improving myself. So when I sort of hear morality sort of as bombast or when I hear rhetoric divorced from compassion, it makes me feel uneasy. So I've been blessed with a very practical spirituality, like many desperate people. I need spirituality, I need God or I cannot cope in this world. I need to believe in the best in people. I need to believe that there are new alliances possible, new ways of us communicating because I see atrofeeing and corrupt systems delivering it more misery to people and I think it's increasingly necessary that we find new ways of framing the conversation and looking into our hearts when we're speaking. Are we being kind? Are we being loving? Are we being the best that we can be on whose behalf are we speaking and what is my intention moment to moment? Am I doing this for self-glorification? Am I doing this because I have obligations to rumble the platform on or am I doing this because I genuinely believe that a better world is possible and that world is born individually within each of us moment to moment and it's possible to change. I genuinely believe in change and I'm not on my core a misanthrope. I don't believe that we need systems of condemnation. I don't believe that if people aren't heavily policed and heavily controlled they will behave badly. I believe that we can self-organize. I believe I'm optimistic about your country and I'm optimistic about mine and I'm optimistic about the world but I think the price of that optimism is a degree of reason and in acceptance that many people see the world very, very differently at this time and we're going to have to allow one another some distance to be who we are whether that's individually or communally and these are the areas that interest me and these are the things that have always interested me. The fact was I just didn't have enough self-discipline to resist to be a lure of stardom and I fell face first into the glitter and I'm only just pulling myself out now. But once I stopped drinking and taking drugs it became clear that there was a lot more on offer. The ability to in fact as they say recovery, the term recovery is undergirded by the idea that we recover the person we're intended to be. And this idea of intention I think is rather beautiful because when you live in a nihilistic post-rationalistic materialistic world where there can be no tell us, where there can be no glory, where there can be no meaning, none of us are meant to be anything but the idea that there might be a purpose for you, that there might be something that you can become. This I found this idea very engaging and very comforting and I've got to be honest it also engaged the more egotic and narcissistic aspects of me that could achieve something in my life. But as time has gone on there's been that there's an ongoing tension between those things, individual achievement and a sort of an ongoing desire for recognition and applaud is. But a deeper understanding that there is something valuable here on offer that we can achieve something and it's actually sort of quite humble irritatingly isn't it? Like it's mostly about helping people directly. My world view is formed by spiritual principles rather than political principles that my values are derived from quite simple ideas around kindness, community, acceptance, gratitude and I'm making no claim to practice these principles anything like perfectly but at least I know what I'm aspiring to and I know that my spirituality is about my conduct and how I behave rather than telling other people how they should behave. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.