 Well now the Chicago Mayor Lori Lightfoot has lost reelection. She'll be leaving office soon. A lot of journalists in the city are thrilled about that because Lightfoot waged a war on press freedom. At one point she even refused to let white reporters interview her. Lightfoot also pulled the press credentials of reporter William J. Kelly because she didn't like his reporting. On Wednesday, at a city council meeting, Kelly gave Lightfoot this send-off. People in Chicago elected you. You shut down our schools, you shut down the churches, you shut down the businesses, you did the one thing that I thought could never happen. As somebody who was born and raised on the South Side of Chicago, I never thought in my life that I would ever see the city of Chicago brought down so low as you have managed to bring it down. Shame on you. That is a legacy that you are going to have to carry. Future historians are going to have a hard time understanding how you ever even became mayor of the city of Chicago. I hope that you realize what damage you have done to the city. I hope that after today's city council meeting, you will pack your suitcase and get the hell out of my city. I am getting the hell out of office, that is for sure. William J. Kelly is a journalist in Chicago and he joins us now. William, great to have you on the program. I can't help but notice that was a city council meeting. It wasn't a press briefing. It wasn't a Q&A that looked like a public comment. Why was that the circumstances of your statement to Mayor Laurie Lightfoot? Absolutely. Thank you so much for having me. Well, like everything else in the city of Chicago now, it is mission impossible to meet Kobayashi Maru. We had traditionally Mayor Lightfoot would do a press conference after every city council meeting. But of course this being her last city council meeting due to the fact that she lost her reelection campaign, she cancelled her city council press conference. So I knew that if I was going to have a chance to speak to her at all, I would have to register for the public comment section. And that's exactly what I did. It was a lottery. Only five people, only five names were drawn from a big glass bowl. And miraculously mine was one of them. And I was given three minutes. 60 seconds worth, the distance run times three. You know, luck of the Irish there. But not without effort, you had to enter the lottery to get a chance to speak to your Mayor. Why was this so important for you to say what you said to Lightfoot? Well, it was extremely important, well, because over the course of the last few years, a number of people have contacted me, reached out to me, and said, you know, here's a question I would like for you to ask the Mayor. Here's something I would like you to say. Police officers who have been overworked and obviously mistreated and spiked in police suicides as a result. And I feel like this particular city council meeting was an opera, was the last chance that I may ever have to actually tell Mayor Laurie Lightfoot not just what was on my mind, but what was on the minds of so many Chicagoans. And I'm just thankful that I had the opportunity to do it. And I heard in that moment where you told her you hope the history is written accurately that you intend to write that book, that you intend to write the history of these years in Chicago. We could hear that in the video clip of your appearance there in the city council. What we cannot hear, William, is the response of the Mayor or the council. What did they say to you at the end of your statement? Well, you know, to add insult to injury, after I'm done giving my public comment or victim impact statement is how I actually viewed it, one of Mayor Lightfoot's city council allies heckled me. She actually said, you know, she called me a derogatory name. And then she said that all of the problems that Mayor Laurie Lightfoot had to handle or mishandle was the result of the pandemic. And I just channeled the entire city of Chicago and let this city council woman know that she was in fact the pandemic. Well, in Chicago for the moment, at least it looks like there's some relief from the pandemic. We hope that the circumstances in that city, which have been largely made it unlivable for the past several years, are alleviated. And we appreciate you hopping on with us tonight, William J. Kelly and for that moment in front of Mayor Laurie Lightfoot. And we appreciate you having the opportunity to see the stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.