 So even Miller is a former senior advisor to Donald Trump. He's founder of America First Legal. He joins us tonight to assess. Stephen Miller, I'm just wondering what you think of that. It sort of came to that after watching this Trump saga for the last seven years. That seems to be the third rail really. Is the foreign policy questions? Yes, and I lived through it, Tucker. I lived through it by this man's side for those seven years. The moment that he got the nomination, we watched as the hit in the middle of the Indian power centers in this country came out from underneath their rocks and began to pull the strings that they control. They began to leak information designed to sabotage him at every turn. They began to use every organ of control they have in the intelligence community, the national security community, the law enforcement community to try to control him and to control his presidency. Russia is the central example of this. They tried desperately to keep him from pursuing they taught with Russia. They tried desperately to keep him from holding that summit with Vladimir Putin to try to have a relationship between our two countries. Now look what has happened. Now that he is out of office, we are on the brink of a world war, Tucker. As soon as they pushed him out of office, look what happened. We are now almost in a nuclear conflict over the borders of Ukraine. So you ask me, what is all Trump's crime? We know it's not a financial crime. We know it's not a campaign finance crime. This crime is refusing to bow or bend to the corrupt and rotten foreign policy establishment that is used to always, always getting their way in this country. And it has much greater control over our system. I think any of us appreciate it. I mean, you look at John Cornyn, the Republican Senator from Texas, who I think most people speak for myself sort of assumed he was kind of conservative. And then you realize when you view it through the lens of what's happening in Ukraine, John Cornyn and Mitch McConnell and Tom Tillis and almost every Republican Senator, is a screaming liberal, actually. And if it weren't for foreign policy, you wouldn't know that. You wouldn't know that they are completely aligned with Chuck Schumer and the Democrats in Joe Biden. So there really is a uniparty on these the most important questions. Well, there's obviously an ideological disease that courses through Washington when it comes to foreign policy and the sacrifices of our interests to foreign nations and foreign profits. But it's even deeper than that. And I know this because I also worked on the hill for almost a decade. The intelligence community is able to manipulate the intelligence process and the relationship with lawmakers in order to obtain the answers that they want from Congress. So when it comes to an issue like the Patriot Act, they can leak what they need to leak. They can push the narratives they need to push. They can manufacture the threats they need to manufacture. And it can work the relationships that they have in order to obtain the outcome that they want. And that has always been true on foreign policy for many, many, many years. Then Donald Trump comes up onto the scene of Washington, a man with whom they have no relationship, a man who has no affinity for them, who doesn't care about them, who doesn't value what they value. And this for them is a panic moment. It is a panic moment. And we are now living in the seventh year of that panic, turning our entire democracy upside down. And we will tell you if a prosecutor in Manhattan can take control of our entire presidential election process, then by what definition can we say that we even have a democracy in this country? Right. No, I mean, we were mocked. I thought justly by the president of El Salvador yesterday, he said, we're not going to take any more lectures about democracy from a country that interferes in its own elections like this. And unfortunately, he's right. He is. Stephen Miller. Great to see you tonight. Thank you for that. Thank you. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.