 It's only March we're going to go ahead and just declare this the best story of the year. So we told you about a Tanzanian fashion designer who was watching Fox News coverage of Sam Brinketon, that would be Joe Biden's non-binary cross-dressing nuclear waste expert who stole luggage off Carousel's as part of his fetish. So this designer, Asia Alcagg, noticed that Sam Brinke was wearing one of her dresses. And we thought how great would it be to track down this Tanzanian designer to tell her story. And we have, she joins us now with her husband, Comsine. I see you, thank you so much, Comsine, thank you. See, will you tell us what happened? How did you notice that it was your dress? I have this Miller. Thanks for inviting me to your show. My name is Asia Idaru Sramsine. Tanzanian fashion designer based in Houston, Texas. On February 2018, I flew back from Tanzania with my collection of Lady Red Fashion Show 2018, which is my annually platform. I was invited in Washington DC to Kenyan community event who really support my work to showcase my designs. I flew from Houston to Washington DC on March 9th 2018 when I arrived in DCA One of my back was missing. I opened the claim to Delta office in DCA and I made a police report in DCA Airport, but my back was not found. On December 2022, we saw on the Fox News about Sam Brinke's luggage issue. And so my customer designs word by Sam Brinke, which was in the missing back back 2018. Oh my God, I was shocked for more than 40 years I worked hard. On my work, it's very painful. Then I made another police report in Houston. They told me to wait for investigation on January. Somebody calling me, called me and introduced himself and he told me he's working on my issue, but still today I had nothing. I was asking myself how this person got my customer designs because it's one of a kind and where then without fear and displaying public, I don't accuse him as a thief, but there is question to be answered here. What I can say for now with all pains, time, suffer, let down my people. Didn't attend the show. What I need is justice now. And I believe there is justice. Oh, I believe that too. Has he reached out to you, the man who clearly stole your luggage, Sam Brinke? Has he called you or returned to these dresses? No. May I ask a question of your husband? So here you have this entitled little creep who's a federal official stealing your wife's clothing. What's your reaction to that? And what would you say to Sam Brinke if you could? Well, the only thing I can say is painting and I was going through hardship to come hard down. Because this is her passion. She had been doing this for 40 years. And all of a sudden somebody running around with you are designed at piece of art. It's painful. And she asked me, you know, like I said, well, you've tried whatever you've been trying. You know, like if there is justice, let them head about you. If somebody can step up and try to help, because without help, you know, and these things, you know, like people think like it turns more into political, which is not. You can't say green is black or black is yellow. Black is black. You know, the truth, the truth wants to be, you know, say, you know. Yes. So we think, we think, you know, we thank you to come to your show and you know, like maybe somebody can outside they can hear, you know, how how how how how how how how how how how how how how claim. And I hope this, this man gets a little Tanzanian justice, honestly, because he's not getting in this country. So I appreciate so much of both of you coming on and I'm sorry for what you've been through. And I hope that restitution is paid to you both. Thank you very much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. But we're calling for somebody there too. If you can help out. Yes. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.