 You may recall the documentary called Super Sized Me. It was about eating McDonald's full time and inspired one man in Nashville called Kevin McGinnis. He's hoping the McDonald's diet will super downsize his body. He's eating only McDonald's for 100 days to lose weight. He reports back its quote, absolutely working. Kevin McGinnis blogs about his diet. He's a brave man. He joins us. Kevin, thanks so much for coming on. It's a great idea. I'm saying I don't believe. By the way, you look fit and vigorous, I will say, in a non-creepy way. But how are you keeping... You can't see my belly. So... How are you keeping fit on McDonald's? What are you doing? So literally the concept... I was a boxer, I wrestled in school and you'd have to cut. You have to cut to make weight. So cutting the calories, cutting the food in half. If I eat three meals a day, I cut them in half. And I seek the heat before I eat. Meaning I wait until that heat in your stomach that says you're hungry. Everyone else calls it hunger. I call it my incinerator turning on to get rid of all the excess and also burn off some of the fat off my body. And then I'll have that next meal. No meaty... No eating hours, no counting, no measuring. Just cut the meals in half, eat three of them a day, win your hungry. And my belief is, will be 50 pounds down by the end of the 100 days, better blood work, and better health. You don't believe me to follow along. That's fine. That's just... So really the essential ingredient is self-control. You're approaching McDonald's in the way that I never have, which is with restraint. So how do you handle breakfast? Yeah, well, so breakfast is, go to the McDonald's, order any breakfast menu items or the meal, including a dessert, right? If you want to have the pastry, whatever. But then cutting in half, and at first, the first three or four days, wrap up the other half, get it out of sight, out of mind, and just eat the half, and then save the other half till later. Eat that for lunch or save it for the next day's breakfast, whatever. And then just eat, again, each meal, only half of whatever that whole meal would be. It McDonald's, cut it in half, save the other half. After you've done it for about three or four days, your stomach will have shrunk a little bit, and then you can just eat the half, and you can wrap up the other half after you eat in half of it, either way is fine. Two questions. Are you worried this will kill you? Is the obvious one. And second, how does McDonald's leftovers taste the next day? So on the leftovers, I'll answer that one first. Definitely putting the sandwich in the microwave with a little cup of water, so it actually steams a little bit. Really good for the sandwiches. For me, I like this software. You can put the whole thing in an air fryer for the fries and hash browns, either air fryer or a dry skillet, and it turns them right back to almost brand new again. So they're really good. As far as it is, it's going to kill me. If the blood work at the beginning will do blood work throughout, my belief is that it's going to absolutely improve the blood work throughout the whole process, because by waiting, go ahead.