 In Thomas Massey serves in the Congress. He did, then, he does now. He represents the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Congressman, thank you so much for coming on. I have never seen members of Congress accuse the other, I mean, there's usually kind of fraternity in the Congress, or all members of Congress, 435. Accused their colleagues unfairly without any evidence at all of committing felonies. What's your response to this, to the lying from your colleagues in the Congress? You've exposed so many lies tonight with these tapes that it's changed my perception of what happened two years ago. And I was there, the tapes of people milling peacefully about. And my hat's off to your producers for sitting over there and going through hours of this. Yes, for the best. But I would love to unleash the resourcefulness of the American public on these videos. I think they should be released. You know, I think it's poppycock that they can't be released because of some security issues. Look, I'm the one who's supposed to be secured by these buildings. And I'm not worried about releasing them. They need to be released. In fact, there was a Rasmussen poll that just came out. This showed over 80%. 78% of Democrats and 86% of Republicans say that all the videos should be released. And they should, because as you said, Tucker, you didn't have facial recognition software there. We also could, we need a complete catalog of all of the feds who were there. Tell us who they were. Let's watch the videos and let's see what they did, because there's some really strange behavior on those videos. So people behind the police lines, in playing clothes like touching them on the shoulder, talking in their ear, walking around boundaries as if they weren't even there. It's very odd. I'm the one who asked Merrick Garland. I showed him the tape of Ray Epps. The Democrats didn't like it. I had to show it on an iPad for Merrick Garland to watch it. And then he refused to say how many feds were there. But that was also in the Rasmussen poll. 57% of Democrats think that it's at least somewhat likely that feds, agents of the federal government, were not just there, but were also encouraging people to riot or go into the Capitol. It's very clear from the footage that our producers bravely slog through for three weeks, and God bless them for doing it, that that's exactly right, that federal agents encourage the violence that day. We're just a TV show, and we can't show people without proof of who they really were. But I agree with your assessment completely. That obviously happened. Congressman Thomas Massey of Kentucky, thank you so much for coming on. Appreciate it. Subscribe to The Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.