 A notable note, and of course you already know who's coming next. Victor Davis Hansen, a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution, joins us for the two minutes and ten seconds we have left. Professor, welcome. Thank you. Tucker, I think that we're seeing war clouds gather abroad, and I think the United States economy, politically foreign policy is at an end here, and we've lost now all credibility that we've stored up over 233. We have no more moral credibility to lecture people about the democratic process, and your guests have spelled it out pretty well. They have an agenda that does not appeal to 51% of the people, so they attack the process and they attack the candidate. And what's we're seeing is not the end of it. This tonight was the very beginning. This is going to go on through three prosecutors for a year and a half with the intent of getting just enough empathy for Donald Trump that he would be nominated and then seeing him gag-ordered, hemorrhage, and maybe even incarcerated to nullify his viability in the general election. So it's the worst example of third-world election tampering, and they don't have a message, and so whether it's symbolically tearing up the state of the union or denying the speaker of the minority leader in the House appointments or trying to threaten the filibuster to be ended or the electoral college or pack the court. This all process because they don't have a message and they're desperate. They're revolutionaries. We're in a mill of a revolution. We don't even know that we're in. I think Donald Trump said as much as he could, but I imagine that in the next week we'll see a gag-order level against him, and then the other prosecutors will be encouraged. This is going to go on. This cycle drum is going to go on for a year and a half. Which is entirely point. Very quickly. Is there not a single Democrat in Washington who cares about the country enough to say what you just said? I don't think so. I think some people like Joe Manchin have spoken out, but there's no Democratic Party anymore. It doesn't exist. It's not even a progressive party, but so woke, hardcore, leftist, revolutionary movement. It has no popular support, but throughout history such movements didn't really need. They didn't need it. They got power anymore. Thank you, David Sanson. Thank you so much. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.