 Do you think Biden will stay in the race? Look, I watch him just like you do. And I think it's almost inappropriate for me to say it. But I deal with other people. I don't see how it's possible. And it's not an age thing. You know, they'll say, I have friends that are 88, 89, 92, Bernie Marcus, Home Depot, he's 95, smartest hell, he's sharp as he was. I mean, he's mentally, Bernie Marcus, Home Depot, founder of Home Depot, one of the founders. I mean, I had a meeting with him a few months ago. He was 100%. I know people that built their fortunes from 80 to 90. They were always struggling. And they made a fortune from 80 to 90. A couple of people in particular. It's amazing. He's not too old. His age, I think they do the age thing because I'm four or five years behind. They say, this is the way I'm getting Trump. Let's go, but this is something wrong. I saw his answer today on television about whether or not he was going to run to a very nice guy named Al Roker. When you can't get a softer question than that. That was a long answer talking about the eggs and this and that. Look, I don't think he can. But say what you want. They didn't expect him to get it. People could say he won an election. It always goes, I got the most votes of any person, any sitting president in history. I was told if I got 15 million less, I couldn't lose. They're surrounded by vicious, smart people, radical left people. But they're very smart and they're very vicious. It's not him. It's not him. He's now in Ireland. He's not going to have a news conference. When the world is exploding, I own property in Ireland. I'm not going to Ireland. The world is exploding around us. You could end up in a third world war. And this guy's going to be in Ireland. And not having a news conference. He hasn't had a news conference, I guess, in months. I saw it today where I guess it just been. We can't. So if he doesn't run, if he's taken out by his own party or who knows what happens, but doesn't seem like he's capable of running again, who does run them? Well, obviously the one that they would talk about would be the vice president, Kamala. That would be the one that they talk about. But I don't think she's performed well on the big stage. I mean, maybe I'm wrong. But there is a certain group of people that will go crazy if it's not her. They're going to be very angry if it's not her. That's a problem. You have a very ambitious guy in California, but he's done a terrible job with the state. I used to get along great with him. You know, when I was president, head along. You know, got along really good. Gavin. Well, you got along with Gavin Newsom. I did. I really did. He was always very nice to me. Said the greatest things. He would say things like he's doing a great job. Oh, he was very nice. About you? About me. That's why I could never hit him because he was so nice to me. It's just laying in weight, right? But I could, you know, he was very nice to me and relatively speaking, some of them weren't. We did a good job for the governors. But they talk about him. They talk about some others. I just don't see Biden doing it from a physical or a mental standpoint. I don't see it. But it's been a crazy period of time in the world of politics. But he's surrounded by people. You know, they expected Bernie to win. Now, Bernie's older than Biden. Whether you like him or not, he's sharp. I watched him being interviewed the other day. He's 100% sharp. He hasn't lost much if anything. Bernie Sanders. But, you know, he's older. So it's not an age thing. I just don't see him. So they're trying to prevent you from making it to the general election by tying you up in lawsuits charging you with crimes. You've described the process. The old Soviet process. The old Soviet process. And you've described it as illegitimate. If this goes to trial and you get convicted, like, how would you respond to the middle of a presidential campaign? How would you... Well, it's so off, a statute of limitations, or years off. It's hard to believe, you know? Usually, when you have something like this, the Democrats say, oh, he's terrible guilty. The Democrats have even said, I'm innocent. I watched some of these. I think it was Andrew McCabe, the FBI guy who had fired. He came out. He said, they've got no case. They've all come out and said it. And then you've had Andrew McCarthy. You've had Jonathan Terriley, Greg Jarrett, Dershoots, all of them. Everybody, like... And they're down the middle people. They see it. They say, there's no crime. There's no... There's no anything. Think of a Tucker. I've been through seven years of bull... Investigations, seven years. They've looked at... I have a very big company, much bigger than they understand. In fact, when they finally got my taxes, they said, whoa. You know, they took them years to get the taxes. They got them, that was the last you ever heard. You never heard one thing about them. But took them years to get them. Because they shouldn't be looking at my taxes. I was surprised at Supreme Court game. They shouldn't be looking at people. That's sort of another one of the tenants. You don't do that. But I didn't care that much. I just, on principle, I thought them. And they looked... I built a great company. When you do the things that I do, and you employ thousands and thousands of people over the years, just thousands... We've done a great job. And then I ran for president. People were surprised that I won. But I used to see these rallies. And I'll tell you the rallies are bigger now that the enthusiasm is more now than I've ever seen. Than I've ever seen. So what do you think since your poll numbers have risen consistently since they raided this place, Mar-a-Lago? Well, before they raided this, they were going up substantially before they'd simply moved. Since then, they've really been going up. So how do you think your opponents will respond? I don't know how... We have two opponents. We have a primary opponent. We have a general election opponent. I mean, the Democratic Party using illegal systems. Well, what they're doing is they're finding... And I think of this... They say 11 million pages, but whatever it is through all of these Democrats' investigations. I had the Mullah Hoax. I had impeachment Hoax number one. Impeachment Hoax number two. Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine, Russia, Russia, Russia. You knew the Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia. I got that whole term from you, Russia. You'd be screaming at it. It's like, that's a comedian. But you remember that whole period of time. Well, it turned out to be a total fake. But think of this. I tell the story very seldom, because it's a sad story. So the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax was made up by Crooked Hillary Clinton. Adam Schiff, the DNC, the Democrat Party. The dossier is a total fake thing. We're suing them now, as you know, on that. We're suing them a lot, because unfortunately, Bill Barton had the courage to do what he should have done. He should have done. He was so afraid of being impeached. So I have to do it civilly. I have to sue people. Justice Department should have done. Because these are criminals. But think of this. So you have all of these millions and millions of pages. And they get you on a non-disclosure agreement? I mean, big numbers, billions and billions of dollars. And they get you on a perfect non-disclosure agreement, where they get you on nothing. A friend of mine is a big business guy. I said, you have to be the most honest guy in the world. Because with all of those numbers that you have and those big numbers, they don't have anything. And you have to see, take a look at the people I just mentioned. Look, read what they said. There was no crime. In fact, a lot of people saying he indicted somebody. There's no crime. That's illegal to do. You know what he did. So I don't see it going. I mean, we'll have to see. So but just to bottom line it, they, I mean, the purpose of this is to keep you out of the presidential race. If I weren't running, or if I had bad poll numbers, let's say. Right. And again, remember, the Democrats are the party of disinformation. If they want you to run, if they want to run against somebody, they're going to go the opposite. For instance, they don't want to run against me. And now I just gave you a poll. I'm nine points up on Biden. But they're the party of disinformation. So what they say is, oh, we want to run against Trump. Now they always do that. You know, they do that. And other people would do it. But they do it pretty much better than others. Is there anything they could throw it illegally that would convince you to drop out of the race? Have you get convicted in this case in New York? No, I never drop out. No, I never drop something. I think I wouldn't do it. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens. Stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.