 Glenn Greenwald is host of System Update on Rumble. He joins us tonight to assess this. Glenn, thanks for coming on. For the second time that we know of, the Biden administration has shut down any attempt to reach a brokerage ceasefire. What do you think that is? From the very beginning, it's been clear that the U.S. wants his word to continue and wants to go on for as long as possible, because they have no interest in protecting Ukraine. They instead want to sacrifice Ukraine, have Ukraine destroyed in order to advance what they think is the United States political interest, geopolitical interest of weakening Russia. And the way to do that is to use Ukraine as a pawn, kill as many Ukrainians as possible, destroy their whole country if they have to, in order to prolong the war as long as possible. And the response of the U.S. government and his defenders has been, we don't have any position about when the war ends. That's completely up to the Ukrainians. When they want to end the war, they can end the war if they don't will support them. And the lie just got revealed. If you listen to what John Kirby said, they asked him, are the Ukrainians willing to have a ceasefire? And he said, not only won't they, we won't allow it either. Essentially admitting finally what's long been obvious of the country funding the war, providing the arms for the war, which is the United States determines if and when the war ends. And we obviously don't want that word end. How are people who are pushing for the sacrifice of more Ukrainian and Russian children for whatever it's worth? How did they seize the moral high ground in this conversation, their monsters? How do they allow to lecture the rest of us about human rights? So there's a propaganda narrative from the beginning that the Ukrainians are feisty courageous and are fighting for their own country and we understand by their side. The reality is the complete opposite. The Ukrainians do not want this war to continue. Zelensky is not using a voluntary army. He's using a conscript army. He is drafting these people who are unwind to fight and has repeatedly in the last four months on three occasions increased the punishments for desertion or for people who are otherwise rebelling against this war because the Ukrainians know that they're being used as cannon fodder for the interest of other people around the world. So it's a conscript army. They're forcing these Ukrainians to go and die in huge numbers for things that are not in their interests. It's to negotiate with the Russians over an agreement that will allow Ukraine to keep the parts of their country that want to be ruled by Kiev and it's the United States and Great Britain that are blocking it purely for our own interests. Yeah, and then they're lecturing you. Right. Glenn Greenmold, I appreciate it. Thank you so much for that analysis. That analysis. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.