 So, castrate your children. That is the message. And some people, bewilderingly, are following that. There has been a huge surge of young people being castrated in the name of transgenderism. Reuters recently reported that in the past few years, 56 miners between the ages of 13 to 17 have undergone genital mutilation in clinics around the country. 776 miners have undergone mastectomies having their breast cut off. And more than 14,000 have been poisoned with hormone treatment, which will, in a lot of cases, sterilize them for life, cause them osteoporosis and other problems. So, obviously, this is a very dark moment in our history of civilized country, we would not put up with that. Hungary has a child protection act, which prevents any of this crap from going on, children from being sexualized. And because it has taken a stand against sexualizing children, Hungary is being sued by over a dozen EU member states. Blasch Orbin is the political director for Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban, one of the smartest people he ever talked about politics, and he joins us tonight. Blasch, thank you so much for coming on. So, you are taking an unpopular position that I think will be vindicated by history. You personally have vindicated by history, but right now it's got to be hard. Why are you sticking to your position in Hungary? Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much, Tucker, for the nice words, and thank you for having me. Well, actually, the whole story started around 2021 when we in Hungary started to realize that something is coming. It's like a storm, which is coming, the Volk ideology, LGBTQ propaganda is arriving to Hungary, to schools, through media, and through NGOs. And you can imagine how a grassroots, normal Hungarian citizen reacted on that. We don't have the word, Volk, in Hungarian. People were asking, what are you talking about? Volk is that the French magazine or what? But then they started to realize that this is, you know, this is something serious. And when we introduced the child protection bill, which bans transgenderism and the LGBTQ propaganda for minors, then the whole Brazilian, blue, Christian, European Union were going against us. Then we decided to turn towards the people, and we organized a national referendum, and almost four million people said no to gender propaganda and said yes to child protection. Low, it's compared to the size of America, it would mean almost 130 million supportive votes. But then as it happens, the empire strikes back, and the Brazilians deep state, it's very similar to the DC one. It's started a legal persecution against Hungary, which is backed by many Western European countries. Eastern European countries think differently, but there is an ongoing, really political and legal court work. But we try to keep the fronts up. So it sounds like you're not going to back down? No, definitely not. And you know, the Hungarian people are, the Hungarian people are behind us. So this is their expectation. This is, you know, my job is not to be popular among the Brazilians and the leaders, but to represent the interests of my people and Brazilians. This is why we have no other chance there just to take the battle. You anticipated my question amazingly. I was going to ask, does the public support this? So just to be really clear in closing, a democracy is a government that represents the will of its people. You're often called a dictatorship. But this policy reflects what Hungarians want, just to be clear. Is that right? True. True. This is what Hungarian wants. It's out of question. And if the media, the state, the big powers are against you, your only backing is the support of the people. We are very grateful for that one. And we have to serve them. Yeah. So if cement the power doesn't like it, your dictator should have right. I got the terms. Yeah. Yeah. If you are not with us, then you are a dictatorship. This is how this foreign policy looks like. USAID immediately launched a central European program. She visited our country and they really are ready to enlighten us. Yeah. I would keep her out of your country if I were you. Blaschorovan coming from one of the last democracies in the West, Hungary. Thanks so much for coming on to the world. Thank you very much. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.