 So, the destruction of the Nord Stream pipeline, the natural gas pipeline that carried, well, natural gas from East to West Europe, was the single most profound act of environmental terrorism in history. It released more deadly CO2 into the atmosphere. It was also an attack on our NATO allies. Our NATO allies were the beneficiaries of the natural gas pipeline Germany, which is the core of European NATO, suffered. So, the Biden administration was talking about how much it loves NATO, attack NATO, and they did it. They promised to carry it out. They haven't really denied that they did it. So, during interview with Donald Trump yesterday, we thought we'd ask, who does he think did it? We previewed the answer last night. Here's the full exchange. Who blew up the Nord Stream pipeline? I don't want to get our country in trouble, so I won't answer it. But I can tell you who it wasn't, was Russia. How about when they blamed Russia? You know, they said Russia blew up their own pipeline. You got to kick out of that one, too. It wasn't Russia. So I won't answer the question only because I don't want to get our country any deeper than they already are. But it sort of all starts. We have the most incredible equipment. I rebuilt our whole military. We have things that are, you can do anything. We're equipped to do anything, but I refuse to say it because I want our country to be pristine. But it was, you know, in many ways blowing it up was very bad because it really created a lot of problems for Europe in terms of the cost of energy. But they shouldn't have ever been. I had that pipeline stop. Nord Stream too. I had it stopped. Totally stopped. When Biden came in, he approved it and they immediately started the finishing action. I had Nord Stream because I said, for Germany and Europe to get their energy from Russia, that was when I said I sent Angela Merkel. At the flag, I said to the white flag of surrender. She said, but why do you do that? I said, you've been fighting Russia for many years. If you ever have to fight with Russia and they control energy, you might as well just take the white flag of surrender. That's what I did. So that was blown up and very dangerous to do it. But I think most people know who did it. So once we start blowing up other people's critical infrastructure is there at concern ours could get blown up in return? Well, I think it's much more than infrastructure you're talking about. Look, we could end up in World War III over this whole thing. Forget about pipeline. We are closer. I believe it's the most dangerous period of time in history. Number one, because we have people on top that are incompetent. That's number one. And again, China is fine if you know how to deal. Russia, if you know how to deal. Russia wasn't going into Ukraine with me. China wasn't going into Taiwan with me. I mean, now all you see is China, we ship so over to a place and sending airplanes and bombers. That wasn't happening with me. He knew you can't do it. And also Russia knew you can't do it. They would have never done it the most dangerous period of time because of weaponry, because of nuclear, because of weaponry. The most dangerous period of time in the history of our country and in the history of the world right now. And we have an incompetent person at the top.