 Good evening and welcome to Tucker Carlson. Tonight there is a verdict in that very depressing but also Byzantine and interesting murder trial in South Carolina tonight. I've got a judge you need in a moment to take us through exactly what happened and what happens next. But first you always imagine in your mind's eye that it's evil men who destroy society wild eyed, spit-flect dictators pounding the podium to demand the annihilation of their enemies. That's the Hollywood version of it. But in real life people like that really get very far. They're too obvious. It's not the cartoon demons you've got to worry about. It's weak men in positions of power. They're the most dangerous. Men with no principles but the desire for self-preservation. Hollow men who live in terror of being revealed for who they really are. Men who will do anything to save themselves. That's who you should be afraid of. And you can see that in our current moment. The weakest are the most destructive. How much of his childhood do you think Adam Kinzinger spent hanging from the wedgie nail? How many swirlies did Eric Swalwell endure in high school? How old was Adam Schiff before a girl other than his sister kissed him voluntarily? It makes you a shudder to think about it. These are sad, insecure, broken men filled with envy and bitterness from their lonely childhoods. They hate you because they hate themselves. It's not their masculinity that's toxic. It's their lack of it. That's really the story of the Biden administration. The weakest president in history joined forces with the weakest attorney general in history to create a police state. Shocking? Well, once you understand the principle, it shouldn't really surprise you. And it's funny now to remember that the smart people in Washington once told us that Merrick Garland was a moderate. They thought that apparently because when Garland's promise to Prem Corksy didn't materialize, he cried. Oh, he's crying, they thought. He's so sensitive and thoughtful. But no. Merrick Garland was crying for himself because he is a self-pitying careerist with no perspective on his own life whose job is everything to him. He is in other words literally the last person you would ever put in charge of the Department of Justice. So naturally Joe Biden did. And that turned out to be a pivotal decision. Merrick Garland has presided over the most aggressive attack on civil liberties and in particular an attack on the practice of traditional Christianity that any living American has seen. Now, Garland would never say that in public, of course, that would be too straightforward. His approach is feline, not canine, every word is a weasel word. But under sustained questioning, the real Merrick Garland emerges and it is filthy and dishonest. He was in the Senate yesterday facing off against Mike Lee of Utah. DOJ has announced charges against 34 individuals for blocking access to or vandalizing abortion clinics. And there have been over 81 reported attacks on pregnancy centers, 130 attacks on Catholic churches since the leak of the DOBS decision and only two individuals have been charged. So how do you explain this disparity? We apply the law equally. I will say you are quite right. There are many more prosecutions with respect to the blocking of the abortion centers. But that is generally because those actions are taken with photography at the time during the daylight and seeing the person who did it is quite easy. Those who are attacking the pregnancy resources centers, which is a hard thing to do, are doing this at night in the dark. In case you didn't follow that, we quote, apply the law equally. We just can't for some reason manage to investigate crimes that occur after dark. It is the sundown rule, well known in legal circles. It is hard to believe that Merrick Garland actually said that in a Senate hearing until you remember that of course he will say anything and he does. We are not persecuting Christians, they will tell you. Then he will send the FBI aftermarked Howeck. Howeck is a pro-life lay preacher who is praying outside an abortion clinic when a pro-abortion extremist harassed his 12 year old son. So is any father would, how shove the man out of his son's face. That's what happened. It was not a crime. We know that because no local prosecutor pursued it. And it is certainly without question not a federal felony to push a lunatic out of your 12 year old son's face. But under Merrick Garland it is now a felony. Next year after that happened Garland sent armed men to arrest Merrick Howeck in front of his family. On September 23rd about 6.45 in the morning that when those 20 so called agents full swat gear, heavily armored vest, ballistic shields, helmets, battering ram, banged on my door. Yesterday Josh Hawley asked Garland to explain that behavior, the utterly indefensible totalitarian behavior in Merrick Garland of course in his soft spoken way, was delighted to defend it. Well let's take a look at the hardened criminals that your Justice Department sent these armed agents to go terrorize on that morning. Here they are. Here they are at mass. Here's the seven children with Mr. Howeck and his wife. He has offered to turn himself in and this is who you go to terrorize. You are the attorney general. Give me your answer. Do you think that it was objectively reasonable and they followed your guidelines in sending 20 to 30 armed agents to terrorize these people? Yes or no? The facts I have which are those presented by the FBI are not consistent with your description. So you think it was reasonable? I'm saying the facts are not as you describe. You use an unbelievable show of force with guns that I just note liberals usually decry. We're supposed to hate long guns and assault style weapons. You're happy to deploy them against Catholics and innocent children. He doesn't care. He's got no soul obviously. And if anything Josh Hawley's description is too narrow. It's not just Catholics that Merrick Garland has targeted with force. Does anybody who expresses a belief in biblical Christianity in public? But it is true that Catholics do seem to be getting a disproportionate share of federal law enforcement attention under Joe Biden. The FBI as you may know, just drafted a memo claiming that radical traditional Catholics are somehow a national security threat, presumably because they tend to pray outside of abortion clinics. In March of 2021 Paul Vaughn and 10 others were peacefully praying at an abortion clinic in Tennessee. They didn't damage any property. They hurt no one. More than a year after they dared to do that to pray, Merrick Garland sent the FBI to terrorize Vaughn and his 11 children at their home. I'm bad if you're not going to let me then I'll just... No, I want to know why you were banging on my door with a gun. Hey. You're doing this? Hey, let's go after it. All right, you're not going to tell me anything. No, do not. I tried. No, you did it. You did not try. You have to wonder when you see a tape like that, where's so-called Christian leaders? Where's Russell Moore and all the other breastfeeding Christians as that happens, as the US government cracks down on Christianity on prayer. Silent. Paul Vaughn and his co-conspirators now face more than a decade in prison. Meanwhile, just in case you want to know what the scale is for punishment, the Department of Justice under Joe Biden let half the writers go who tried to torch a courthouse in Oregon. No charges whatsoever. Of 99 cases that the Portland US Attorney brought over that courthouse siege for crimes like assaulting federal officers in civil disorder. More than 47 were dropped by DOJ, the most serious penalties for most of the defendants who pleaded guilty turned out to be community service. So the DOJ under American are absolves Joe Biden voters of actual terrorism while doing everything they can to terrify, humiliate and destroy people who pray in public. They're targeting specifically anyone who is religious, humiliating them in front of their children. Now, why are they doing this? Well, because on some level all governments hate religious people because it's competition and revolutionary governments to tellitarian governments go after religious people first. It happened in the French Revolution, happened in the Bolshevik Revolution, and it's happening now. That's why parents who dare to complain about their children being sexually indoctrinated and openly sexualized are attacked in some cases by the DOJ. Again, you can see why. Some people raised to believe that God is in charge are much harder for the government to control as they grow up. They won't worship the government. But by contrast, if a child is raised to be a narcissist, someone who thinks, well, I can change my gender, he will grow up confused, weak and reliant on the people in charge of the state. It's a very simple principle. It's why the Maoist government went after Tibetan monks. Anyone who sincerely believes in God is a threat. That is the measure of a free country in the end. Are you allowed to believe that there's an authority higher than the people in charge of your government? That has always been the hallmark of America, religious liberty. It's in the first amendment. But in Canada, of course, that's all disappeared. Canada has now become an atheist totalitarian state with amazing speed. And in Canada, it's now a crime to object to sexualized drag shows for children. Not a lot of say it worked. The day last month, a pastor in Calgary was violently thrown out of an all-ages known as for children, drag queen story hour for daring to object to the sexualization of children. Watch this. We're now calling the police. We have the police coming. These are what is your persuasion to view or to view the police. So that's the video. That's what happened. Who committed the violence in that video? The guy in the ground was the pastor. Before we answer the question, some context will remind you that in Canada, showing any disloyalty at all to the Tredo government could get your bank account frozen and your truck seized. So maybe you're not surprised to learn that that man on the ground, his name is Pastor Derek Riemer, who showed profound disrespect for Justin Tredo's ongoing efforts to sexualize children and mediate the genitals of children, woke up yesterday to the police banging on his door and telling him he was going to be arrested. Why is he running up on my home? Because this is where you live. Right? Yeah, you guys could call me a week. So what was that? You could have called me. I've been trying to. Oh, when? This morning. We just talked about what happened on the weekend of the season, right? Why do we need to talk about it? Because you're going to be arrested for it and charged. Okay. So we can do it this morning? Or I can just put the warrant out for you? I'm sorry, Jeth. I'm sorry. Mr. Jeff in closing the service. Where are all the professional Christians? You have to wonder that again. Where's David Franschen, Beth Moore and Tim Keller and all these people who are defending Christianity as actual Christians are being arrested for being Christians? Hmm. Not a word. Well today, Pastor Derek Riemer confirmed that a warrant was out for his arrest for hate crimes. And he was right about that. So I didn't understand it, because this afternoon, he was literally arrested. Why? I'm sorry. I was just going. I wasn't on the side of this. I didn't see that. I didn't see that. I didn't see that. I just went to the side of the road. And he said I'm losing pocket money. So you're reason you're blocking me from using the side structure. They're working here. I'm not going to obstruct them. I'm not going to obstruct them. Don't worry. I'm not going to run. I'm going to reload you. We're just going to stay out of that workspace. I'm not going to run. I'm going to reload you. We're just going to stay out of that workspace. You might have asked you what he's being arrested for. You're going to provide your identification. Pardon? Will you provide your ID? It's for you to answer the question. Yeah. Okay. Why is he being arrested? He has warrants. Warrants out for his arrest. This is what happens when we go against the Drake? Wow. That doesn't look like the Canada you thought you knew. All Moulson and sled dogs are some stormtrooper and sunglasses want to answer a question before you provide your ID. And then the pastor sitting in a car with bars on the windows getting hauled away to jail for being thrown to the ground at Drag Queen Story Hour. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.