 Vince Colonies is a radio host in Washington DC, a very popular one deservedly so. And he joins us tonight to assess NPR. Now you live in Washington, you report on it on the radio. Um, was there ever a question in your mind that this was state media? Not at all. My, our mutual buddy Chris Plank calls them a national panhandler radio appropriately. Uh, NPR and you know what's amazing about this? They're trying to prove that they're not state media and they're relying on everyone who's funded by the state in order to make that defense. So Karin John Pierre stands there at the White House press briefing and says NPR is so independent. She gives a brave heart style speech, the testing to their independence. Do you think she would ever do that for Simon Atiba? Like not, not a million years. No, not a million years. Of course, it's for NPR. NPR cited Yol Roth, the former head of censorship at Twitter as a guy who said that they shouldn't be labeled state affiliate and media. Yol Roth and Twitter at the time were making millions of dollars from the federal government to censor the American public. These are all completely biased people. And, and one last big thing that I noticed about this Tucker, they say in all of their defenses, well, only one percent of our funding, less than one percent comes from the federal government. Even that is deception. Even that is a lie. NPR is a content organization. The thousand member stations that they send content to all pay fees to NPR. That's where they get their money from. That's right. The federal, state, and local governments. As much as 23 percent of all of their funding comes from there, we're talking hundreds of millions of dollars. And here they are playing a shell game and the only type of organization that plays that kind of deceptive shell game. Not a news organization. One that is running a political operation on behalf of the government. It's totally right. NPR is repulsive, but not quite as repulsive as its listeners. The most privileged people in the world demanding welfare from the rest of us. Vince Colonies, who is on commercial radio, not working for the state. Appreciate seeing you tonight. Thank you. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.