 So we haven't watched a ton of cable news recently, but we assumed with mass layoffs underway across the U.S. economy and egg shortage, crumbling cities, the prospect of a third-world war looming on the air horizon. We assumed we knew what the other channels would be covering, because there are an awful lot of threats out there. What we didn't know until we tuned into MSNBC and CNN the other day was that all of those threats go by a single name, and that name is Mr. George Santos, George Santos. Weeks into his new job as a freshman member of Congress, and just months from his previous life of near total anonymity, George Santos has somehow transformed in the single most dangerous and historically significant figure on the global stage today. George Santos is like 9-11 in human form. Nothing will ever be the same now that George Santos is here. You'll never forget the moment you first saw George Santos. Where were you when George Santos was elected? It's a story you will tell your grandchildren. Watch. On Capitol Hill, this is George Santos' reality. It seems almost every day. There are new questions about the freshman congressman's past, some stretching back more than a decade. Can you keep up with all the Santos allies and controversies? He is now outtrumping in terms of flooding the zone with excrement. Not just saying that he played volleyball, but he had a scholarship that he slayed teams from Harvard and Yale. The perfect portrayal of self-loathing that he clearly is so disgusted with himself and so disgusted with the life that he's led, a life of lies, a life of fables. People didn't decide because they thought he was somebody totally, totally different. It was a lie and a fraudulent election. He has to reason. Not a volleyball champion, and he doesn't appear to be a champion of the people either. The voters did not elect you, Mr. Santos. They elected a version of you invented by your imagination. Sadly, George Santos represents so much that is wrong today. Lies, denial, and the death of shame. It was a stolen election. It was a stolen election. You heard Adam Kinsey Gerset and CNN filled in the blanks. It's not just that George Santos claimed that he once played volleyball in college. He played volleyball in college. It's worse than that, indescribably worse. George Santos told other people, out loud and CNN can exclusively confirm this, that he had a volleyball scholarship, perhaps the most coveted credential in collegiate sports. But he didn't. It was all a facade. It was a tissue of lies constructed to deceive the American people. There was no volleyball scholarship. There was not a single dollar of volleyball scholarship. George Santos made it all up out of whole cloth, out of thin air. George Santos is an ersatz volleyball player, a fraud, a ghoul. People voted for this man believing he had played collegiate volleyball on a scholarship and he hadn't. And yet tonight, ladies and gentlemen, this thief of volleyball glory strides the halls of the United States Congress unimpeded by law enforcement. It's like another insurrection. And by the way, we are hearing tonight. We can't confirm this, but we're continuing our investigation in George Santos. There were reports tonight that he did not actually work at Citibank. He did not work at Citibank. No volleyball scholarship never worked at Citibank. What percentage of the people who voted for George Santos under false pretenses would have done so had they known. He never played volleyball and never worked at Citibank. We can only guess obviously a very small percentage. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.