 Glenn Greenwald has been following all of this. He's host of System Update on Rumble, and he joins us tonight. Glenn, thank you so much for coming on. Never thought that we would be in this position. We've criticized TikTok pretty consistently for a number of years now. And certainly the government of China. But this does seem like an effort to make us more like China, not an effort to push back against China. There's so many ironies here. First of all, it's kind of astonishing. And I've watched the Republican Party over the last two or three years with my support. Be very concerned, increasingly so, about the ability of the U.S. government to control what it is that we hear and see and can do on the internet. That's what the Twitter files were about. That's what all kinds of controversies were about concerning the 2016 and 2020 election. And now the Republican Party, along with the Democratic Party, wants to give to the Biden administration an extraordinary power, which is to ban social media platforms that Americans are choosing to use. 150 million Americans choose to use TikTok. Maybe we should educate them not to. No one's forcing them to. Some are children. Many are adults. You showed some of those. That is an extraordinary power. And what is really ironic about it as well is that for years, China and Iran and Russia were accused of being despotic because they wanted to ban Google and Facebook and other U.S. tech companies and did so based on many of these same claims. Those companies are really just propagating, I propagandizing our citizenry. They're corrupting our country and destabilizing us. They're spying on us. And so, as you say, in the name of warding off China and fighting China, the government is now about to embrace powers that the Chinese government itself has long wielded to control the flow of information in their countries. And at the very least, I think we ought to think about why this is happening. Yeah, I think you may be one of the only people saying this who's not taking money from China in order to say it. And one of the reasons we're so grateful to you, Kim, is because we know that you are speaking in good faith and it's worth considering. And thank you for raising these questions for us, thank Glenn Greenwald. A great man. Appreciate it. Thanks, Tiger. Box News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.