 Here's a pretty great story, not many of them. We search high and low to find them. So last month, people driving through Patterson and Jersey noticed something weird. Seven sheep were wandering around. They just escaped a slaughterhouse. Police laid around it all the sheep up. Sheeper not allowed to wander on the highway in Patterson. And here's the happy ending. These sheep are not going back to the slaughterhouse, kind of like when the hangman's rope breaks. You're free. So the sheep are now at these Skylands Animal Sanctuary in Sussex County, Jersey. John DeCando is an animal control officer. Mike Sturra is the founder of Skylands Sanctuary Animal Rescue, and they join us tonight. Well, thank you guys so much for coming. So officer first to you, if you would, what did you see? What were these sheep doing when you apprehended them? Tucker was around, baby around 6 o'clock in the morning. 9-1-1 calls were coming in. The Patterson Police Department. That were sheep running around in town. And we got there. It was unbelievable. We had three sheep trapped in one place. One sheep was down by Duncan Donuts. And the other one was down by Stevie Matrus. And it wasn't easy getting them, because they waited about 200 pounds each. But once they escaped from the slaughterhouse, they're not ever going back there. They're going to the sanctuary. We end up getting two sheep. We put them back at two police cars. And we escort them to the animal shelter. And lights and sirens all the way up to the shelter and we came back. And we rescued the other ones. And you had to see it. It was something unbelievable. Well, if I could just really quickly single out the sheep at Duncan Donuts for a second, what did he order? I think it was a, I don't know, probably cream light one sugar and probably a bagel. Yeah, I'm thinking crawlers, but I'm not surprised. Mike, you're a good man to take these sheep. They're rescued. What's their life going to look like now? Well, Tucker, they, well, you're looking at it. This is our sheep barn. And they have a big field up here. And they get to live their life out. Hopefully, you know, pass away from a whole day, a long time from now. Yeah, they do whatever they want. Do they have any sense? Do you think of how lucky they are comparing their lives to their compatriots back at the abattoir? I mean, they're pretty fortunate sheep. I'll tell you, they pay attention better than we think. They've only been here a couple of days. And we just got to be OK to let them in with some of our other sheep here. And you can see already how much they've calmed down. They know that they're safe now. Or at least, they, you know, it's the way the others sheep treat us, you know, the way they come right up to us and all that. These guys learn that from, you know, from them. Really quick. You can offer for others for sheep watching this show tonight. Any sense of how these guys get out of the slaughterhouse? Well, I don't know what happened, but they probably opened up a truck. And the guy wasn't watching what he was doing. And the sheep said, probably, now or never. And once I get them, they're going by Mike. Absolutely. And you guys are so free. You're making me proud to be American. And it's such an important point. You see an opportunity, you take it. You can wind up with Mike. Thank you. Great to see you both. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.