 So last night we talked to a lawyer who represented January 6th defendant Jacob Chancely, the so-called QAnon Shaman. The lawyer told us that the government, the prosecutors in this case, in violation of the Constitution, hid expulpatory evidence from him and the defense in order to send Jacob Chancely to prison for four years, where he is tonight. Now we should do that evidence this week. It's surveillance footage that shows federal officers leading Jacob Chancely around the Capitol like tour guides. At one point they even opened the door of the hollowed senate chamber for him and usher him in. So the tape proves conclusively that Jacob Chancely used every action inside the building was videotaped committed no felony. And the government hid that fact. And because they did, the media were allowed to paint Jacob Chancely as a dangerous terrorist who deserved to be killed. I think the most amazing thing about the whole thing is watching the video. And on the senate floor there's a cop who's armed and a guy burps in the QAnon Shaman, dressed like a Viking, and he basically talks to him. I'm watching. Shoot him. Shoot him. Like if you burps in to the United States, if he was dressed like Ben Laden, would he have shot him? Imagine if they said that about someone you loved. Well now we know that the Biden administration created that perception that this man should be killed and then broke the law specifically to destroy the life of American citizen, Naval veteran Jacob Chancely. Again, remains in prison tonight. The question is what happens next? Martha Chancely is Jacob Chancely's mother. William Shipley is his attorney and they join us tonight. Martha Chancely, thank you so much. First to you, what's it like? What has it been like for the last 26 months to see people like Steve Schmid of the Lincoln Project on television calling for the killing of your son? What has it been like? That's, it's an awful thing to say. That's, it's horrible. I can't even, honestly, I can't even imagine even saying that for somebody who just walked through open doors. Yes. How does it feel to know that the U.S. government, the Biden administration, hid this evidence and on the basis of that lie and crime sent your son to prison for years? It's upsetting. It's upsetting. It should have come out two years ago. That should have come out two years ago. He's an innocent man, everything that he said that he did is true. That he walked through open doors. He was escorted through the halls and the Senate. And part of the reason why he was escorted was because he volunteered to help them. He said that he saw people in the Senate and that he wanted to help them in any way he could. And that's why part of the reason why he was let around. It's very obvious. Mr. Shippee, thank you for joining us tonight. So this show confirms today. And thank you. Well, of course, we've confirmed today that the Capitol Police turned over all the video, including the video you just saw of Jacob Chancer, your client, to the FBI right after January 6th. So the FBI had this videotape and they withheld it from his initial lawyer in his defense. How is he still in prison tonight? That's a great question. Sorry, am I supposed to say or as? No, I was just asking the attorney here as a legal matter. How is your son still behind bars? Well, Jake did not have a lot of post-conviction options. The plea agreement that Albert Watkins talked him into signing waived all his appeal rights. So he had no opportunity to go to the circuit court of appeals to raise any issues connected to his conviction. So he had limited rights to challenge the performance of Albert Watkins' lawyer. When I came into the case, that's the first subject I began discussing with him was my criticisms of what Watkins talked him into doing. His terrible plea agreement. It was an unconscionable plea agreement. I've done this for 35 years. I recognized it immediately. What Watkins had done wrong. I've never seen a lawyer who had been guilty before the government was even willing to say it had produced all the video. The government in August of 2021 was still telling judges we haven't been able to get all of the evidence to defense lawyers so please don't set trial dates. Albert Watkins didn't care. He convinced his client to take the offer of the government and made him plea guilty. So he's in a little bit of a maustre. But now that we know that this was a travesty, I mean the people responsible for it should be punished. Liz Cheney should lose her job today as a professor at the University of Virginia. She knew this. She destroyed Amanda's life. But how do you get Jacob Cheney out of jail now? Well, we're looking at that. I'm not sure there's an easy solution. There's not an easy road to that to get the matter back in before Judge Lamberth and the district court here and to have him reconsider his sentence. In many ways it's procedurally barred. We're going to have to come up with a creative way to get it back before Judge Lamberth. Frankly, I think Judge Lamberth may be a little bit unhappy that the government presented some videos at the sentencing to paint Jacob in the worst possible light. The way they described him in court as the face of the insurrection, violent. And then, you know, Judge Lamberth, frankly, gave him the sentence that Albert Watkins negotiated. The sentence in the plea room, it was 41 to 51 months and Judge Lamberth gave him 41 months. But I don't think Judge Lamberth today probably thinks he saw everything he needed to see when he made that decision. Yeah, I mean this is just an open and shut travesty as far as I'm concerned. And Godspeed to both of you getting this unjustly convicted man out of jail. And I'm going to say that the answer to the chance will be shiply his attorney. Thank you both very much. Thank you Tucker. Thank you very much. I really appreciate you. Thank you.