 So, before the war in Ukraine even began, both Toria Newell and at the State Department, the number two at the State Department, and Joe Biden threatened to blow up the Nord Stream pipeline. Watch. I want to be clear with you today, if Russia invades Ukraine, one way or another, Nord Stream two will not move forward. If Russia invades, that means tanks or troops crossing the border of Ukraine again. Then there will be no longer a Nord Stream two. We will bring an end to it. How will you do that exactly since the project and control of the project is within Germany's control? We will, I promise you, we will be able to do it. So then the pipelines actually blew up. These pipelines that bring natural gas from Eastern Europe to Eastern Europe to keep the European economy going. And they exploded causing the single largest human-caused environmental disaster in all of history. And again, setting Europe on the road to actual poverty. So it was an unpopular event, and Joe Biden denied any responsibility. In fact, he blamed Russia. Joe Biden and his whole administration told us that somehow Russia, for reasons they never make clear just because their evil had sabotaged their own energy pipeline. Watch this. It was a deliberate act of sabotage, and now the Russians are pumping out disinformation lies. So that was in September, and it was obviously on the very first day, well, that's not true. It's not that Vladimir Putin is too good a person to blow up, Nord Stream, but like, why would he? It only hurts him. And by the way, it really hurts Western Europe. But a lot of media outlets repeated that lie, due to flee. That's what they do, and attacked us as Putin's doges for having questions about it. Well, we know a lot more now. There have been a number of official investigations of what happened, and not one has found any evidence of Russian involvement. And now we have the actual answer to what happened. Oh, the Biden administration did it. For real. Investing in a report is Seymour Hirsch, who's been around for more than 50 years, just wrote a piece on Substack that includes this, quote, last June, the Navy Diverse, U.S. Navy Diverse, operating under the cover of a widely publicized mid-Sumber NATO exercise, known as ball tops 22. Planted remotely-triggered explosives that three months later destroyed three of the foreign Nord Stream pipelines, according to a source with direct knowledge of the operational planning. Now, this piece continues. It's probably the most comprehensive news story you will read this year. Seymour Hirsch on Substack, you should read it. And it recounts in detail meetings with the National Security Advisor at the White House, where this was planned, exactly what explosives were used, how they were triggered by what aircraft on what day. So many details in here that it is not possible that it's not true. It is true. And in fact, no one in the high-level of the U.S. government is denying it with any specific. This even said the White House was just dismissing this utterly false, and no reporters are following up on this. It was amazing. Aaron Mate is following up on it. He's with the Grey Zone. He joins us tonight. Aaron, I don't remember the last time I saw a story this well reported. It wasn't in the New York Times Hirsch's former employer. They wouldn't have run it. But the fact that nobody at the White House briefing today even asked about this story makes me think we are becoming North Korea. Tucker, this is a case where you have the motive. The U.S. has long been trying to stop the Nord Stream 2, because as Sihersha's story points out, the U.S. has recognized that if Nord Stream 2 goes online, that will make it a lot more difficult for the U.S. to wage a proxy war against Russia, because Germany will not want to be on board with cutting off its source of cheap energy. So the U.S. found an answer to that problem. They blew it up. And it's interesting. Hirsch reports that the planning for this operation began in late 2021. And that's when Russian forces were massing on the border of Ukraine, and there was a threat of the invasion. What's happening? Russia in that same month of December 2021, when planning was underway at the White House to blow up Nord Stream 2. Russia also submitted draft treaties to the U.S. and NATO, laying out detailed proposals for the U.S. NATO to resolve their issues, to roll back NATO military infrastructure in states surrounding Russia. Now we know what happened to that, because the U.S. rejected it. Wouldn't even discuss the core issue of Ukraine not joining NATO. Instead, the U.S. chose to basically let the Russian invasion happen. And then when that happened, proceeded to engage in this operation to blow up Nord Stream 2. Most secret about their embrace of this, the day after the Nord Stream 2 was sabotaged, Anthony Blinken declared that this was a tremendous strategic opportunity. And most recently, you've covered this, Victoria Nuland testified in Congress that she is grateful, along with the White House, that the Nord Stream 2 is now a hulk of metal at the bottom of the sea. I mean, NATO is a coalition of European powers led by the United States. The United States just wrecked their economies. I don't see how NATO stays together after this. I don't, but I mean, what do I know? Aramate, I hope you'll come back. Thank you. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.