 So the Biden administration has made a practice now for over two years of picking federal judges based on the way they look, based instead of their competence. And the confirmation hearings for these judges are as painful as you would expect they would be. Kintaji Brown-Jackson famously said she can't define a woman, and yet she's among the Supreme Court. Another judicial nominee in Washington State couldn't explain what Article II of the Constitution is. It wants to be a federal judge. Then there's the latest, a guy called Kato Cruz, this Biden's nominee to a federal judge ship. How did he do in the hearings? Well, here's a clip. Tell me how you analyze a Brady motion. How I analyze a Brady motion? Yes. Senator, in my four and a half years on the bench, I'm not, don't believe I've had the occasion to address a Brady motion in my career. Do you know what a Brady motion is? Senator, in my time on the bench, I've not had occasion to address that, and so it's not coming to mind at the moment what a Brady motion is. Right. He later guessed it must have suddenly gone control because President Reagan's press secretary was called Brady, and he got shot and his wife became a gun control advocate. So this is not a small question to miss. The Brady that Senator Kennedy referred to emanates from the Supreme Court case that requires government to turn over exculpatory evidence to the defense. That's the core of our justice system. By the way, that's the rule that DOJ violated in hundreds of cases of January 6th defendants. This guy who wants to be a federal judge had no clue what it was. That's a deal-ender right there. No, you can't be a federal judge. Sorry. Go do something useful with your life. You can't be a judge. You probably will be. Ned Ryan is the CEO of America Majority. He joins us tonight. And Ryan, thanks so much. I don't know what is going on, but when they start, look, it's fine if you have flaky sociology professors or administrators, it's Stanford or whatever, who cares. But airline pilots, heart surgeons and federal judges, why are we allowing this? Well, I think this is the entire point for progressives. I mean, you have a judge that doesn't know Article II or Article V of the Constitution. This gentleman that doesn't know the Brady motion, the Brady rule. Again, as you pointed out, where hundreds, if not thousands of Americans, are being denied this basic right. Because of their political views. Well, there are a couple things going on here, Tucker. First, they are diversity hires. They're hoping to escape by on their skin or gender or sexual preferences. But it really does highlight that the Biden administration, whoever's actually running it, is putting up activists masquerading his judges because the whole point is to get more votes to rubber stamp the left's social and political agenda. But even more so, Tucker, as you think about progressives, they've always viewed the Constitution and the law as obstacles to be avoided. But even more so, maybe dismantled. So why would you even bother knowing about it? Because you're not going to pay attention to them anyway. And the whole point of progressivism from day one until today is to dismantle the original and ten of the Constitution, separation of powers and all these other things that were put in place by our founders, they don't care about them, they don't want them. So why should you bother with them? Because you're never going to implement them because there are more series of suggestions that you're trying to avoid. Well, here's why. Because if you don't have the rule of law and equal application of the law, you don't have civil rights. And I thought they were for civil rights. So I don't know why people like Lindsey Graham vote to confirm judges who don't know anything about the Constitution. Like what is this? Because from the very beginning, progressive statists have been the enemy of basic civil rights, of the rule of law, of property rights of all these things. And over the last hundred years, it's like their colors are coming out more and more, and it's getting harder and harder to hide that. But this has been the whole point of progressivism from day one, Tucker. They have no intention of any of these basic rights. Their goal is the administrative state. And quite frankly, ultimately, it's power, authoritarianism. And so the Constitution and the law are to be disregarded. They will make of them whatever they want them to be to achieve whatever they want. The point is not the original intent of the Constitution. The goal is not the rule of law. It's whatever they can make them to be to achieve what they want. And here we are. We're so mesmerized by watching them tear down our institutions. We don't think enough about what they're going to replace them with. And we should. Authoritarianism. Nebrien, exactly. Thank you so much. Thanks, Tucker. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.