 Conrad Aska was born in 1974 in the tiny Caribbean nation of Antiga, and by every account he was an outstanding person. Conrad was the leader of the family, said his brother. We all looked up to him. Aska was certainly a man of deep religious faith, and we know that because his final words, and the second before his death, were, quote, Lord, you now have my soul. Imagine saying that as your final sentence. But his death is a scandal. The reason he died is a scandal, and many in the aviation industry know about it, but it is never mentioned in public. So we thought we would tell you because there are lessons in his death for all of us who travel commercially. In February of 2019, Aska was the first officer piloting an Amazon Prime cargo jet for a contractor called Atlas Air, or flying a Boeing 767 as an approach to using the airport. Aska assumed full control of the plane. Seconds later, while attempting to apply the speed brakes to land, Aska accidentally pressed a switch that put the plane into go-around mode, and that gave the plane an unexpected jolt of thrust. In response to this unexpected jolt, Aska panicked. Instead of checking his instruments to figure out what was going on, he pushed down hard on the control, he pushed as hard as he could, and then the plane nose-dived through the clouds and right into the water. The plane was obliterated and impact to kill him, his co-pilot and another pilot who was just hitching a ride. So it was obvious from those facts alone that Conrad Aska, decent man though he was, should not have been in control of an airplane. And his personnel records confirm that strongly. Before he started flying 767s for Amazon and Atlas Air, he had been a pilot for seven different airlines, including Mesa Airlines. Several instructors at Mesa reported that Aska was often overwhelmed in the cockpit as he was on the day he died. One pilot later told the NTSB that in emergencies, Aska quote, became extremely anxious and would start pushing a lot of buttons without thinking about what he was pushing just to be doing something. To be clear, for a pilot that can be deadly and it was. Atlas Air says it was not aware of any of this when it hired Aska. But once he arrived at Atlas Air, Aska was so deficient in the simulator that all pilots have to train on, that the company had to restart simulator training just for him. All of his other classmates had graduated. Predictably in its final report into the Atlas Air crash, the NTSB cited as a cause of the deadly crash. Quote, systemic deficiencies in the aviation industry's selection and performance measurement practices, which failed to address the first officers aptitude related deficiencies and maladaptive stress response. By the way, those are things that all airlines and the military screen for and have since aviation began. And Aska's family lost their son and husband and brother knew that. And so they have gone on to file several lawsuits against Atlas Air and Amazon for gross negligence, specifically for putting this man in the cockpit despite his obvious inability to fly an airplane. So why was he flying an airplane? Well, in his specific case, we do not have a definitive answer, but it seems pretty obvious. Airlines like Atlas Air, in fact all the airlines, are doing their best to hire and retrain pilots on the basis of irrelevant criteria like their appearance. And your appearance to restate has nothing to do with your ability to fly an airplane or perform heart surgery or do anything. It's immaterial. But on their websites, both Amazon and Atlas Air, explain that quote, diversity is paramount in everything they do. Here's from the Atlas Air website quote, we leverage diversity, equity and inclusion, DEI as a business strategy and driver of innovation. We are guided by DEI philosophy. Oh, yes, well, apparently you are and look at the results. Amazon, of course, says the same thing. This is not an outlier. This is not just happening at Atlas Air. This is happening at every major carrier in the United States. Safety concerns ignored in favor of something called equity, hiring by appearance, not by ability. This is insane. And in this case, it killed three people. United Airlines has promised that 50% of their new trainees will be quote, women and minorities. Right, not the best pilots, but people who look a certain way. Well, as we told you, in December, a United Boeing 7, bound for San Francisco, came within seconds of hitting the ocean. It just dropped out of the sky. And the pilots who apparently were not properly trained or hired for the wrong reasons on the basis of irrelevant criteria were sent back to training. Thankfully, the hundreds of people on that plane survived. But this kind of thing is happening across the industry. Talk to anyone who works there. Talk to any working pilot right now. The airlines are in a mad scramble to meet equity targets, meaning they are pushing safety aside in favor of ideology. And people will die. People have died. It's going to happen again. This should stop. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.