 Good evening and welcome to Tucker Carlson tonight. One thing we have learned after many years in the news business is that every once in a while you've got to eat some crow and admit that despite your best intentions, you were completely wrong about something. Tonight is one of those times. For nearly four years now, we've been under the impression and impression we regularly communicated to you, our viewers, that actor Jesse Smollett was the greatest BS artist since Bill Clinton, that he was a transparent race hoaxer who fooled the dummies in the national media but could not fool us. That's what we thought. We thought Jesse Smollett was a liar. You remember his story? It did seem unlikely. Late one night in sub-zero temperatures in a snowstorm, Jesse Smollett decided to venture out for a sandwich in downtown Chicago when he was, as people are, accosted by two physically enormous Trump supporters from Africa who somehow recognized him despite his ski hat from his part in a little-known musical drama series called Empire because camping musical dramas are apparently huge with muscle-head Trump voters from Nigeria. So they knew him instantly. Right away. These two crazed African right wing maniacs also correctly guessed that Jesse Smollett had voted for Hillary Clinton and they hated that. And so as Trump voters so often do, they begin pummeling him about the face and screaming this is mega-country because that's one of the things people typically say about downtown Chicago. It's a mega-country. Then because they were still angry, they're always angry. These Nigerian racists poured bleach on Jesse Smollett through a noose around his neck and then ran off into the night howling with demented glee. You're so Jesse Smollett described it. And I see the attacker masked and he said, this mega-country punches me right in the face. I was just jumped and then I looked down and I see that there's a rope around my neck. Yeah. We're going to be honest with you. We had some questions about that story. It just didn't sound right to us. The thing was off. Crazed Nigerian Trump voters assaulting liberals in downtown Chicago? How common is this? Chicago has 50 alderman and not a single one of them is a Republican. Chicago has not had a Republican mayor in 80 years. Donald Trump got 12% of the vote in Chicago. It didn't really seem like mega-country. But boy, were we wrong. Not only is Chicago a right-wing Donald Trump stronghold. Last night the QAnon army came for Lori Lightfoot. Lightfoot of course is the mayor of Chicago and a consummate neoliberal. She's the one who prevented Chicago cops from chasing criminals on foot because chasing criminals is racist. She's the mayor who plunded Chicago even further into debt for a good cause to pay for the Department of Climate and Environmental Equity. And in fact, Lightfoot's commitment to equity is so profound that she banned white reporters from talking to her. She took down not one, but two statues of Christopher Columbus who was a racist. So you would think if anybody would be safe in Chicago, which is roughly 100% Democratic Party voters, it would be Lori Lightfoot. Oh, but no. According to Lori Lightfoot, the extreme mega-Republicans, the ones who tried to bleach jussies' small head, activated their sleeper cells around the city and they showed up at the polls on moss, which means lots of them at once. And the effect was to make Lori Lightfoot the first Chicago mayor in 40 years to lose reelection. As Lightfoot put it last night at her non-victory party, these mega-Republicans hated her not because of what she did, but because of who she is. Asked directly whether her defeat in the Democratic primary had been unfair, Lightfoot answered this way, quote, I'm a black woman in America. Of course. Now one of the many tragedies here and there are so many layers of tragedy is that Lori Lightfoot, insightful as she's always been, saw this racist insurgency coming for years. Here she was in 2021. Mayor in recent months, there have been questions raised about your temperament and your reaction to criticism, tribune editorial use the term irrascible. How much of this do you think might have to do with the fact that you're a woman, and specifically a black woman? About 95% of it. Yeah. Because the thing is there are no women in Chicago. It's an entirely male and right-wing city. And so all opposition to Lori Lightfoot derived from her race and gender. It's not that people were angry about violent crime in Chicago that never crossed her mind. Who? Here instead is her explanation from last night's concession speech. Obviously we didn't win the election today, but I stand here with my head held high and a heart full of gratitude. I'm grateful that we worked together to remove a record number of guns off our streets, reduce homicides, and started making real progress on public safety. Obviously you didn't win. That's true. You got spanked like the bad little mayor you were. But, according to the Chicago Police Department, we're also happy she was mayor because she made the city a lot better. Here's what the police said in the statement. Quote, over the past three years, robberies, burglaries, and thefts hit record lows in Chicago. It's of these crime categories so it decreases not seen for the last 50 years. Oh, it's a lot safer than it's ever been in 50 years. Hmm, is that true? Well, let's check the same police department's own statistics and here they are. From 2019 to 2023 in Chicago, robberies went up, not down, actually up 27%. Thaft, nearly 40%. Murder, kind of a significant category, 59%. How about motor vehicle theft? Is that up or down? Oh, it's up 270%. So if you'd average all that out, that means all crime is up 33%. There were 300 more murders by gunshot in 2021 than there were in 2019. There were 2,000 more shooting victims. There were 30% more overall shootings. So that's not a safer city, actually. That's a much more dangerous city that people are fleeing for their very lives. What's interesting is that the people in charge of making the police safer are still working to make it much more dangerous. The top prosecutor in the city, Laurie Lightfoot's ally Kim Fox, is rejecting thousands of felony cases every or just not prosecuting crimes. In 2022, for example, Chicago prosecutors had a total of 20,000 felony cases come in the door and out of those they rejected right out of hand, 2,000. They pursued out of 20,000 cases just 1900 to indictment, not to convicted to indictment, charging people. And those numbers are not an anomaly. They're similar for every other year of Laurie Lightfoot's historically disastrous tenure as mayor. And what's happening? What people are fleeing Chicago? As noted, because they don't want to get killed. And you can see that in the home prices, where are home prices highest in America? Of the 12 highest priced home markets in America, 9 or in Florida. Because people are fleeing there. The opposite is Drew of Chicago. The medium home price is less than the median home price in the country as a whole, in fashionable Chicago. The median home price in Chicago was $270,000. So who did this? Well, it was a group effort, but Laurie Lightfoot was the mayor, but it's not her fault. You know whose fault it is? Businesses and residents, pedestrians, they made themselves easy targets. Watch. They're not doing more to take safety and make it a priority. For example, we still have retailers that won't institute plans like having security officers in their stores, making sure that they've got cameras that are actually operational. Locking up their merchandise at night, chaining high in bags. These purses seem to be something that is attracting a lot of attention on these organized retail theft units. Wait, what? Did she just blame the stores for getting robbed? How is that different from saying, well, you're wearing a halter top? Of course you got raped. I mean, it's not different, actually. It's blaming the victim. It's disgusting. What was the last time you saw a mayor of a city blame crime victims for being victimized? Well, you just saw Laurie Lightfoot do it. So crime is no longer punished by and large in Chicago, unless you disrespect Laurie Lightfoot's authority. Ha, ha, ha. And in that case, you went straight to jail. Watch. Now, I've directed Superintendent Brown to order all police district to give special attention to these parties. And this is how it's going to be. We will shut you down. We will cite you. And if we need to, we will arrest you and we will take you to jail. Period. We will take you to jail. We'll arrest you and take you to jail. But if you shoot somebody, if you break Laurie Lightfoot's COVID law, but of course COVID law didn't apply to her because why would dictators follow their own edex? And so Laurie Lightfoot immediately broke the state's stay-at-home order to get a haircut and when she was busted getting her haircut, not a very good haircut, we'll have to say, she blamed, of course, everybody else. I'm the public face of the city. I'm on national media and I'm out in the public eye. And I'm a person who I take my personal hygiene very seriously. As I said, I felt like I needed to have a haircut. I'm not able to do that myself. And so I got a haircut. So now Laurie Lightfoot is gone. Who comes next? We have no idea we don't live in Chicago. We're not even going to speculate on the state of local politics in that city. All we know is the most flamboyantly horrible mayor in the country was punished the system worked. And if it worked in Chicago, maybe you could work in New Orleans where Latoya, Cantrell, is quickly destroying one of the most charming cities in the world. But part of us, if we're being honest, will miss Laurie Lightfoot despite all the human suffering she caused. There's part of us that kind of enjoyed it by embodying every one of her party's excesses over the past four years. Laurie Lightfoot inadvertently helped to expose them. Here you had a complete buffoon, someone who ran around bragging about having a large penis with her. Somehow running one of the greatest cities in the world. At times it didn't seem like even Laurie Lightfoot could believe she was mayor. She clearly didn't really care for the job. Here she is. And I'm happy to report. I'm calling out the census cowboy. Just save the tape, save the tape that's always our council from May of 2020 till now March 1st of 2023. American politicians, the entire class have gone completely insane and a lot of it is caught on video and future generations won't believe it when you tell them so save the tape. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.