 So today a small number of passengers stuck in airport landages across the country looked up at one of those televisions, bolted the ceiling and noticed something weird. Don LeMond, the star of CNN this morning, was not at work. And to be fair, sometimes a vacation is just a vacation, but we can't help notice that Don LeMond's absence comes just today after he laid bare his utter contempt once again for his co-anchors, Papi Harlow and Caitlin Collins. Now the passive aggressive stick is pretty fine-tuned and also getting kind of obvious. LeMond pretends to attack Republicans yesterday, it was Nikki Haley, as a way of attacking his co-hosts. And he thinks he's getting away with it, but yesterday morning he made his stay in a little too obvious. Watch this. I think it's the wrong road to go down. She says people, you know, politicians are something are not in their prime. Nikki Haley is in her prime. Sorry. A woman is considered to be in her prime in her 20s and 30s and maybe 40s. Why do you talk? That's not according to me. Prime for what? It depends. It's just like prime, if you look it up, if you look, if you Google, when is a woman in her prime? It'll say 20s, 30s and 40s. I don't necessarily. I don't necessarily. So I got it in that way. And that's a guy agree with that. So I think she has to be careful about saying that, you know, politicians are in their prime meeting. You think you need to qualify her? You talk about prime for like child and caring or talking about prime for being president. It's always like some super dysfunctional family on that set with the drunk guy, dad, Donald Mon Dad. But we want to take it seriously. Donald Mon said, well, he got this from Google. So we went to Google and we typed in an obvious request. Show us the quintessential specimen in his prime. And we're going to tell you what we found. We're not going to hide the results. Full transparency on this show. He's not take a slong to come across pictures of Donald Mon himself. Looking like the international sex symbol. He is at the age of 56. Look at this man. Look at those clothes. This is a, is that a cape? No, it's got arms, but it could be a cape. I mean, is that bold? He's a fashion icon. That may come across these Instagram posts showing Donald Mon on the runway a few weeks ago. We don't want to use the word fabulous, but is there another word to describe it? No, there's not. Ladies and gentlemen, fabulous Donald Mon. It's just so great. And the word sassy does comes to mind too. In their prime, Donald Mon is in his prime right now. His lived experience is being too sexy. Was this whole segment around about way for Donald Mon to get everyone to Google pictures of Donald Mon? We can't say. As you can imagine, the morning meeting today at CNN was awkward. CNN forced Mr. Lamon to zoom in the meeting from Miami, where he has been frallicking shirtless on the beach looking very much, not coincidentally, like a man in his prime. And his apology, he read what appeared to be a cliche about women. He Googled about three minutes before between bellinis. Here it is. I believe that women of any age can do whatever they set their minds to. And you can just imagine in your mind the ladies of the view holding him at gunpoint. Say it, Don, say it. At any age, an any-year-old can give birth. Yeah, it wasn't heartfelt, not reality-based. It was kind of ridiculous. If you're going to gravel do it, he didn't. And apparently his co-workers and managers that see him on our mat were hoping he comes back. If we lose Donald Mon, we've lost a major wellspring of comedy in this country. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.