 Here is a breath of hilarity, really one of our favorite stories of all time. Tensany and fashion designer, based in Houston, called Assa Kashman, says she lost her luggage to the baggage claim of DCA, Washington, Reagan, National, back in 2018. A couple of days ago, she was watching Fox News, and she saw the coverage of Sam Brinton. That would be Joe Biden's non-binary nuclear waste disposal expert who had this weird fetish involving stealing women's clothes from airport carousels. And then at Hit Compton, Sam Brinton was photographed wearing her clothes, and they're very distinctive clothes you're seeing the side by side in your screen right now. Now we are in touch with her. She's in Tensany right now, but when she gets back, she promises to come on this show and discuss what it's like to have your fashion creations stolen by Joe Biden's nuclear waste non-binary airport fetishist. But in the meantime, we're joined by Chadwick Moore of the Spectator to assess this ongoing story, which really is Chadwick. You got to admit, the greatest story ever. Now I just have to ask, you've been following since the beginning, you first saw this guy, Sam Brinton, was your first thought, I bet this guy never steals women's underwear off airport carousels. Well, yeah, you have to pardon my glee because I don't think anyone thought this story could possibly get any better. And now, two words that have to apply to him that I would meant, mean, sincerely in this case, would be stunning and really, really brave. It's not like he's prading around in a gap hoodie. I mean, they're very distinctive, quite lovely clothing that he was wearing and that poor designer having her creations defiled by the radioactive klepto queen in the energy department. I really feel for her. That must be awful. But this, I'm a little disappointed in myself and in fellow journalists that none of us took a closer look at his clothing and asked what exactly he was wearing because we should have been tipped off the minute we saw some of these outfits that looked like he rated a village and Africa or something. Maybe we would have started getting more answers then. That was not off the rack and that should have been the first tip off that he had a Tanzanian designer he was stealing from. And I agree with you. We we felt down on the job. Chadwick Moore, great to see you tonight. Thank you. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.