 The neoliberal establishment has decided it can't win arguments. Nobody wants what they're selling at all. So why even bother to convince anybody? So instead they're going right to force. And you're seeing that all over our country. And one of the ways they're inflicting force on people and flicking pain is through civil suits, bringing to civil court because anyone can file a lawsuit. And so there are a lot of well-funded lawsuits trying to shut people up or punish them for stepping out of line. And here's the latest example. This has not gotten enough coverage. So Tara Reid once worked for Joe Biden. He sexually assaulted her and she made possibly the mistake of saying so out loud, you're not allowed to do that. So in retaliation against her, the New York Times posted her social security number on her website. Can you imagine the ramifications of that? So Tara Reid sued the New York Times because you can't put people's social security numbers on a website. But a federal judge has now ruled against Tara Reid and said that she has to pay the legal fees of the New York Times. So they're still trying to crush her. And we think it's wrong. She joins us now. Thanks so much for coming on. Did I misstate any of that? I mean, it seems like you came out and accused the sitting president of a sex crime. And we've spoken a great length about this on the air. And I don't think there's any question that had happened. You said so at the time. And now they're trying to hurt you for saying that. That's what it looks like to me. Yes. It's just one of the many things that they've done to try to silence me. But yeah, the lawsuit that I filed was because on the first story that they did, the New York Times. And they used me as a basically a whipping post all of 2020 to try to silence and discredit me. But the first story was on Easter Sunday. And I was woken up very early in the morning by a friend who lived back east and said, hey, the online story of New York Times has your congressional ID showing your social security number. We need to get it down. It took a few hours. We got it down. And they did comply with taking it down. But it was very, it was very awful. So I did try to file a lawsuit. I lost the judge ruled that it was in the public interest at a print it. And I then was slapped with attorney's fees from New York Times upwards close to over $71,000. So. So you were not a rich person, I know, from our conversations. So just two quick questions. How was it in the public's interest for the New York Times to publish your social security number of all private things? Well, suddenly, I guess there was a great interest in freedom of speech. So in freedom of the press, so freedom of the press would be the impetus for that and sort of a more of a legal argument. And I don't want to bore your audience with all of that. But there's been different ways that the Biden administration has come after me. They've come after me with the DOJ with sealed warrant. So my Twitter, which are a record, and there's been a little bit of press about that. They took my communications on Twitter and all of that. So yeah, it's been watching Joe Biden take a wrecking ball to my, I've been experiencing this wrecking ball to my life. But now I've been watching the last couple of years take a wrecking ball to the United States, including the proxy war that Russia and NATO is and US is fighting against Russia. And upwards of $100 billion going over there when we have dire circumstances here. So all of those things that I talked about that I criticized Joe Biden about besides the awful experience of being sexually assaulted by him when I was a Senate staffer in 1993. You know, people are seeing just the true Joe Biden of how corrupt this regime is. And if there needs to be any regime change, it doesn't need to be in other countries. It needs to happen here. Now I agree. So I agree. We're seeing how cruel and ruthless they are. And not only they don't believe all women, they will hurt women who disobey and you're perfectly good. And further Tucker, you know, the New York Times has become, the legacy media has become like an arm of the Biden administration, like the DOJ and the FBI. I mean, look at what just happened to Matt Taiby who testified about, you know, the different ways that they're trying to suppress US citizen speech and using taxpayer money to do it and control the conversation and control the narrative. He got visited by an IRS agent the day of his testimony. So he said, He said, Yeah, I'm not so, we're all waiting for that. And I know that you are, you will, you're living it now. Terry, thank you so much for coming on. Appreciate it. Thank you for having me. I appreciate it.