 We will concede we have spent many happy years making fun if Mr. Don Le Mans of CNN and at times we'll concede we've been a little cruel But easing as we have mocked him and we have there has been honestly an undercurrent of real affection We kind of admired Don Le Mans. How can a man so obviously limited have such boundless self-esteem? Doesn't he know he's an idiot? No, he has no idea This is the guy who once suggested that a commercial airliner had been eaten by a black hole And when people laughed at him he seemed completely unbothered by their laughter In a world of intellectual pretence Don Le Mans is not ashamed of being dumb or for that matter ashamed of anything else When he got fired last year from his prime time gig for low ratings and reassigned to mornings He told viewers it was a promotion and he seemed to mean it So whatever else you say about Mr. Don Le Mans he is unflapable or so we assumed It turns out there is in fact one thing that bothers Don Le Mans and that's not being the prettiest person on the set That drives him insane So possibly is a kind of torture a kind of punishment seen in his new president Chris Lick paired Don Le Mans with too much younger much more attractive co-hosts Caitlin Collins and Poppy Harlow And then normally steely Don Le Mans begin to melt down before our very eyes The other day for example after Caitlin Collins interviewed a Republican member of Congress Don Le Mans launched into an attack on Republicans that wasn't actually an attack on Republicans But a not so veiled attack on his co-host Caitlin Collins Can't do that producers in the control room turned up the music to get him to be quiet We've earned a commercial now, but he's just them to keep attacking her watch this Thank you for taking time to join us All right, thank you. It's gonna be it. It's the time that we're in where facts are sort of flexible Why we got Caitlin Collins on the hill Backtricking in real time. It was a great interview Siding incredible sources like citing the New York Post as a credible source and saying that facts are it's just I can't believe that we're here. Caitlin. That was a great interview. All right. Moving on Well now moving on because that's listen That's a big issue when it comes to the American hold on please with the music That's a big issue when it comes to the American people the American people are gonna have to suffer through all of this stuff from Election deniers to people who don't believe in facts We don't have a shared reality and now it's taking center stage two people like Marjorie Taylor Greene This is Thanksgiving at the alcoholic passive aggressive families house the American people Shrieks Don Lamont the American people Well, where's it not about the American people? It's definitely not about quote facts Facts no It's about how Don Lamont feels about himself See and then President Chris Lick really ought to sit down with this guy over a few mango white claws And just let him know that just because somebody else is pretty Doesn't mean that you're ugly It's okay Don your beautiful inside or something is it gonna work? We don't know but they got to try something Don Lamont is on the brink Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight