 Chase McCall is a marine safety officer with the fire department in Long Beach. He just finished washing some trucks along the beach when someone told him about a dog in the water. The dog was called Tofu and he'd been swept several hundred yards offshore into the Pacific. So Chase McCall got on his paddleboard in Wetsuit and rescued the dog. He had helped from another marine safety officer called Devon Beebe who guided McCall to the dog with her binoculars. Chase McCall joins us tonight with the dog he rescued Tofu. Thank you both. Oh thank you both for coming on. So Chase how far out was this dog? I'd say Tofu is swimming maybe two to three hundred yards out offshore. What Tofu doesn't look like a retrieving dog for example. How did Tofu get three hundred yards offshore? Do you know? I heard reports from just beach patrons that they'd been chasing her around trying to catch her for about an hour or so in the parking lot and I guess she just jumped in the water and took off towards out to sea. How did she respond when you tried to pull her onto your paddleboard? I think she was grateful to see me there and little relieved. She looked a little tired and cold and came right up to me and made it easy for me to grab her and put her on the board. So dogs, I mean dogs are famously not had a swim at birth but they can drown right? Oh yes definitely. Is this common if you rescued other dogs from the Pacific? We've had a few incidences where we've rescued dogs from the water. Yeah so it happens not too often but it does happen for us. What did the owners say when you brought Tofu back? So we didn't really talk to the owner until the next day so we handed Tofu off to animal care services and through social media the owner was able to get the contact info on where she was being held and so the next day when I met the owner they were really grateful and just everyone was so happy that this was a success story. Are you a dog lover? I am. I can tell by the way you touch that dog good for you. Chase McCall thank you so much for coming on tonight appreciate it. Yes thank you thank you for having me. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.