 So what does this new bug food gonna look like? Well, here it is. Hey, my name is Chef Joseph Yoon, edible insect ambassador, and we were to raise awareness and appreciation for sustainable form of protein. How can we sustainably feed the growing population around the world? And it doesn't suggest that we want to get rid of any. How do we add something to our diets? And maybe look towards the past for solutions to the future. They're incredibly nutritious. They're sustainable. But most importantly, they can be declared absolutely deliciously. So as long as we're switching from rib-eyed cicadas, we might as well make it good. Chef Joseph Yoon is trying his best to do that. He's the executive director of Brooklyn Bugs, an organization that without any shame at all promotes bug food. He joins us on set. Now, Chef Yoon, thank you so much for coming on. Thank you so much for having me. So we're assuming, leaving politics side, we're just assuming for the purpose of the segment, this is just inevitable. We're gonna be eating bugs, so we might as well make the best of it. And you have definitely made the best of it. Tell us what kind of bugs you cook. I cook with a lot of different insects, and really crickets are like a really big gateway bug, if you will. But you know what? One of the really big reasons that we love to highlight this is that it's so fun, it's delicious. We can talk about sustainability and everything. But if it doesn't taste good, it's not gonna be successful. I agree with you completely. I don't know what's in a week then, but I'll eat them. So is there any bug that you won't prepare as food? That's too far for you. Well, there are, I only work with bugs that I know are scientifically proven to be edible for human consumption. Yes. Yeah. So, and you know, a big part is like, how can we reimagine edible insects? And it's not something that we're trying to force on anybody. It's just like one option that we have to consider as a- Right. ...to us. So I think, before we get into what you prepared today, I think everyone has the same question of mind. Will cockroaches be on the menu? Are they ever prepared cockroaches? You know, all the insects that are, that we use are farmed or harvested, specifically for human consumption. Okay. And cockroaches may be on that list, but I personally don't really think that we're ready for cockroaches just yet. Good. You speak for me when you say that. I'm not ready. Great. But what is that? I go right to the- All right. So we- Yeah, I want to bring some sweet and savory. Okay. And so here we have cricket, caramel popcorn, and cricket, chocolate, uh, uh, chocolate-covered crickets. Okay. And also, uh, cricket burger. Cricket burger. Yeah. Now, I'm going to start slowly, okay? The childhood with the chocolate-covered cricket. All right. Do you want to try to eat that? No, please. I-I think- So that is chocolate-covering a cricket? Yeah. Correct. Yeah. What part of the cricket? The entire- Well, the-the legs are shaking off, but it's pretty much the entire cricket. Including the loins. The loins are included in that- In that piece. Yeah, that's right. That's delicious. I-I love your willingness to try this because it's really- Just like a psychological thing, to separate- This isn't a cricket hopping around the ground. Right. It's a cricket that was farmed and harvested for us. I'll put anything in my mouth, Schiff. So, uh, I have no limits. Tell me what- That's a cricket caramel popcorn. We got crickets in there and like, you know, we can- If we could just think about presenting this as food that we already recognize. We could have extreme dishes at highlights like that's super bugified. But what about ways that are a little more familiar for us to try to eat? 100%. So I- I just try to give people the options. I'm not trying to force this on anybody. No, I get it. I get it. And it's really like, Hey, if you want to try it, I'd love to share this with you. If you don't, then I'm also very fine with that. 100%. Well, I eat chocolate-covered crickets all day. Um, let's take that to the vet. Now, I'm not going to eat this right now because it's frankly it's too early here in Los Angeles for me. But can you tell us what that is? That just looks like a hamburger. Yeah. So that's a- That's a cricket burger that we form late. And it's not 100% cricket, like a beef burger. Because we need to fill it with like other things to give it the mouth feel, the texture of a real burger. Can you be a little more specific about these other stuff? So we use like soy and like aromatics, like onions and garlic. And we also use like different sort of like yeast, like the yeast in it, really just kind of like gives it like a nice, mouth feel and flavor. I'm just going to smell it. And then I'm just going to nibble on it as well. Okay, you know what? If it- If eating together kind of helps. You know what? I'm just- You know what? I trust you so much. Forget the morning time. But first of all, Chef, I've ever met. And I'm just going to go ahead and do it. Thank you, yeah. Bug out the tea. It's not bad at all, it's actually pretty good. Can it- Roughly, I'm not going to hold you to it, but how many crickets per burger would you say? Well, in this burger, we have a- It's mostly the powder that I use. Mm-hmm. And each one has probably like about one tablespoon, which is one to two tablespoons of cricket powder. And how many crickets does it represent? That I'd have to get back to you on. I don't know exactly how many- And I assume they're humanly killed. Yeah. Okay, I'm not going to ask for details on that. Okay. Um, Chef Yun, if anybody can sell this country and bugs, it's you. And we're grateful that you took the time to show us our future. And I- I'll say for the- For the cricket corn, it's excellent. You know, thank you so much for your interest in- In sharing the work that we do. I think whether people like it or dislike it, it's important just to give people the option. And so that's really what I'm really great for the- The opportunity to share this work with you. Thank you very much. Well, thank you. I appreciate it. Chef Yun. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens. Stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.