 That was the President of the United States, Senile, stumbling as always. In this case, over the latest acronym for the pronoun, people for the record, it's called LGBTQIA+. Plus, you see the plus mark all over the place now. We went shopping for Mother's Day cards today at a right aid, and saw an entire category for LGBTQIA+. And it got us wondering, who's in the plus category? Are we in the plus category? We feel like we're in net addition. And plus people, any plus person out there is always welcome to come on this show and explain what's so plus about you. But at the meantime, Chevik, more of the spectator, has thought a lot about this. We thought we would speak to him about it tonight. Chevik, thanks so much for coming on. So who's in the plus? Look, I don't want to make this personal. I don't want to get my feelings hurt. But do I qualify in the plus category? And if not me, who? Oh, you absolutely 100% do. Thank you. Thank you. I've been lobbying Big Gay for a long time. Yes, welcome to the community, Tucker. I've been lobbying Big Gay for a long time to get an S in the alphabet. We should have an S in there for straight people. But of course, they won't let us have that for some reason. I agree. But actually, we had the plus. It really, they pretend to be so inclusive, and yet here they are excluding 96% of the population. But they hide it in that plus. So you can hide there in the plus, somewhere down the alphabet. It kind of signifies it much like the struggle for justice and equality itself. The alphabet people are kind of nebulous and extended into perpetuity. They're kind of undefineable. And that is what the plus is for. Anyone can be plus. But can I just ask, and I think you told me once you've been banned from gay bars since you started coming on the show. So maybe you haven't had the experience recently. But like, when was the last time you were in a bar and someone came up and said, I'm part of the, I'm a, I'm on the plus. I'm, I'm the fabled one, the lock desk monster. I'm the, I'm the plus you hear about, but have never seen. Has anyone ever said that to you? Yeah, we're the minuses too, like, hey, I'm a plus, you're a minus. Well, we get together tonight, you know? For the charge. I think we need to start going around and asking people if they're pluses. Exactly. You know, one thing it's funny too is like the cue. Nobody really knows what the cue stands for. I don't know either. I agree with that. That's weird. No one knows what it is. No one knows what it is. Is that really true? I mean, I guess we're not, you're not allowed to ask questions. You just have to sort of nod and be like, yeah, cue. But what, a sincere question is someone who I think still lives in Brooklyn. Like, is there a real definition for that? Well, I'll tell you what my definition of queer is. Essentially, there's two types of queers. There's the sort of run of the Mill gay man who lives in Brooklyn. You could probably spot him by having like a dangly earring and some really bad eyewear. And he calls himself queer because he wants to be special. He wants to think he's unique. That's the first type of queer. The second type of queer is really just a straight woman who wants to add a little pizzazz to herself. So she'll, you know, she thinks she's boring. She thinks she's basic. She may have some gay friends. She may be wants like kiss the girl in college. So she can now call herself queer or somewhere in the pluses. But queer has been quite, quite helpful for, for many people. You know, queer kind of does the job of the plus anyway to be honest. Numb high world, but absolutely fascinating. And as a believer in precision in language, I am so grateful that you helped us define that tonight. Chebukmore, thank you. Thank you.