 Many in federal law enforcement knew perfectly well there was going to be a huge demonstration in Washington on the afternoon of January 6, 2021, and that it could become potentially violent. There is no debate about that fact, the FBI knew. But it's also clear that many on the U.S. Capitol Police Force, the frontline officers who protect the Congress, did not know. They had no idea what was coming. And because they didn't know, they were completely unprepared for what happened that day. That is a very strange failure of communication, and it has never been explained. To understand more about the response to January 6 inside the Capitol, we sat down with a man called Terrick Johnson. Johnson served as a Capitol Hill police officer for 22 years. On the day of the protest, he says he was responsible for securing the certification of the presidential election. If there is anyone at the very heart of the January 6 story, its former Capitol Police Lieutenant Terrick Johnson. And yet for some reason, the January 6 committee never called him to testify. My voice was one of the first ones you hear on the audio transmission, so I did expect to get an interview at some time, but no, it didn't happen. I guess the focus on was on Donald Trump. According to Johnson, no one answered his numerous pleas for help over Capitol Police radio frequencies. Johnson says he, quote, didn't hear anything on the radio. According to Johnson, Yogananda Pittman kept vital information about the protests from frontline officers like him. Pittman was the assistant chief of the department in charge of intelligence operations. We should have been better prepared that day, and we could have been better prepared that day if the information was disseminated like it was supposed to be. Once protesters moved inside the building, Johnson's first concern was the safety of senators. His job was to protect them. In rising panic, he called over the radio for direction and assistance. Even now, two years later, he is baffled by the response he got. I was requesting permission to evacuate the Senate side, the Senate chambers. Because I had a clear line of sight to get them out the Senate door. And I didn't get permission. The dispatcher called a couple of times to see if I can get permission, no response. With Yogananda Pittman and his other supervisors, unresponsive, Johnson says he decided to begin the evacuation of senators himself. The person that I thought was going to authorize the evacuation didn't do it. I wanted to get those members of Congress out as quickly as I could. That's why I initiated, you know, those evacuations. And me being disciplined, it wasn't as important as not getting the members of Congress and their staff to safety. Footage we reviewed seems to bolster Johnson's account. The video shows Johnson conducting the evacuation of senators from the chamber. Yet Tark Johnson was not rewarded for what he did. He was punished. A photo emerged of Johnson wearing a MAGA hat outside the Capitol. That picture cost him his career. Sometimes I look at it and like thank you God for blessing me with this hat. And sometimes I'm like, wow, I wish this hat never came in my life. A Biden voter, Johnson says he donned the hat in an effort to rescue fellow officers he believed were trapped in the building. I figured if I had the hat on, it would be easier for me to navigate my way through the crowd. It was basically self-preservation and de-escalation. And I needed to get up those steps. I couldn't say what would have happened walking through that crowd without it. But for the crime of wearing a Trump hat, Johnson found himself suspended. Ultimately he resigned from the force and lost his pension. He now works part-time as a furniture mover. Yogananda Pittman meanwhile thrived. Two days after January 6, Nancy Pelosi elevated Pittman to acting chief of the Capitol police. Late last year, Pittman took a high-paying job as the head of security at UC Berkeley, which is right outside Pelosi's congressional district. Berkeley announced Pittman's hiring with unqualified praise for her quote, steadfast commitment to social justice. Pittman herself boasted about her heroic performance on January 6. Her department, she said, quote, save democracy that day. We reached out to Yogananda Pittman for comment, but she didn't get back to us. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens. We're going to be doing a lot of work to make sure that we're doing a lot of work.