 So we don't wish anyone ill really in the television business, such a volatile business, you don't ever want to root for someone's firing. But it's hard not to notice that there's a lot of drama at CNN. First, their top-star in prime time, Chris Coma, was fired, not exactly why, then CNN plus blew up, costing the company hundreds of millions, and then Brian Steltzer got cannabis, it was ever a firing to celebrate, it would have been his, but even we didn't celebrate. And now, to wreck our day, it looks like Mr. Don LeMont, the source of endless entertainment for us for many, many years, is out. He made the mistake of saying that women over 50 are not in their prime. Oh yeah, they can have babies too. So without even taking sides in that debate or being too literal about it, the bottom line is, looks like it's over for Don LeMont. He was not in the air today, which is bad if you're a TV host. Here's how his co-hosts explain why he wasn't there. President Biden makes a surprise visit to Ukraine. I'm Poppy Harlow in New York here with Sarah Cydner, Caitlin Collins. He's live in Warsaw, Poland, where the president will be shortly Don has the day off. I mean, you know, no offense to the ladies on the set, but are we honest? Let's be honest. Are we going to kind of mist on LeMont if he's fired? Yeah, a little bit. Steve Crackauer has covered television for a long time and really well, and honestly, he's the author of Uncovered, he joins us today. Hey Steve, so what's going on? And again, we're not gloating in any way, but I know that you would know the answer. What's going on there? What's going on there? What's going on there? What's going on there? I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think it's going to be a great deal. I think that when he made that comment about Nikki Haley, he thought he was criticizing a Republican. He thought he was criticizing someone you're allowed to criticize when in reality he didn't realize he's criticizing basically all women and all of his colleagues are mad at him. So I think it's a big problem with digging themselves out of this hole that they brought themselves into because of a lot of factors that happened only a few years ago during the Trump administration. I mean, Don LeMont is dumb and kind of crazy, but he's always been and that's sort of the appeal. So if you put someone who's dumb and kind of crazy on TV, you expect him to say dumb and kind of crazy things and like, that's hilarious. What was his crime exactly? Yeah, I do wonder if in any olden days, which again, we're talking about a few years ago back when things were going so much better for Don LeMont, as you say, this sort of thing might have been swept under the rug. I mean, still just stack up what he said about Nikki Haley with all of the things he said about Donald Trump or other people in that administration. I mean, it's not even close. But I do think that there's a new mandate there and Don's sort of out of favor right now because it's just not really the direction of the network. I mean, we've saw during the Trump era and we've seen since then a total lack of introspection. I get at this and uncovered just about every story. I mean, they make mistakes and they don't apologize and then they just, the trust in the media just keeps getting lower and lower. And obviously CNN is trying to dig themselves out. They need to improve their ratings. It's kind of in the tank right now. Don is kind of, he might be a casualty of that. Yeah, and Nikki Haley is a crazed neocon and you're not allowed to criticize them. I've noticed. So that may play a role too. Steve Packard, great to see you tonight. Thanks, Tucker. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.