 Happy St. Patrick's Day. Hey, look, some ideas are so smart. It's hard to believe anyone ever thought of them before. This here is one of those ideas. If you ever mode the lawn or thought, it has to be a better and easier way to do this, guess what? You were right. There is a better way to do it. You can just rent some lamps to do it for you. A new company lets you hire lamb mowers instead of lawn mowers. Cory Suter is the owner of lambmowers.com. He's based in Fairfax County and Cory joins us now to explain. And you have your labor force behind you, Cory. How is it known as thought of this? You've got to tell me about your inspiration and the market demand for lamb mowers. Oh, thanks so much, Will. I don't want to go out too much on the lamb here. I didn't know if you wanted me to ram through some bad cheap mowers. Oh, Cory. I'm really honored to be on your show. We're glad to have you. We're glad to have you here on Tucker Carlson tonight. Go ahead. I want to hear this. I have a ton of questions about your work force there and their appetite. Yeah. Well, we are the only license and insured landscaping company that also gets invited to kids, birthdays, and evening wine parties. We also have a lot of customers that just hire us to get rid of the weeds. And that's what makes me so passionate about what I do. I got into lambmowers.com because I care about conserving soil and water resources for future generations. And my sheep do a wonderful job of putting organic matter back in soil where it belongs. Is that I have a lot of happy customers. It brings people a lot of joy to have sheep in their yard. Putting organic matter back into the soil where it belongs. Is that mean I have to hire like a poop pickup service after you mow my lawn with the lambs? You fertilize as you cut the lawn? So my sheep do provide some biodegradable fertilizer pellets. And yeah, if you put in the lawn clippings back on the lawn, that's what our soil needs. All of our soils here in the US used to have over 8% organic matter. And now we're back down to only around half a percent, a lot of our farmland. And that just means there's not a lot of nutrients left in that soil to feed us. It fuels the obesity epidemic in the US to have soils that are depleted of nutrients and organic matter. And so I'm really passionate about soil health. And doing lamb overs is one way I help educate people about that. Well, I've actually read a lot about that recently. According to your point, the soil has lost a lot of its nutritional value through industrial farming and widespread use of chemical fertilizer. And as we point out, you're giving back. And I'm going to tell my wife the same thing when I don't pick up on the backyard. I'm giving back to the soil right now. But Corey, really quick, the names. That's right. Lazy Garden. It's great. The names of your workforce behind you. Can you introduce me to a few of them? Sure. So right here in front of me, I think this is Oreo. And then, OK, yeah, you can't see that. So do you see snowy here, the cutest little lamb? And then right behind her is her mother, chocolate chip, behind that ice cream. I'm picking up a thing. It looks like, OK, yes, my kids help name the sheep. I see. We really have a lot of fun. Corey, we got a little bit of a delay. What do I get? Kids named a sheep monster truck. So that must have been... We call it a Monty, for sure. I hate to enforce gender stereotypes, but that must have been one of your sons. The Corey, I'm seen the foreign after pictures of your workforce there. And what you've done in the backyards of many overgrown neighborhoods, your lambs eating through what no lawnmower weed eater can make their way through. So it's a fascinating business. It's an opening in the market. It's giving back, as you point out, to the planet. And we wish you in Marshmello, and Oreo, and Monster Truck, all the best in your business, lamb moors. Thank you, Corey. Oh, thank you so much for supporting a local small business. I really appreciate you having me on the show, Will. You bet. Hey, Sean Hannity here. Hey, click here to subscribe to Fox News YouTube page and catch our hottest interviews. And most compelling analysis, you will not get it anywhere else.