 So for months and months and months we've been covering this story, the Canadian shop teacher who pulled his entire class into his very obscure sexual fetish by wearing size-y, prosthetic breasts and calling himself Kayla Lemieux, because it kind of tells you everything. Why is this allowed? They're kids in the class. So this guy has finally been placed on leave. The school board in Ontario only took the steps after parents, some of them immigrant parents threatened to sue the school. This went on for so long because there is a well-funded effort to erase women, of course, both in Canada and the United States. Feminists are all for it. It's always your leaders to sell you out. Hershey's, by the way, is now putting the face of a man, posing as a woman, on chocolate bar wrappers. This dude is called Faye Johnstone, called himself a proud slut, and said his female critics should be vilified so they quote, don't dare to speak their views publicly. Okay. Here's Faye Johnstone, not a fascist or anything. Who, by the way, runs a quote, LBGTQ consulting firm that makes a ton of dough from Canada's government watch. My name is Faye Johnstone. I'm the executive director of Wisdom to act, and we can create a world where everyone is able to live in public space as their honest, not that it's all. See the woman changing how we see the future at Hershey's Canada. I mean, like, what? Women, don't worry. We're not replacing you. Don't worry. Everything's cool. Chadwick Moore is with the spectator. He joins us tonight. Chadwick, I have so many questions from you. What are, like, where do we make up all these jobs? The economy's degrading, and this dude has found a job dressing like a woman wearing a nose ring, and then he's gotten hired by Hershey's. Like, is there a major for that in college? Where do these jobs come from? Well, first of all, happy international women's awareness month or whatever it is right now. We all like a little nuts in our chocolate. I don't see what the big deal is. I love nuts in my chocolate, so I think it's perfectly fine. I think it's a real tragic start to women's history awareness month that this shop teacher, her, who I think we all agree is delicate, and as lovely and temperate as a summer's day really, is under investigation for maybe not being really trans. And then we start saying, questioning people's identity like this. She also, not sure if you're aware of this, but aside from being transgender, she's also disabled. She suffers from gigantumestia, which is an unusual swelling of the breast tissue. In her case, it's prosthetic breasts, which apparently becomes sentient and swelling on their own. So, you know, this is just how it is now if you say your woman, that's how it is, and women seem to be okay with it because very few are speaking up and being loud about being erased in this way and taken over by men and dresses. Talk about mansplaining, though. I mean, isn't this the ultimate mansplaining? I'm a woman now. You shut up ladies and they're like, okay, I'll shut up. Some dude just like a woman tells me what it's really like to be a woman, I guess I can't say anything. Like, what? Yeah, well, I mean, you don't want to get knocked down and bruised by those prosthetic breasts. I wouldn't challenge that guy either. That's a, you know what? That's a very good point. Chadwick Moore, common sense in truth. Thank you so much for coming on tonight. Thank you, my pleasure. We catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.