 Well, as you've just heard, the Biden administration spends an awful lot of time covering up actual crimes committed by their political allies and their relatives. But for their critics, there is no such mercy. For the first time in our history, the government has begun to arrest people for saying things the White House doesn't like. That's the end of the First Amendment. Speeds that's been protected for centuries in the United States is no longer protected. It's now a criminal act. We've told you about the grotesquely, unconstitutional prosecution and then conviction of Douglas Mackey. The DOJ is trying to send Mackey to prison for a decade for making fun of Hillary Clinton's voters on Twitter. The media barely report the story. They don't seem to care at all. They seem to endorse it. No one in Congress has meaningfully pushed back against it. So this trend continues. The latest group of Americans to find their constitutionally protected opinions become felonies are believe it or not. An organization of black nationalist left-wingers who oppose the war in Ukraine. The DOJ has just charged many in this group with seeking to quote, so discord, spread pro-Russia propaganda and interfere in elections within the United States. Now, there's no way to interfere with any election. You're allowed to be pro-Russia. You're allowed to be pro anything you want in the United States. Saying things that government doesn't like having unfashionable opinions or opinions that are out of step with Joe Biden's opinions, that is not a crime. You can spread pro-Russia propaganda if you want to. You can spread anti-Russia propaganda if you want to. You can say whatever you want. But not anymore. According to the indictment, the criminals in question, quote, wrote articles that contained Russian propaganda and disinformation. Huh? They also gave speeches and posted videos that annoyed the State Department. Here's one of them. There's a discussion about Russian military border buildup on this border with Ukraine and how this represents a terrible threat to Ukraine by Russians. But there is no acknowledgement of the history that took us to this place, how the US overthrew, participated in facilitating an overthrow of a government in Ukraine that was friendly to the Soviet Union. And to talk about the history of this relationship between Ukraine and Russia. This is an ongoing aggression. It did not just start. It's been going on for a while. But the US government relies on the ignorance of the people in this country and amongst the world that's facilitated by people like Zuckerberg. So for all of us worth, we're not really sure who that guy is. We know he's American. Pretty sure that on a lot of issues we likely would not agree with him. A lot of what he just said in that video seems to be true. But even if it weren't true, even if he was wrong, it would still be constitutionally protected speech. In a free country, which we had until recently, you are allowed by definition to have dumb opinions. Most of us do. But not anymore. So that man you just saw is facing 10 years behind bars for expressing views about Ukraine that the Biden administration doesn't want to hear. That's terrifying. Does no one else think that's terrifying? It is terrifying. And so that man's credit, whoever he is, he saw it coming. Here he is at a rally last month. They have declared that black people are so stupid that it takes Russians to tell us that we are on press. I have never known a moment of black freedom for my entire life. I've never ran of a moment since the beginning of a colonial moral prediction where black people have been free. And yet they are saying that we are working, we are agents of some foreign power because we say black people must be free. Okay, again, we're not defending that guy because we agree with all of his views. We probably don't. That is totally irrelevant. Whether you agree with what someone is saying has nothing to do with his right to say it. Americans are allowed to say what they think is true, period. If they take that right away, you are no longer a citizen, you are a slave. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.