 So, three years ago, a man called Deniala Cost was driving near New Orleans when he came across a tiny nutria on the side of the road. The rodent siblings had just been hit by a car, unfortunately, so Deniala Cost jumped into action, scooped up the little guy, and rescued him. He gave the animal the name Noody and raised him as a pet. Noody is a local celebrity, not surprisingly. He's also a regular at Deniala Cost seafood restaurant, Dennis Seafood, in Meta-Rewiziana. So, recently, the state of Louisiana, because they've solved all other problems, tried to seize Noody the pet nutria on public health grounds. But Deniala Cost and his brave wife, Myra, stood up to the government, and now they've gotten word, yes, the man will let them keep the road. Dennis and Myra, across, join us now along with Noody. Mr. Mrs. Cost, I appreciate you're coming on tonight. I'm glad to meet Noody, and I just want to thank you on behalf of all animal lovers for your bravery in the face of state interference. Why was it so important for you to keep this pet? He was just a little hurt animal. We fell sorry for him. He was so cute. He felt fit in the palm of my hand, and he was very fluffy. Well, he looks like he still is. So, so, nutrient, I'm embarrassed. I'm not sure I'm pronouncing correctly. Is it nutrient or nutrient? Nutria. Nutria. You saying it right? We'll take a middle graph. Their rodents, but when you get close to them, they're incredibly cute. Why is the state against them? They cause, they cause a lot of damage to the wetlands. Yeah. They destroy our local canals too. Yeah, well, I did know that, but, but he's in your living room. So, it doesn't seem like he's a threat to your waterways in Louisiana. What do you feed him? Oh, no, he's sweet potatoes, corn on the cob, hot pies, chicken, them, pancakes. A lot of fruit. I've got a similar diet, actually. I'm not even a rolin. How does he end up eating fried chicken and milk balls? Right now, he's eating a crawfish claw, a boiled crawfish claw. He loves boiled crawfish. He's locked down and get adopted. He was literally adopted by people who have a famous restaurant. So, that's pretty good. If you're stranded orphaned, rodent, that's a pretty good stroke of luck. Yeah, right? Right. Yeah, so he is a lucky one. He has it made. I just want to ask you to be honest for one second. Are there any downsides to adopting an enormous rodent? Yeah, he's a lot of work. He's a lot of work. He kind of listens like a cat, not too good. Too good. Can you be more specific? Because I have the feeling a lot of reviewers are going to run out and try to adopt a nutrient. What would you caution? No, don't go get a nutrient. No. They can destroy your inside of your house really quickly. Besides eating pancakes and stuff like that, he loves wires. He loves wires. So for wires? Yeah, any kind of wires. Yes. Phone charges. You got to pick all that up. I don't know why he loves wires. Wow. Well, you work. He's giving a work. You work, give me others that. Does he sleep at all? Would work? Oh, he sleeps all night. Yeah, yeah. He'll take a towel and go into the hall bathroom and make a nest. And he'll walk around the house and grab all the dog toys and shoes, hats, whatever is on the floor. And he'll go into the hall bathroom. And once he goes into the bathroom, he's done for the night. Oh, yeah, he's not nocturnal. He got trained when I was scheduled. He's not asking. Oh, yeah. Good. That's the spirit. You got to make the run so bad. I agree with that. That is why I'll across. Thank you so much. Newty, great to meet you. Appreciate your coming. Thank you. Thank you. Same here. Thank you, Tucker. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.