 Lauren Sutheran is an author and a filmmaker, and some of her views are considered offensive by the neoliberal's in charge of everything. For example, she thinks unrestricted immigration is probably not that good for your country. And because of that, Big Tech has decided to make it impossible for her to live in the West. Airbnb has refused to allow her to stay in any of its properties without explaining why. By the way, if you have a felony record, you could probably stay in an Airbnb. And now Airbnb has decided to take a close look at Lauren Sutheran's family. Because her parents are related to her by blood, the genetics are incriminating, and her parents are no longer allowed to stay at Airbnb. A common practice in North Korea. So we reached out to Airbnb and its head of public policy, former Obama official Jay Karni, and Airbnb claimed this was just a mistake. But of course, it wasn't a mistake because they explained that they were doing it because these people were close to Lauren Sutheran in their email. This is the company by the way that banned January 6th, defendants. Lauren Sutheran remains banned by Airbnb. She joins us, say. Lauren, thanks so much for coming on. So, I mean, what kind of world is it where not just the thought criminal, but the thought criminal's family is banned from spending the night? What is that? There's definitely been a Pandora's box opened in the culture war. I think progressives have realized with the laws we have in place defending civil liberties, they can't quite bring a social credit system in yet. So they've found a way to circumvent it through the corporate class. They can just impose a social credit system on us using big tech. Do you think your parents will be allowed to buy food or receive medical care since you're against illegal immigration? In the next few years, who knows, honestly, this is escalating at such a rate I never could have expected. Of course, Airbnb have reversed their decision for now, claiming they are very sorry, but I think we both know the only thing they're sorry for is bad PR and that they were trending on Twitter last night. Well, I mean, and they admitted it in their communication to your parents. They said, your connection to Lauren Sutheran makes you ineligible. So I wonder if you were like a convicted armed robber would they do this to your parents? Of course, they would not even consider it, right? They don't even treat the families of Epstein and Maxwell like this, right? And what was funny is when they reversed the decision, they claimed in an email to my parents that they had reviewed their appeal. My parents never appealed the decision. So they're attempting to create this phony narrative that it was all a mistake. How do you mistakenly track down an activist's family? Mistakenly send them a specific email saying it is because of their relation to me. It makes no sense. They're trying to cover up something nefarious here and the only reason they aren't continuing to do this to me is because I have a platform and they're testing the waters. If they got away with it this time, they would have kept going, but they miscalculated how woke their market is. This shouldn't surprise us. These are the same people who attack entire groups of people on the basis of their genetics. Some groups are innocent, some are guilty. I mean, it's classic Nazi race science. You're implicated by your blood. I mean, that's what Airbnb is saying. Essentially, yes. And I got to say, one of the most disappointing things for me is that it has gotten to this point that we've spent so many years having Republicans defend cronism by pretending it is capitalism. And then our fail safe, which was supposed to be progressives, who are supposed to question the big corporations when they are discriminatory, specifically on blood and genetics. They're like an ADHD dog that just got distracted by a bone with a pride flag on it and placated entirely. So we're left with just activists on Twitter. Thank goodness your show. You're really holding down the fort for conservatives who want to have their freedoms, but it's just a real shame. Well, yeah, I mean, it's not hard. You shouldn't punish people's parents for thought crimes. I mean, yeah, that seems an easy one. Lauren Southern, great to see you tonight. Thank you. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.