 So the headline here so far is that before Elon Musk bought it, Twitter wasn't so much a social media site as a honey trap operated by global intelligence agencies including our own. One of the very first things Elon Musk did was fire all the spies who worked at Twitter, then he fired a lot of other people too, including the entire PR department, the HR department, and a lot of other useless baggage who weren't helping the company do anything worth doing. And what happened next? We asked him. I met a shrinking pie obviously for most of the traditional media companies and made them more desperate to get clicks, to get, you know, get attention. And it's made them, when they're in a sort of desperate state, they will then tend to really push headlines that get the most clicks whether those headlines are accurate or not. So it's resulted in my view, I think most people would agree, a less truthful, less accurate news. So because they just got to get a rise out of people. And I think it's also increased the negativity of the news because I think we humans instinctually respond more to negative, I think we have an instinctual negative bias, which kind of makes sense in that. Like, if, like let's say, it's more important to remember where was the lion or where was the tribe that wants to kill my tribe, then where is the bush with berries? Like one's like a permanent negative outcome. And the other is like, well, I might go hungry. So meaning there's an asymmetry and sort of involved asymmetry in negative versus positive stuff. And also historically, the negative stuff would have been quite proximate. Like it would have been near represented a real danger to you as a person if you heard negative news. Because historically, like a few hundred years ago, we're not hearing about what negative things are happening on the other side of the world or on the other side of the country. We're only hearing about negative things in our village. Things that could actually have a bad effect on you. Whereas now we're hearing about, I mean the news very often seems to attempt to answer the question, what is the worst thing that happened on Earth today? And then why you said after reading that, you know? Do you read any legacy media outlets? I mean, I really get most of my news from Twitter at this point. It is the number one news news source, I think, in the world at this point. What percentage of your staff did you fire at Twitter? One of the great business stories of the year. I think we're about 20% of the original size. So 80% left? Yes. So a lot of people voluntarily. Sure, sure. But it's 80% are gone from the day to tomorrow. That's correct, yes. So how do you run the company with only 20% of the staff? It turns out you don't need all that many people to run Twitter. But 80%? That's a lot. Yes. I mean, if you're not trying to run some sort of glorified activist organization with both... You don't care that much about censorship, then you can really let go of a lot of people. It turns out. How many others, without naming names, would have had how many... I had dinner with somebody who runs a big company recently and said, I'm really inspired by you on. And I said, the free speech stuff, he goes, no, the firing of staff stuff. How many other CEOs have come to you to talk about this? I spend a lot of time at work. So something like I'm meeting with lots of people. They see what I... what actions I've taken. But I think we just had a situation at Twitter where it was absurdly overstaffed. You know, so it wasn't... You look at say, like what does it really take to operate Twitter? You know, most of what we're talking about here is a group text service at scale. How many people are really needed for that? And if you look at the... You say, like what has been the product development over time with Twitter? And you feel like, you know, years versus product improvements and it's like a pretty flat line. So what are they doing? You know, it took a year to add an edit button that doesn't work most of the time. I mean, this is... I feel like there's a comedy situation here. You're not making cars, you know? It was very difficult to make cars or get wrong to storage. So, you know, the real question is like how did it get absurdly overstaffed? This is insane. So, anyway, that's... And it's clearly working. In fact, I think it's working better than ever. You've increased the responsiveness of the system by, in some cases, over 80%. So we're trying to make Twitter the most trusted place on the internet, the least untrustworthy place on the internet. I don't think anyone should trust the internet, but maybe we can make Twitter the least untrustworthy. Like I said, try to get the truth to the people as best we can. When Elon Musk took over Twitter, the company had something called a human rights team. There was no measurable increase in human rights around the world. In fact, Twitter was doing its best to crush human rights, starting with the most basic, which is the right to say what you really think. Elon Musk in a spare time runs the world's biggest rocket company. Couldn't resist asking him if he ever sees anything out there in space. That's not human. So we did.