 Victor Davis Hanson is the senior fellow at the Hoover Institute. He joined us tonight, too. He says, Professor, thanks for coming on. Wouldn't it be nice to see somebody pay some price for ineptitude and indifference? Yeah, it would. He's jumped the proverbial shark, though. He's the epitome of the empty resume class. I mean, his only qualifications for the job were his identity politics credentials. And the fact he went to Harvard, Knoxford, and the media and the Bikosolite Gaga over to him. But otherwise Tucker, he had the unmitus touch. Everything he's touched, whether it was the port crowding at our major ports or the train robbing of trains going into the ports or these recent four accidents where airliners almost crashed or the Southwest implosion or the whole meltdown during the holiday season of our airline system or these rail car. He thinks he either ignores or he offers these platitudes and how ironic that right on the eve or right in the midst, I should say, of this tragedy and East Palestine of this white working class, tiny community with income, average income, about $45,000. He was lecturing the nation that white hard hats don't look like the community they are working in. And that's not true. Not only is he pandering, but he's often an inaccurate and ignorant. Here in California, most of the construction workers you see on the elite coast or Hispanic and most of the residents are white upper class people. That's just the way America works. But he always tries to, in lieu of actually doing something, he always tries to have a rhetorical or an abstract victory. And I think people finally just feel they're tired of him. And he's afraid. Also, he talks very bold and like he's bold and he's dynamic, but he's very cowardly because he's afraid to go in and confront these people and tell them why that FEMA wasted two weeks before they addressed their concerns and why he hasn't been there. We know the reason is that he doesn't want to sit there and talk to people when they ask him questions, he can't answer. So, he's just sort of what this entire cabinet is. This cabinet was either predicated on being an identity politics first in their field, so to speak, or they were candidates that pulled out and gave the nomination to Joe Biden. But otherwise, none of them had any demonstrable experience or expertise in the field that they were supposed to serve us, the people. That's right. It's just a little bit funny. They've been lecturing us now for two years about something called environmental racism. And then there's an actual environmental disaster in the midst of a community of people who didn't vote for them and they ignore it. That actually does look like environmental racism to me. It is. And the reason is, is that East Palestine is right on the border of Pennsylvania and it's in Klinger. It's the very area that in 2008, Barack Obama blasted as they cling to their religion. And then we know how Joe Biden is called Trump supporters, chumps and drags. And we know the irredeemables and deplorable vocabulary of Hillary Clinton. So they have a long record of disparagement of the white working class. I don't know why they think they can just get away with it so easily without some kind of reaction. But they are. It is racist. And if this was in Malibu or this was in Martha's Vineyard or even in Compton or South Central, there would be an immediate US government response by this administration. Right. The reds are the fashionable poor but these people fall through the cracks every single time. Vick James Hansen joining us tonight. Thank you so much. Thank you.