 So let's say you open the borders to your country and let in seven million new people who had no connection to America whatsoever and speak the language weren't from here here illegally, but you did that. That would make the society less cohesive than ever. And then you so much managed the economy that was on the way into recession. That's the last moment you would want to make Americans hate each other on the basis of race because if you did that, the whole thing could just blow up. That's too crazy in reckless. That's exactly what you current administration, Joe Biden's administration is doing. Here's Joe Biden. Innocent men, women, children, hung by a new stroke trees, bodies burned, drowned, castrated, lints for simply being black. Nothing more. Hard to believe, but that's what was done. And some people still want to do that. Some people still want to do that. Who are those people exactly? Vince Everett, Ellison is producer of Will You Goat to Hell for me, an amazing documentary he has made that we showed you earlier who joined us tonight. Vince, thanks so much for coming on. Some people still want to do that. Who is the president talking about? Who are these would-be lynchers? He's right. I'm talking about Democrats because they were the ones doing it before. When we look back over history, Democratic Party were the ones doing Jim Crow that was lynching and killing and cashing black men. And that's still doing it now. You're going to any inner city in America to Democrats run it. I mean, it's a freak show, man. You got Lori Lightfoot and Pete Buttigieg and that crazy Sam Rinkman guy, a Britain guy that was running around putting women's clothes on. I mean, that's just who they are. It's just an insane asylum now that's taken over the Democratic Party. And we have to just start calling it exactly what it is. The Democratic Party heaven is an American hell. It is no doubt. You go to any big city and you see this function. You see that they released this hip-hop culture and they destroyed every institution that protected the children from these bad things. And now the inward, the B word, the W word is being sung by these artists and they're elevated. They go to the White House and the Super Bowl now. So how can these young men and young women not believe that they're not that? So you got Lori Lightfoot. You got Joe Biden, run of a re-election. They should be apologizing for ever been in office. They're the worst president and the worst man in history. Lori Lightfoot has presided over a dystopia every weekend. We look at how many children are dying in Chicago. We look at what Joe Biden is doing. I mean, what are they going to run on? We want to sexually groom your children. We want to have grown men go to bathroom with your daughters. We're going to keep your children locked in, felt in schools. We want to let them fit and all come across the border. That's the only thing they can run on. So what do they say? They hate your car and she's black and we can protect you. Well, look, says Lewis and hell is a choice. And it is. But you can unchoose it. They talk about systemic racism and institutional racism. Well, if it is an institutional racism, they are the ones that provide it because they run all the institutions in the black community. They run the schools. They run the churches. They destroy them all. Yeah, it's institutional racism caused by them. They talk about white privilege. Well, let me tell you something. It is privilege to be white and it's also a privilege to be black. It's a privilege to be living in America. It's a privilege to me to be a Christian. And for the Christians in the ghetto, let me tell y'all, you can come above this. You're an air of Jesus Christ. You're a son of God. Nobody can oppress you. Nobody is better than you. There's no racism that can hold you down. Stand up. Look at these people in the eye and tell them who you are. You are an American. You're strong. You're resilient and you'll get through this. Amen. Ignore what they say, watch what they do. Vince Everett-Ellison always called us to come and sense appreciate his documentaries out this week. It was great. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.