 So Mark Milley says he didn't know there were drag queen story hours going on at military basis, but maybe more significantly. He's also not sure where all the weapons that were sending to Ukraine have wound up. So yesterday, Joe Manchin, Democrat from West Virginia, asked Milley if he could speak to his, quote, confidence in the U.S. NATO-Ukrainian weapons accountability. Here was his response. We do not have any uniform troops or civilians for that matter accompanying Ukrainian forces in the front line. We do have folks working out of the embassy, so they're working at the Ministry of Defense level. And that's as far as our hands-on accountability goes. We do have some other means through reporting that the Ukrainian's report to us, and I'll be happy to talk about that in a classified session. But there are some means and mechanisms doing some accountability. It is not as rigorous as you might think. Yeah, not as rigorous. JD Vance has served the United States Marine Corps. Now he serves the United States Senate, representing the State of Ohio. He joins us tonight. Senator, thank you so much for coming. So when you hear the chairman of the Joint Chiefs say we're not exactly sure where the advanced weapons systems are going, how do you feel about that? Well, Tucker, it's outrageous, but unfortunately it confirms what we basically already know, which is that we've sent $113 billion, probably more than that. Tucker, probably more like $130 billion to the most corrupt country on the face of the planet. And we have no real idea how those resources have been spent. The most important part of this Tucker, and I've done a very deep dive into this, is we do not make enough bullets in this country to support multiple fronts of multiple wars. I have to talk about bullets. I mean, ammunition, munitions, artillery shells, some of the advanced missile systems. So when we talk about sending $120 billion worth of weapons to Ukraine, those are weapons that we could not send to Taiwan or other parts of the world that would actually be in the service of American national interest. This entire idea that we can focus on Russia and we can focus on China is a farce. These guys shipped our entire industrial base to China in the first place. We don't make enough of our own weapons. And the fact that we're sending it to Ukraine with so little accountability is the very reason why China's threat and power is growing in the world today. Yeah. And we're about to lose the US dollars, the world's reserve currency and tank our economy. I agree with that. I wonder has there been a concerted effort from the Congress to find out who's gotten rich from this? Many people have clearly. Do we know who they are? We don't know who they are, Tucker. And part because the Biden administration won't give us answers. I actually submitted a letter, one of the first things that I did as a US senator is asked for a full accounting of where the resources that we've sent to Ukraine have gone. The Biden administration has been very resistant, even classified settings to be honest with us. And, Tucker, I have to be honest with you. I'm not sure it's if it's because they have no idea where those 120 billion dollars have gone or if they just don't want to tell us. But what we can be almost certain is that some very dark, very, very evil people have gotten very wealthy from that 120 billion dollars. I hope that it's done some good too, but the simple fact is we don't know and there has not been a full accounting of this stuff. The recklessness is just awe inspiring. I mean, it's just drunk driving the whole country. I mean, it's unbelievable. Senator Vance of Ohio, I appreciate you coming on tonight. Thank you. Thanks, Tucker. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.