 Good evening and welcome to Tucker Carlson tonight. I'm Wilkane in for Tucker and it's a big day. It's a big day for the Irish and the president of the United States would like to wish all of you a happy St. Patty St. Patrick's, you know, the thing. Joe Biden loves St. Patrick's day because he's told us for decades. He's Irish. He's even in the Irish American Hall of Fame. His secret service code name is Celtic. That's how Irish he is. Joe Biden's proud of that. Here he was today with the Irish Prime Minister. Every St. Patrick's Day, every Irishman goes out to find another Irishman to make a speech to. Well, that's why I'm here. I like all of you take pride in my Irish ancestry. And as long as I can remember, it's been sort of part of my soul. I've been raised. He takes pride in his ancestry, but he did go on to joke that he's not really Irish because, well, he's sober. And his family isn't in jail. At least not yet. Because get it, the Irish drink, and they get arrested a lot. Watch. I've been to Ireland many times, but not to actually look up to find my actual family members. And there are so many. And they actually weren't in jail. They were all, but all kidnocide and met the bluits and the Finnegans and all of the folks who were related to them. The only Irish we ever met though, it's never had a drink. So I'm OK. I'm really not Irish. Well, watching all this, you have to wonder how Joe Biden's countrymen in the Puerto Rican community are thinking tonight. For years, Joe Biden has told us that Puerto Ricans raised him. And yet here he is giving all the credit to the Irish. They probably feel pretty slided in Puerto Rico. Or maybe they're relieved, either way, the facts of Joe Biden's biography are getting harder and harder to pin down. You see, it's not just to put a recon to her being airbrushed away. What about all the polls? I mean, the Greeks who played key roles in Joe Biden's upbringing. See, when it's not St. Patrick's Day, Joe Biden talks about them a lot. You know, I grew up in a heavily Irish Catholic community in Scranton, Pennsylvania, in a heavily Italian Polish community in Clamont, Delaware. I also want to acknowledge someone else who means a great deal to our family. Rabbi Michael Beals of the Congregation of Best Shalom in Wilmington, Delaware. That's where I received my education. I probably went to shul more than many of you did. You all think I'm kidding? We have a very relative terms, large Puerto Rican population in Delaware. I was sort of raised in the Puerto Rican community at home. I got my education for real in the Black Church. And that's how I perfectly have the fact. I'm an honorary Greek, not only today, not only today, but every day. Black Puerto Rican, Greek, pole, Italian, Jewish, Puerto Rican. I think I said that one twice. We're just going to have to take Joe's word for it, because it's Friday. And it's also kind of funny to imagine this beneton of an upbringing, if it were true, even though it's clearly not true. So we got to ask, how does a Puerto Rican Greek Irishman celebrate St. Paddy's Day? Well, we've been able to identify that Joe Biden has something of a tradition for this holiday. First, he makes fun of the Irish, while at the same time bragging about himself. Here was Joe Biden last year, for example. Let's be father from about to sin. I just want you to know, I may be Irish, but I'm not stupid. I may be Irish, but I'm not stupid. That was last year. This year, I may be Irish, but I'm not drunk and in jail. Joe Biden's been at this for a while, so the subtlety of his insults is gone. But back in the day, Joe Biden was more clever. He found more inventive ways to slight his Irish guests. On St. Patrick's Day back in 2010, for example, Biden memorialized the mother of Ireland's prime minister, even though she was very much alive. The T-Shick knows a lot about it. His mom lived in Long Island for 10 years or so. God rest her soul. And although she's, wait, your mom's still alive as your dad passed. God bless her soul. I'm going to get to straight. It's a big one to not have straight. You can feel, I mean, it's electric. Joe Biden's enthusiasm for St. Patrick's Day in these videos. It's infectious, in fact, as Kamala Harris told us today, Joe Biden's love of this holiday is authentic. And of course, no one is better to judge authenticity than Kamala Harris. Watch. As you all know, Vice President Biden, this was one of his most particular joys as Vice President. And as you all know, he is quite exuberant in that joy. And I now have caught the bug. LAUGHTER Joe Biden takes St. Patrick's Day seriously. I really can't talk. I use my hands a lot to talk. But how seriously does Joe Biden take St. Patrick's Day? We can't confirm this. But there are reports tonight that Biden's famous showdown with Corn Pop resulted from Mr. Pop, not having the proper reverence for St. Patrick's Day. He refused to wear green, and I, Rischo, had no choice but to teach him a lesson. And Corn Pop was a bad dude. And he ran a bunch of bad boys. He said, I'll be waiting for you. He was late murder of three guys and straight razors. Not a joke. And he cut off his six foot and left a chain. He folded up. He said, you walk out with that chain. And you walked in the car and say, you may cut me, man, but I'm going to wrap this chain around your head. The truth, that truly is one of the greatest hits of politics. That clip never gets old. It is solid gold. Now, again, we cannot be sure that Corn Pop had offended Joe Biden's Irish Puerto Rican Greek Polish Italian ancestry. But it's starting to look like the most likely theory. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.