 So a lot of people claim that professional wrestling is fake. Well, how fake is it? We thought we would talk to an actual professional wrestler, in fact, one of the most famous, Haksa Jim Duggan, and he respectfully disagrees. We talked to him for a brand new episode of Tucker Carlson today. Here's part of it. Back then, do you think it's fake? You come up in a ring with him. We're showing this fake or not. So he had to fight every local tough guy there is, you know? Of course, that's the old joke. You're always a phony wrestler until you go to court. You go to court, you're just trained killer. It goes like a 10, 20, 30,000 every time you hit him, that loss who goes up, you know, they're like, I'm going to sell you. I said, I'm getting my money's worth. We're not done, brother. So what were the guys? So this was, even though it was in the 70s, it wasn't in the 20s, but was really a different time, right? Much different business. It was a really rough, tough carnival type business. So back then, people were marks. You try to work them out of their money. Now, it's sports entertainment, international business. What does that mean they were marks you try to work them out of their money? Well, like a carnival type term, you know, people you're trying to work them out of their money. Give them, give them your money somehow. Try to work them out of their money. That's, was never my idea. I said, I put out in performance, those folks pay to come watch me perform. Were you on the road? And it was. That's one of the hard things about wrestling as a road, you know. Especially back then, and the old WWF, which was the golden age of wrestling. Yeah. All Cogan, Jake the Snake, of course. Macho Man, Andre the Giant. Yeah, you would work all the time because you didn't have contracts. If you didn't work, you didn't get paid. If you got hurt. You didn't have contract? No, no, no. If you're wrestling, you got paid. So if you were on top, like I was working with Andre the Giant, I knocked Andre out with my 2x4. Were you on top? I worked with him 54 nights straight. Later on that same interview, Haksa told us about how a humm-in-vader, unfortunately for him, showed up at his home, and he detained the man using his 44. You can watch the whole interview with Haksa Jim Duggan, now on FoxNation. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.