 Chris Miller is the former acting secretary defense, the author of Soldier Secretary. He joins us tonight. Mr. Miller, thank you so much for coming on. Forging an alliance between Russia and China seems like the end of American power in a lot of the world in a massive new threat that dwarfs anything Putin has ever done in Ukraine. Why would they allow this to happen? Do they want this to happen? What's the thinking? You know? Tucker, first, I have to go there. The Vectjust announced that he's going to run for President. Did I hear that right in the last segment? He did, yes. That's just amazing. So I'm literally second fiddle. But you know, he basically gave, I thought, a great foreign policy lay down for where we should be going forward on this. Your question though, I got to tell you, you know, the President, I'm going to give him props for, you know, his speech writers gave a pretty good speech. And you know, I look forward to him coming back to the United States and going out to Palestine, you know, hi, we're going down in the border and saying the same sort of things. That's irony, Tucker, you know that because I'm generation X and I'm like a letterman guy, right? So my point simply is we spent a trillion dollars a year on national defense. And my point from my book is Holy Cow that we have to look at this differently. And we need to bring that money home and spend it on things here in America to make America stronger. And my point about China and Russia is so valid. I'll be a little bit counterfactual on you or a little bit iconoclastic. I think Chairman G and the Chinese Communist Party are laughing all the way to the bank right now as they play us again. Well, sure. But you know, military and economic alliances are going to affect our economy. You've got to think China's primary goal is to make money, right? I mean, it's a business-slash government. And if China and Russia are alive, China providing, I mean, Russia providing the raw materials, I mean, this just makes the Chinese trade block much bigger and us much weaker, does it not? Yeah, with the 2,500 mile border between China and Russia and with Russia focused on Ukraine to the West right now, I got to think the Chinese Communist Party is just licking their lips going. We couldn't ask for better because you know as well as I do, they have serious limitations on their natural resources and it all lies to the north. So you know, it's a little bit of an off the wall answer, but I think the Chinese are playing the long game. You know, we, as you highlight so much on your show is we have this short view and we need it. And frankly, Vivek said the same thing. We have to look long-term and I think the Chinese probably are playing is both pretty well. Of course they are, as always, and we're letting Chris Miller. Thank you so much for joining us tonight. Thanks for having me, Tucker. Really important issues. Thanks for the hard hit and journalism you're doing. Thank you. Subscribe to the Fox News YouTube channel to catch our nightly opens stories that are changing the world and changing your life from Tucker Carlson tonight.