 You ready? You game? I'm game. City Park court laid down tonight. And away we go, grizzings. Have it first. Now it's starting lineup. Both of these things are really good execution. And their first plays start to damage Aaron. Get it into the pain in the area there. No help. Is he's early six point lead. Murray. Four three. There's John Day Murray. Having himself a career year. Jaron again on the attack against Capella Lees in at Scoop's and Scores. Now for Jaron Jackson Jr. He said 10 double digit first quarters and well on his way. Murray, a pull-up three. And the John Day Murray, who is just one of seven from three in the victory over Cleveland. The other thing too is he had bugged out of it with his head on his will not sure where to go. Murray with the pull-up. And the John Day Murray. He cooked the grizzlies hit 10 to 15 in the first meeting for 26 points. The great pass and on Dama trying to build off an outstanding fourth quarter in Philadelphia with the finish. Vince Able turn the corner locker. Jaron ho! Offensive rebound. That will be a move. So there's a move going to visit. Jaron, little cross over trying to create space. Finds all Dama. His three. Fox seventh offensive rebound already tonight. Murray, beautiful cross over at Sands and Scores. And does not they Murray four or five from the floor and he has a double figure first quarters. Laravia thought about the pull-up. Sondi driving in, laying it in. Got around garrison Matthews. Time out take it by foot slider. Indian Atlanta Hawks. Not sure why. Breven is that what people in the gym do? Yeah, that's what us gym people get really like to show. All the work that you put in. And he, or come on, see his face that we all remember that you put in moving those weights. The lack of size. We bring my own. With deep things. They like to see. Yeah, lack of size they will have. Now, Jaron goes on. They bring two bigs. And to the game, you can set up. And Brezy is at the very active with their hands bugged out of it. Lost it. Gave him a lot of the steal. Gabriel played his count basketball. And a pen stick here. Will Marr Stevens. And fanically. He's been a journeyman. One of those guys that seems to call on. Because of the offensive ability that was in the link that he has of Murray. It's a he's a cook offensive. Came from underneath the free throw line. And now the bigger guys on the floor kind of clogged up that area. And Murray. It's an an-roll. And that's some different life and voices into the game. Gabriel spins. And there's the big stuff for Jemisin. It's not a Gabriel. Second quarter for whatever reason has been a poor scoring quarter. And a four point differential quarter for the Grizzlies this year. Fought down of it. Creechie. Lost. Cappell finishes. And it's a four point game. It has been a head scratcher there. And a head scratcher with second quarters. Even after the hot first quarter that the Grizzlies have. On shot for three. It's through. That ends a seven-o by Lannarond. Score here in the second quarter to this corner. That's Grizzlies one of six from deep. And there's a three-o-one set against Cappella. Nice spin. Faces up. Gills. And his first hit. Burst bucket for Jeren here in quarter number two. Lead back to seven. The Jante Murray on a blow-by. 21 for the Jante Murray. And Atlanta a chance for their first lead of the game. Well, Donovan for the lead. And Atlanta's all the way back from 14 down. We'll tell you all those energy plays that Grizzlies were making. I haven't had them here in a second quarter. Jeren hits the hook. Just a 50-o-go lead a period for the Grizzlies. I found it. They gotta be an honest one. No, my mom will not be happy. Tell her it's honest. Well, Donovan trying to weave his way. Fights Cappella who lays it up and in. Cappella just his second field goal of the game. He's got six. No looping hard for the Grizzlies tonight. No Gigi Jackson called out appeals in the lane. Conscied the offense of rebound. No reason to shock butt. And Jordan Goodwin puts in a wrong tune. Jeren working against Cappella. And the rebound city pay. Well, as good as the Grizzlies, whereas as much as the Grizzlies struggle wrap around for Cappella, he lays it up and in and draws a foul. He is absolutely fantastic as an artist. I'll drop a quarter-three puts it in out of the timeout of the Grizzlies. Get a three-point make. Fish, what do they talk about in that timeout? Well, Jeren gets it taken away there. The flip side of that, the Grizzlies have gone four or 14 since that first quarter. And now backed about three's by the Grizzlies. The Hawks picked him. Jeren, one on one with Cappella. What's your baseline? You do a foul. Yes! And the foul. What's your not doing in his instant? Murray with a foul line jumper. Rebound Cappella. Blocked by Jeren. Ball loose. Picked up by Crachy. Murray hits the three off the second chance. The attacking zone of the Atlanta Hawks. Murray, got the step, got the finish. Timeout for the Grizzlies. They've been able to force two and they've scored on both. Nuzhante Murray, deep three, put it in. Murray, four of seven from downtown. Very gemis in the marsh. Steve is in for the Grizzlies. The Andre 100 had it not three. Steve is running the four. Murray's back. From our to the couple, he's in. That is how the Grizzlies. Jeren in space, sets up bits. Up big, relocate, three, splat. They held Cleveland to 12 the other night and before it. And you think about it? This is almost the same way we were talking. He's Murray in the Grizzlies. He thinks that they're switching the screen and is giving them a big wall one. Stevens against block down of it. Shot clock. The gate clock rather down to 10. Bits, curls in the lane. Dubbock, gemis in another two on the other. Tied for the most in the NBA. Chicago also has died. Bits getting a little bit of fully ball going there. And the Grizzlies up the first score of the fourth. They started in Vincillin, Virginia. Last two games, Grizzlies of average. 30 points in the fourth quarter. The Andre 100 with the three. 12, three point make for Atlanta tonight. We're going to get Screechy. Back down, straightaway. No, Gabriel offensive rebound. The stick back. Ringing Gabriel. That's the bucket. And Atlanta calls for time. Vinc for three put it in. Vincillin is third triple of the game. 14 for Vincillin. There's nothing we always talked about. Fourth quarter, how many shots of possession can Grizzlies play over five seconds answer makes that corner three. Not because that Atlanta's blocker allows shot. No. Arabia, a rhythm three. And Gabriel, a second three point make for the game for him. Hunter. Somehow got it back. Dejante Murray gets the three. 37 for Dejante Murray. Get the Grizzlies and get somebody going north and south. Aldama against Hunter. Spin's end, check, Emerson down. Time out Atlanta. Sunday evening, they're leading Miami by six with about two minutes remaining. In Oklahoma City. Four minutes remaining in regulation Murray drives Elevates and hits again 39 for Dejante Murray. Grizzlies set a crowd after Murray. Extra pass. Capella, nowhere to go. Three by block, down to the pitch and. Armory was going to leave Murray. And all here going down the stretch. Makes it a five point game. Arabia through the lane. Here's his left hand. This is left hand. Feed away. Highest career high. Grizzlies two game winning streak will come to an end. Atlanta will have one three of the last four here.