 You ready? You game? I'm game. And allowed Murray to do this, take Anthony, but West did not allow that. He watered the match up, and if it ain't him, it's going to be Murray. So they're going to be on Ant all night long. Murray with the SWART leading to a bugged out of its dribble drive and its compelling. And the good thing about it is that he's a player and he's a player that's very well aware of the great career he had here in the TRL. He's a uniform, but still a competitor and heart. But there, that's what happens when Anthony Simon runs along the baseline. It counts to eight straight away with five to shoot. That would dancing off Kamara. Three loads and place it up and then he looked away for a moment. The Atlanta defenders were frozen. They do have enough firepower though to beat you and they've had two nice road victories in their last two outings. Turn around jump, look like a pelter. You don't need to say anything. Just go the other way. Where's that the mic going? You've got to say Simon. The assassin Murray comes down to. He is a handful as we mentioned. On the advance Kamara to the baseline. The crazy rhythm terminates the dribble wide open of D from the elbows. That's nearly automatic. Yeah. Murray is spinning off the screen trying to get Kamara on his hip. Pounces into a step back jumper. He is off to it. Not good when Murray continues to a rhythm. No, it's not. This guy's in a nice little flow too. Now that they've found him, he slips the screen, drives it inside. Garrison Matthews with it. Pretty decent three point shooter. The Andre Hunter wants to go one on one. Throws in deep as he draws two to him and Fernandez there for the game. Triple penetrating into the playoffs a few years ago. The Blazers aren't calling him out. They're calling him up. They know he's got so much more to get. He's trying to refine his games. Well, Donovan's friendly. That's a deep one from the half. Oh, Donovan goes. Donovan. Now, why do you think that? Why do you think that? It'd be a nice feature here on the front. Okay. All right. Plant that seed in the bind of Greg Fonseca. The middle to get the basketball. Simon's jam. He spins away from Matthews and scores. That's a tough shot. Man, very tough shot. Atlanta did their job on that. Lannison. Playing now is 46th game, Scoot Anderson. Still a group of minutes for Scretch. And that's one of the reasons he did not start tonight. You want to bring him off the bench tonight. He's got the one that's been collected here by Murray Grabby and loops an outlet here to Simon. Because right at the defender Matthews. And links it up and in. He don't want the reversible. Oh, that's not. He's turned away at the rim and Simon's driving, drawing, kicking the hook outside of Cammara, getting it out from three, eight and tough rebound. Turn. It's 6 and 10 from three. That's what the Blazers are dealing with tonight. They've got a cow and that was offense. Simon's in deep, words off Cammara with a free arm. And that's how the team made it in an opposite corner. But that could have been four points by him in their last couple of possessions. Nice cut by Simon's drawing Matthews in deep. Bring Murray for all these suckers here tonight on the rebound. Simon's trying to shake Capella, lost it inside. And there is one towering over a hundred. Yeah, so some part of the play, but everything new at that point that all it is is a jump ball to the Andre. Throw it up. The Andre's got the smaller player. Let him go get it and figure out. And I lean into a deep frame. Reva comes down, and I stay in the only five in. He is at home, but he threw in for two. And Jeff, eight now. Is Hunter kind enough? Crachy the rebound. Revoats. And into the hands of you. No coup. 29 seconds remaining. Oh, Murray trying to unholster a pass. It's intercepted. And Henderson on the push. Good pass, coach. And he's got Simon. Simon's on the wing. Catch shoot three. Ringo is third in in the night. It's on top here by six. And the Camarra D.A. was open there for just a moment. D.A. Drawed the eyes. Bannon. Legers now five of 18 from three point land. But none of it's retreats. He looks at a triple. And he zeroes one in. The Atlanta 8-21. Good save by eight. Murray. On his side. And gets his feet squares. And there. Stay on the triple. That's it. West Matthews. Scott Clip. Does he came through on a reverse scoop? Eight and up the floor. Swings to Murray. Trying to cut by Matthews. Capast. Left in Matthews. Sanger Brian's in D.A. Over in the Atlanta organization. As he mighty gets his hands on that. Their coach entry has grown. Orgone and Ryan Smith. Coach and their G. Lee team over there now for Atlanta. Oh, you jab set. That makes the shot a little bit harder than a catch and shoot. That's not the case for D.A. And now Matisse slide in right in the lane. 85 and a half percent of those have been three point attempts. So he's looking to launch it from behind the line. Shoot 42 percent finish here. Eight in the paint again. The Atlanta's got to find another. Somebody to score the ball other than Murray who's drawing a crowd. Eight deflects it away from Fernando. Outside it comes. To an open shooter. Where is he going to go? He's up to two miles run tonight. And for the side. There's Matthews outside. Sticks a three. Garrison Matthews from University in Franklin, Tennessee. Lays his coaching staff and schooled Anderson unhappy about their play. They didn't feel like school got the opportunity to avoid contact on that. Simon C's it go through again. 4-11 from three 25.7 assists. Simon's crossing over. Drips outside and gets an open look. Eight in the rebound. Keeps it above the head. Retreats and sticks it from 12 feet. Atlanta might snake the dribble like that ball handler just did there. But that's how it's got to be rather than a direct drive to start things off. Way to end the quarter. And for the Simon. That's right Murray. Anderson intending that way. Off it comes in deep. Man, it's Hunter. That's a good one. And it's just picked up his fifth value. Fistles we're going to play on. Here's a lot of. That's offensive. Yeah, Anderson straight arm. Simon's out of the way. Because you can put that arm out there. It's for sex and. Yeah, but not extended. Not just. And. And then trying to come over the screen got collected by Kepel. At book down of its nails, the jumper. Clint Kepel. On the reset. Swings it way outside. It Murray again collection checks the clock seven issue and a three and a foul. As Thymall was contesting after review, we'll be overturned to offensive foul. Murray. Lairg. Lairg. Lairg's possession off to eight. Step back 16. Hunter want to follow through. This able in him from being able to stay upright and play defense. Lairg possession. Off to eight. Step back 16, Flutter, one of follow through. Very comes across the middle. Nothing happened there. Six to shoot out to Simon's. Poins, deep bottoms, scores. Simon's nothing but net as a good. They double T-Murray, get it out of his hands to 100. But got him at surveys. The lob inside above the cup. In a row over the course of games that the longest streak of May 3 throws he's had in his career. It gives the Blazers a lead to six, but Murray comes down. He triggers a three in an offensive rebound out of five in a row over the course of games that the longest streak of May 3 throws he's had in his career. It gives the Blazers a lead to six, but Murray comes down. He triggers a three-leaves. It's short. Capelidicks out the rebound. It's loose. It comes to Murray. They rotate it by a block. He's got it. It's blocked by Matisse Thibal. The ball comes up short and Aiden's got it for 40 seconds remaining. He'll pop out into back court to get it. And there he will begin the offense with Atlanta trailing by four. Up to three Murray. Let's apply and stuck it. Atlanta within one. They do not have the foul right away in that. It's the second. Ball bad. Come on as after. Trying to prime himself free from Hunter. He says it in bounce right to Aiden. Pump fake. Doesn't have to shoot. Outside assignments with A. Blazers lead by two. Simon's working more clock with four. Simon gets a screen in his foul and it stops the clock with three and eight-tenth seconds remaining. We'll chase them down. And they get a 91%er of the line. And Simon makes it a lead of three with three and eight-tenth seconds. Look at the free throws tonight. Ten for ten. They get 11 of 11 and Matt. 11 is one of big with a play. Murray makes a break for it. Trying to shield from five of the gives to Montgomery's turns. Fire is out of the way. Rebound Kamara. Blazers win. They fight off the end.