 You ready? You game I'm game Do shot down Inside Capella against Kirby Rose it in a great star because they give a clean Capella to be going back to work All right relentless pursuit on the glass, but no points Quickly and he finds the bottom of the basket. Well, you talked early about this Toronto team season Murray baseline. No And War quickly out in here cups quickly He is going to work at a time out for Atlanta with the heart got to find the way offensively Yachter portal Go inside and it's gonna be a land for Scotty barn Murray getting something to the basket and scourge Barnes that's the needle quickly fires a three at hits Which leads in a groove after bogey Murray again driving And scoring and that's the guy that's got it going both of the dinosaurs They they will melt away in this league pretty rapidly. Here's quickly putting it up man. This guy is up. Yeah, you could tell he's got it Murray Lost over again gets into the rack and he scores again DJ's in a good rhythm because you realize is that they've pushed a look down the floor seat to get anything early What's the name of the offense bar gets a layup as the defensive apparatus and brutal characters Scotty Barnes Well, there's two strong guys going at it with 100 defecting and barge drops it in Driving on 100 Knocked off the ball Hawks haven't seven seconds bogey down to Bruno Shuffle back to Bruce Brown for three that's good One of those great three-point shooter no better and through improves three-point shooter Bogey connects Hawks have it after the turnover That bad boy hole Tipped and stolen by bogey Trey Garrison Bullseye Good hands by the Raptors Barnes breaking that one up Trent gives to Grady deck and hill jamming And you know the fact that this round is Toronto and they have stayed in a tag mode and finally got shot to go Quickly back at it. Speaking of getting shot to the league Bogey weak side to Hunter And huh connects Great fight by the Hawks on defense now allowing Toronto to have what they want it Murray gives it back here's Hunter step back three Bob that was a great seat bouts with Trent Here's Murray to the wing and Siddy got it has a Hawks going front Wide open three in the corner loving Trent for three that's short And we've got a technical follow-up once nighter. He is going crazy and I think he just got tossed He was fighting for trade trade here comes up limping Well, we've got to go back and see what happened to Trey. I mean Quinn's nighter was airing out Eric Dalyan To Tex on Quinn. He's been ejected Kick it out Bruce Brown for three Barnes to Trent. He's been told side step three got it and usually the book on Trent when he 57 56 Runner by quickly what a half his hand 18 points 4 3 On the bounce Talks so much about Jalen Johnson's guys to lock up that last that office of rebound Drake it's free left hand laying good They get over the coaching duties Here's Dejante scoring to give Atlanta a one point in Trent strong off the glass traded a good job of being ever getting his ship Dejante We're gonna round the city And on very trend if Ranger 15 footer good if you're clinkabella you gotta show a little bit Or he steals it a brain recovery by DJ Dejante right to the hole Raptors loved to run quickly a deep pole The last time to John T Murray didn't know 78 77 oh Kelly o'Linnick breaks in all this guy a little miscommunication there Now are you looking down to Bruce Brown Raptors on the push dick something up camp in the corner Time out got you a better job of communicating the rotation hunter he dials in a tube Hunter Catching shoot bogey that's no good hunt on the follow Nice play by the average again, Brady dick a smaller player Quickly to the corner of baji that's good from three Coming back and a minimum dick to o'Linnick outside of baji three good Where this come from 32% 3th at 27 a game hawks fans and he has only six in this game hunter to the basket and nice great start Nice move by Dreak On the floor getting down and putting the pressure on the raptors in the paint inside Brown against tray and one Well, they went right at tray Double team and Trey's going to get his offense get a good transition Grady dickets inside and scores some Matthew's got caught sleeping over by Jalen Johnson Offs need to find some offense. Okay bogey Jalen I'll stick back and love the fact again Jalen creates this and isolated so hopefully that gives him some type of relief Good thing is on the left. He's a bogey come out and knock down at three much deserved what's Seven 105 raptors On the bounce portal to the corner of baji Man as he cook in the night. He has and you talk about helping finds it. Oh my quickly Hill shovel bar 12 dunk and quickly set that up with a pump fake because he's been shooting at three You got the hogs the final one 12109 Scott had looking to drive on hunter he gets to the basket and jams again and he's so good at Murray Got it back Hunter for three. Yes Huge Left shot clock at three two on Linux got to go And are you kidding me? My goodness And is you city Bang it scoring Scotty Barnes cross pork to Trent open three pulls up You know, it's that's the one guy that you can't allow to have Barnes Oletting Kelly flips it up at hand There's searching out great. Oh, they break free and Brad gets a dunk 123 to 118 Tray will launch and hit but there's only point three and the raffers get the win You