 We'll get one more. You ready? You game? I'm game. My bad moves are tough. I'm going to go home. I'm going to go home. It's over. Cola Yokech. Spring's free. Michael Porter, Jr. gets the scoring started on a good pass from Gordon. Shot clock down to three. And out Tatum, a let it fly. That's a good sign early. Tatum and Brown really struggled from three point range in their matchup in Boston in mid-January. Tatum and Porzingis. And now Porzingis, the turnaround is good. What a difference maker he's been for the Celtics this year. Been a perfect system for Porzingis. There's Gordon on the receiving end that time. As Yokech sets him up beautifully. Holiday taking Porter inside, lays it in. Holiday Cutsman, Yokech got a hand on that. Forces the turnover. Now White takes it right back. Brown running with him for the lob. And then for top six in the league. And few as turnovers. As Yokech drops Porzingis, it's a dunk. A rare dunk. Last two years, Yokech has way more triple doubles than he does. Dunks is Brown answers on the other end. That's a technical foul on Jalen Brown. Murray turns a corner. Murray strong gets inside and scores. Yokech hits the deck. Austin pushes it here after the make. Brown taking on Gordon. Brown lays it in. Jalen Brown. He's got some purpose to him tonight. Yokech at the controls. And now Porter who has been on fire. Lately, Coach, he's come out of the All-Star break, raining in the three pointers. He buries his first. Denver had their six field goals. All assistant is Jason Tatum. Iso gets to the top and knocks down the midrange jump shot. Switch there. I got the mismatch. Reggie Jackson just into the game gets abused by Porzingis inside. Austin may be the best team in the league at exploiting mismatches. Yokech gets it deep. Turn around. Jumper is good. Gotta go quick here. Murray guarded by holiday. Now, Tillman, he lets it fly. Oh, Jamal Murray. A highlight to end the first corner. I heard you telling your team, we got to play physical. As far as Jokers concerned, how do you think you guys are doing? It's thus far on here. You got a couple deep paint catches that we can push to catch out a little bit earlier, but that's pretty good so far. Murray pulls it. Got it. Gets it over Jalen Brown. White misses Brown offensive rebound. Jalen Brown in traffic gets his own twice. Gets another one, Cursey. Tillman, it goes and won. A lot of fight in the Celtics on that possession. White picks up Murray. They clear it out. Orford comes to help. And Murray caches another one in. He's got 10. Tillman ends up on Murray. Pass the tough patch up for Tillman. He's moving his feet, staying with him. Shot clock at five. Murray trying to get by him. Little hesitation. Oh, silky smooth. Veteran move with one hand off the glass. And now, Pritchard for three. Look good out of his hand. He missed it. Brown another offensive rebound. That's the ninth for the Celtics and Brown scores with the left hand. Nice finish. And he pulls up for three here. Brown over Brown. Jalen Brown having a second quarter here. Jackson takes on for Zengus. Yokech missed the layup. Gets his own and puts it back. Then relieves it by four with a ball. Yokech opens his pieces with for Zengus. Well, White as well as Brown. Looks right. So if he's having trouble with the back. He's not showing it after that Miss Dung. Yokech got it. Such great touch. Deflection called well poked in transition here. Is Porter any hammers at home? Either one of these teams force a lot of turnovers. But when they do, they've both been effective. Brown going strong hangs and scores. Keep doing always the energy. Oh, Aaron Gordon. A perfect leave. And the reverse jam. For Zengus. Good answer for the Celtics. Aaron Gordon six to on the timer to finish this half. Yokech has got to pull one up here. And he does off the glass. That too many easy baskets and Denver. Great at moving without the ball. And Yokech obviously a great pass. So is porzingus knocks down a three to get Boston started? As porzingus rings the bell again. Boston is struggling from the three point line. Is Brown gets it to the basket and lays it in. KCP had the right idea, but Yokech wasn't looking. And now Brown on the runaway. And we're tied again at 64. Yokech backing down porzingus. He gives them some room. Wow tough shot by the Kola Yokech back on the Celtics down to there goes Tatum. He drives cups it finishes it. Jason Tatum barrels his way to the basket. It goes Michael Porter. Gordon right there exploding to the basket and left handed jam. Porter cuts. Porter lays it in. Beautiful movement by the nuggets. Great passing. Gordon fakes it. Oh Gordon a move in the finish. That is a tough finish. Here's Tatum now. Gives it up porzingus. And he rips another one from the wing. So Christophe's porzingus. His third made three pointer gives him 19. Yokech goes to work on porzingus gets it deep and scores it easily. Unstoppable right there up ahead. It is Porter and Porter denied. Porzingus with a block. Jalen Brown trying to turn it into points. Does so what a sequence there for Boston. Nuggets lead his nine is Brown sticks another one. 32 for Jalen Brown. Well the bench is given the nugget a lot of production tonight. Wow what a finish by Brown. How did he do it Jackson again. Here's Yokech's now. Reset three to shoot into the corner. It goes called well Pope. Take care of it and work for a great shot every time. Is what Jalen Brown doing is out of concern. Of course it is yet 12 point set quarter. Tatum drives strong finish by Jason Tatum. Needed that now Murray Murray. Change directions Murray open. Barry's it time out Joe Mizzula Brown set up by Tatum. Got it. Jalen Brown for three big shot for Boston. Here's Watson. Jalen Brown another rebound up ahead. Holiday holiday lays it in. And now Michael Malone wants to tie it out. Almost a turnover Watson. Oh Watson explodes with a two handed jam. Benches been excellent for Denver. They get production from their bench. They are tough to beat. Poor thing is turn around jumper is good. Tatum running with Drew holiday bounce pass. Holiday lost the handle. Celtics giving right back Murray pushes Murray up top Gordon. Hammer's at home. Tatum ends up on Yokecatch. All stars going at it. Yokecatch somehow gets it to Gordon that baseline run. And now a chance to add to it. Yokecatch lost the handle arguing with the refs. Tony Brothers led them argue. He's going to call the T on him right now. Brown lays it in and Yokecatch gets it to the first thing. Brown Tatum a four piece Murray trying to get it to Yokecatch. He does and scores it over holiday. Caught a deep easy bucket for the Coli Yokecatch. Holiday drives holiday scores easily. Boston pushing it here. Derek White looking for help finds for Zingas. For Zingas with Yokecatch on him tough shot. He's got it. Christophe for Zingas hits a big one. Yokecatch and for Zingas he spins off him. Miss it. Oh, Aaron Gordon the follow jam. Drew holiday for three. Oh, that's a big hit. Drew holiday makes it a three point game. For Zingas, all the Yokecatch. They clear it out. Yokecatch pounding it spins. Yokec's lays it in. Tony triple double tonight for Yokecatch. 32 now. Big possession. Holiday not afraid. And Drew holiday. Plotts three pointer in the corner. Two point game. Yokecatch a couple of spins. Yokecatch the hook. No, he leads it for Gordon. What a pass. A hook pass. Brown again fires. No good. And that'll take us to the finish line. For the first time since November 8th. The Celtics. Loose back to back games. And an impressive effort by the rating champs. Led by the finals MVP, Nicola Yokecatch.