 You ready? You game? I'm game. My bad moves are too high. A win against the Phoenix Suns 117-107. Tied him leading him in that game with 29 more to 10. Porford to screened, screened, rolled, knocked down, both Carrams free, diving forward, Grant. Richard picks it up. Two nothing points. The program this father started. They became a national power led by Payton's hard work. And he's going to be going against a guard like Anthony Simon. All eight. Blazers will bring it across eight. Well, right up the floor, face up on Porford. And get to that sweet spot 15 feet straight away and knock it down. Simon serving, Loves it, whoa, pinning white inside his eight. Coming in in the second wave as Porford to deflect it, actually get the block. All be it a great defensive guard in Derek White, but still the Andre is supposed to win that matchup. Derek White lanes into a triple and knocks it down. He's shooting. Denver winning the matchup on Tarje in Denver, 115-109. Yokech, 32 points, 12-3, bounce 11 assists. Boston first must solve that mystery, trying to... That's a nice order perimeter. And then also stop their passing, particularly, when they got teammates who shoot the three. The way that's cool, apparently wants to shoot it. And there's some drops the Blazers to within two. J-N-M goes to work. Simon's on him, quickly turns and finds Porford, spreading the floor with his ability to shoot. He able sitting in the help position, because he knew T-M could do this shoot over the top of Anthony Simon's. And so T-M made the pass the time before. Now that you gave him enough opportunity, he's going to be solid. He's going to shoot the ball well. He's going to make the right decisions. Almost sounds like I'm talking about Anthony Simon's. That's him. Kamara, Fible, and Scoot Henderson on the floor. It's Richard stepping through, and a beautiful lob up top to the big man. Of the shooters like the lob. Running into the play. J-N-M works his way inside with that inside out, left hand dribble drive. Richard puts his head down nice into the lane to the glass. Lobster to the can, up top, and it's Halzer again at the wreck. He collects Reeth who goes down into the heat. Scoot Henderson sets up on a reed screen into the lane to the glass. Unfurls a finger roll, but well defended in there by Cornett. They break out with Richard, finding Taneum on the trail for the two hand jam. But the glazes were not able to pass in, and here's Halzer trilling. Now, Kev, 85, and a half percent of Halzer's career shots. 819 field goal attempts have come from the three-point line. And Halzer has the defenders to kind of force you into it, especially when Porziggas and Halzer are playing. Cornett has saw the screen center. Taneum, the Anders end to come up to screen on Simon's. Brown off the pick, Simon's under the screen, Brown into the lane, running right hander, up and in for the 6-6, J-N-M Brown. Simon's stopped there by the Blazers, and has started with Simon's not allowing Brown to get into the bucket. And now they come back, and they go to your point. And then they find it there. School of fire. That's one off the art. And the rebound grab by the Barstead Selvix Taneum, quickly to white. Has men strung out, goes one on three. In transition, that's the ninth most in the NBA. So they're either off and running, or they're picking you apart in a half-court with the three-point shooter. Speaking of three-point shooter. How about LaTizzi? And in the near corner is Chris Burr. That was a good coaching call from the sidelines from Post-Billocks Company. No one to tell takes. That was bothered by the Chief Scytheball. It's the appeal to be bothered. Here's Simon's coming off the screen for Nathan. Reworks it and knocks down a triple. He is one on the pole to win in five. Brown has a piece by Fobo, recovered by Brown. Scrolls into the lane, and snakes a hook with a left hand. Simon's off a screen. Good close closeout by white. Blazer Ben Stoddy has been found. Here they come the other way after the turnover. And the Boston Celtic score on a three on two. And it comes on the rookie Murray Strait Arms. It turns the corner, gains the edge to end jam. And since the way things worked out, because Boston, no matter who gets it, that person can start the break. They don't give you a chance to get the matchups you want. I'm operating on a double-team shut pass to Brown. Slashes in. Browse contact. Related up and in through the contact. Brown was 17 in the first half. Coming in there on that exchange on a hand off to Grant. Here's Henderson into the lane. Flicks a high lob in there to eat. Gain space on white. And then flashes it to him. You got five sets of eyes on white. Off it comes to Brown. Drives into the lane. Nice to the glass. And the acrobatic Brown. Yeah. Murray with it. Shrips out a back court. Into the lane. Recaeds his balance and lays it in over. Scoop the three. Long rebound. Tritchard. Downhill. Tane him two hands. Jam four on one. That time Boston. These are shooting at a reasonable clip. 47% real. Tritchard off the screen. Gives it take. He had a notion. Now he'll drive it. Two defenders and finger roll to the left. And had an open three. He just took his time. And knew he was going to get it a bucket regardless. Brown just wards off anybody that's smaller than him. To money because he's got a lot. Eight single coverage. Spending into a court-strew fade. Guys, the Texas legends did get the win. But the guys stayed the entire time. They were up on their feet. Like I mentioned, cheering on their friends. It's really important for them to know that yes, they are in their town. And when they have the day off, they will choose to spend it supporting them. I thought that was great. But when was the illegal contact? They say no. Common foul. Play on. School with a bucket. Third foul on white. He has. School. And if you're controlled by Henderson up the floor behind the back, into the lead to the glass. Lay it up and in. Grant works up in a front court and sees Brown standing there. He'll take him into the paint. Rolls in there with a bank right hander from the left side. Opening up the... They're one of the harder teams when you switch to get underneath. It's a position your body between them and the bucket. And if you don't do that, they get it all because the rebound. They get another look at it. Has more than him. With 23. But even if he doesn't get his hands on it, he's going to be near it. Enough to buy it. Okay, go on. We can put it on the floor. We can comfort and get to that bucket. How is your... On a tendon of three is up in any... Jada. On the corn-edged screen. Into the lane, backs off, reeds and lays it home. On Camarra, and he comes. The six-eight Camarra defense. But he finds a way, Tadam. Tadam, cracks in the deep one and a bank. Hederson behind the back. Granted a traffic loss to Handel. Talked in the other way. How is your catch shoot three? Drolet. Simon's comes down quickly. Heddeban. Banned him good. Getting into the paint. Nice lob. On the run. Eight and collects it. Above the reminleting. Camarra on Fretcher. Little hesitating. He's in dress. He lays it up in it. Just that little shimmy. Yeah. He's got that. Heddeban sees it double. Camarra, centering pass to Hederson. It's in deep bottom white. As it takes, he's back in scores. Tadam. Working. Seagal double tip. Camarra trying to reach in. Tadam spins away from that pressure and takes Simon's in deep. Ritz, watch your favorite teams on. Rude sports and Rude sports plus using the app. The Andreane doesn't when he's not crabbing it. The uppers to the eight and nine. 22 and 12. Foster not's not by 16. He was able to score that last block because Horford did not get underneath the switch. On the end bouts, Grandpa Handle. From the kids, that may be the easiest shot. Four percentage in the league. But yet, there's still so difficult to go. But those kind of looks right there. Those are the bonus looks. Tom Hammer, strobe, what about that? That matchups with Denver. He goes to run over the weekend, but he has one game. Even a game when Deandre went out with the hand. Andreane, he had a double, double in that game. But full going out of the league. It was terrific. So he has been a consistent white spot. So the boss and Salis, Pritchard stays on. He takes a number of points. Let's go to 50 and 14 on the year. 21 and 11 on the road. The Blazers go to 18 and 46 for the season.