 We'll get one of the one. You ready? You game? I'm game. Meanwhile Steve Clifford in his seventh season he'll go with Cecilia Miesic, Brandon Miller, Miles Bridges, Grant Williams, and Nick Richards. Yeah, I'll be hit that three to put it up 96-93. You see I'll be here on the drive, scoring the first points. There's Miller coming off of that curve. And listen. I just find it some space in the mid-range and not so bad. Yeah, it is. I'm going to have to rush on home through the roller. Each each on the drive turns the basketball over. Who's my low look ahead to the ball? Lee. Who's the man of the round? In terms of character in this organization, and Amber Nichols, the capital city go-go. General manager, Cecilia Jewel's Bernard, sitting on the wisdom bench. Andrew, we've talked about it over the years of just the synergy between these. You want the weather report for the next four cities? You'll bring the air muskows. We don't need that till the end. This is what their largest lead at 10. Miller behind his back in the paint and float are no good, but there's Nick Richards. They're to clean it up. And that's what I'm talking about with Brandon Miller. Jenny Secures his third rebound. Now getting inside with the pass, the homes with the hook shot is good. And Michigan State on Michigan here with Bridges on the drive. Follows the shot and scores. Cool. Inside as Richards blocks it. Couple headficks by Amarui. Miller is also first and three pointers made at 130 coming in. Among rookies Richards. Thank you, Mr. Wendo already to throw that lob to Rishan. Uh-oh, watch your head. Miles Bridges. That's what he's used to doing. Ties Jones back into the game running the point. He passes it over to Kisper. Here's Kooz. Find him some... He's using that paint. Scores. Now go to the line for a three point foot. Rims that three is involved. Brickish A's out in the back court to Grant Williams. There's Williams for three. Now's the first three going down. And the morning started old for 17. The ability to knock down three is one for 18. And you know, we get to the foul line, Chris. They're laughing really good doing just that. Only two three throw attempts. Wow, leaving the way and scoring so far for the Wizards. But you got to get out from Bertens. Doesn't matter how many he's missed, he's going to take the next one he sees. Allen's coming up. A little bit limp there on the knee. Here's Bridges. As he gets the bucket and the foul, that person will be called on Kyle Koozma. Williams, no. Bertens, Kyle was blocked by the rookie. Man, that was quick, right? There's Kooz with a floater over Bridges and score. Meach on the drive. Another block by Washington. Williams, women. Passes inside to Meach and score. Eight blocks, all ready for the Washington Wizards. JP scores and looks for a foul. The second quarter has been a good one for Corey Kisbert, all nine at his points have come in this frame. Meach is a layup. Rebound. Get to the half. Shot clock at four for Bridges. He uses his right hand and scores off blast. There's a middle of Drew Good, Megan McPete with you here on Monumental Sports Network. Washington with a three-point lead. Steyas Jones trying to get the scoring started for Washington. That's not already. This is how the 21-point lead against the magic score, squandering into the fourth quarter. Bill Owl getting to the ground. He's got 11 saw it early in the first quarter. Where's the double-set? You got to be careful. Got to communicate on the fence of him when there's rotations like that. But that wide open three. Born and started over 17 from three to now four for 24. Denny going to baseline, counting in one. It is high. Similar to what you kind of see in what Brandon Miller did tonight. Right. There's coups on a drive and a tough finish. Who's into the body of the shot blocker Nick Richards? Steyas, what about the season high and shot blocking? What they liked about the way they were able to contest shots in that first half? And they did like it. He liked the scramble defense in some situations as well too. Miller trying to get it over to Grant Williams being guarded by Ty. As he kicks it out to Bridges, who's all along. Once again, in term of the communication on the defensive end. The hornets, Miller, thought about passing. Follows his own shot. I remember him playing for the 76ers when I was here. Yeah. Playing in the Washington Wizards uniform. He always was a spark. I mean, a ball of energy, even in his younger days as a mouse. Bridges, parts to see. This is a piece of shit. Low game is pure. It's a good game. Flexed by Williams. Turn over Washington. Bridges behind his back. Getting inside and scores. If it's extended, they're largest leading the game. Kyle Kuzmo getting the end wall. That's a big right there. Nick Richards. If you look at the data, this is the last place. The second and last place teams when it comes to contesting shots. By merely three point shoot. Once the random is rewarded for it, he's got seven points. Three of ten shoots. Yeah. Oh, this way to see the season. These stats are battle tested. J.C. Thor. Five. Shot clock at five. Bridges with a floater. Bridges with 24 points. All tapped around. He's the fool. Oh, three. Maybe another rim after the whistle. No, no, no. No, and he'll probably talk greasy. There's J.C. Thor. Cory Kisper. Anthony Gild was in the game. Okay, and. Okay. And that he's scoring on his hometown team. The morning's with the largest league of the game now. Ten. It's in for feed inside. And the state championship in the call. It wasn't a replay. It was a similar play like Danny Ambyer. So I think it's good. Point left. Left his hand with point five on the clock. Bullse cures the board. Ten point lead. Charlotte Hornets. Charlotte Hornets makes it look easy. Yeah. Those were coming off of that home screen. Kisper putting it on the deck. Right into the body of Great William. This is a second chance opportunity for losses. Bobby with the rebound. Danny. Across and over. Trying to work on William. That's tough. That is tough. Who's once again spinning and winning. No call there but leads to Washington to basketball pool. Nice pass to Holmes. He's locked 36 tonight. Who's Danny? Once again getting into the paint. Wow. Something tremendous Jordan pool. Get some separation. Oh. He put Nietzsche in the blender. I really go for the Wizards. Snap out of this 16 game losing streak. Williams. Off glass in the foul. And all were shot in Halls and you gotta be loving it. Miller hitting inside. He was fouled by Holmes on the dock. This closing time. Tough losing streak for his team. They battled. Jordan Hall gets a steal here. Bounce pass to Holmes. The fans here at Capital Water Reader. Balance team effort as Washington. In the streak. Oh. And Jordan pool with a win now. Thank you.