 You ready? You game? I'm game. Monster's step to the center circle is now underway. John Michael, Brad Dordey and Serena Winters. Welcome back, great check five bank hero. Fresh up his first all star appearance. He's got his first player. He's got his first player. He's got his first player. So they'll be tough tonight. We got to play well in the field. Ron Wagner, the bank hero. It's Harris late in the shot clock. And Harris cans of three. Yeah, bank hero continues to come this dynamic player. We're going to have a great play mostly in the post. Oh, wow. Nice to be by Moby. Strong move by Moby. And he's got a developer team in this magic team. It's supposed to be here as a coach. They're a younger version of what we have right now. It's a quarrel got a hand in there. Rolls the garland. Garland. Size is up the magic. Off it goes to screws. He'll break baseline and tear drop over Carter. Nice decision by Garland. Oh, and here comes Mowley once again. He'll gallop into the four core. Keep that dribble. Whirlend to Carter. Bank it up and bank it in. They got nothing they can do with him. Here's Sucks. Here's the Burton Dean Wade. Object in as Wagner. Orances way to the basket. Hill's done to give the man. Good team leave that Wade triple. His cast first points outside of the tape. Coral for three. Hey, knocks it down. Isaac a Coral. The version of a great job of breaking down that double team. I want to see him continue to step through because you definitely may have thrown a foul. Carter with another three and that's four. The magic. He's giving Jamal Moses some solid minutes. Angles with a steal. Let's go all the way. Oh, my god. He missed all of answers. They're going to play a little looser than we are. Because they're they have nothing to lose. We got the really careful. Barrel doesn't hesitate. He knocks it down. It's knocked down by Cole. Brandon Schwab. He wanted to travel in. Jol. Angles shovel by Anthony into the corner. It goes good ball movement. Resultant Anthony Blackberry. I have to think. The last nine minutes. That's not good. We've got to get more shots in that paint. Got to be more aggressive going in front of him. But it gets fouls. Keeps strong. A little bit off the line. Well, Wagner gets loose as Marrow. Browse the weak side. Rebound. Right. He's into the four. Gort gives two. Lever. No break. He's playing on Wagner and throw it down. Wow. He just really charged it. Wagner. I thought Wagner had the baseline. Angles and Isaac on the floor. The cast's Moby plus four. Reserves. Lever. Merrill. Neang. He's giving you a mind, buddy. No. Very well deserved. Trick-holder. Absolutely darned. Every opportunity to be a Cleveland Cavalier. Serific cast by Angles in traffic. As Moby, Wagner continues to produce off the bank hero. Who's leaned upon by a Coral. Down the lane goes Wagner. He puts it up in hand. That's the older Wagner Moe. And you have all of these turnovers and misfires. And these types of things. I'm going to have to be careful. I'm going to have to be careful. I'm going to have to be careful. I'm going to have to be careful. I'm going to have to be careful. I'm going to have to be careful. You can't have to have the right side of the back. I'm going to have to be careful. I'm going to have to be careful. One of the big fires with these type of things. You just can't do it at this was key. Accuro nails a three. Ooh Do you have that. That is nice. Or if they like that little pocket shot. TheSuper's coming off that screen right there around the top of the проход line. Good looking shot by Max. Gotta keep running that. Bank hero finds his first point in the city. freshly picked. Watch that take of Bankero. The boy that's already paid off That's as well as not getting that foul call. Inside it goes the Carter off the feed from Wagner. Go through a Coro, Lever and Allen as well. Pour out one in here for the cast of Garland. Unload the three and knocks it down. Fissel, clean Philadelphia. Then Sunday, well that's a six o'clock tip in DC. His Sugs rented all the way. He'll race for the dunk, giving the man here in his first half. Yeah, Cads have been off to the tech with their passes and defensively. We got to get some momentum. We got a down amic of indecision on that possession. Yeah, one of the better defensive stances that's the second quarter for the cast. Struse. Oh, light pass Carter and ladies it in the way you went. That's what Coach Loci, we got to reciprocate and we've got the firepower to do so. You do it in a smart fashion, taking advantage of mismatches, especially inside. A Coro got tripped and fell. And Bella should say, Franz von's has nine points and a team high for assists. Bankero looks the wind in toward Mowgli. Pivot's blocked by Mowgli. Garland has his head up, truth runs the floor. Yeah, that's a great one. Got a new idea of our offense as well, not just random, like he's doing a better job in it. Bankero rattles in a three. The magic hat hit. I can't wait to get that deep into the clock. Mistake by the cast. That was the cast's 10th turn, over league average, right around 14. Wagner for three. One over to a Coro. Oh, had to make a nice play to keep that ball in balance. He gets a running started, Suggs took a sloppy putt it up and in. How about that move? Play a Coro. Good defensive stand by the cast. Anthony Black has replaced Gailan Suggs, who was shaken up on the other side of the break. Marley takes the D from Garland, puts it up, missed the shot. He's got a ball, comes back to Garland eventually. Fire is a knocks it down as Darius Garland gives the cavalier the lead. Good job, I got a DC free. He's a four nights for the cabs. Here's George Nien. Nien accelerates that picked off, however, by Franz Wagner. Wagner, a black, black pointed at the rim and that's where exactly Wagner put it. Yeah, Cams got a little too fast off his and Pye tonight and the C saw fair as Harris thought about a three deals of the corner. Back he goes to Engels. Engels like in the shot clock and the left he connects. Oh, it's good ball moves up on it. Engels has not missed tonight. He has eight points. Garland peddled to the baseline, feeds Nien who's ready to shoot. George Lee spawns. George Lee ain't right, Pye. Every box you can check with that guy every night. Anthony looks for an opening. He stutters, steps, finds Isaac. Isaac out of the corner. Isaac, wire and Isaac, dunks is. He's as a little bit of a challenge tonight. And ball security's been a bit of an issue. Yeah, as a profit of 13 times as Engels is wide open once again. Joe Engels now is four for four from the field three. And it'll bounce off the mobility. They're out here with Laverte Nien and Wade. Not a lot of motion out of the Cavaliers. I love that particular offensive possession, but mobility is able to create a game. Man, I love it. It's going to come down the last seven. I do believe both teams are playing very similar basketball. Anthony works on Nien. Nien made him take a tough shot. And Anthony was back to back. Buckets. We're not going to get these. It's true. It's got a hand on it. It comes to mobility loose ball eventually collected by the magic. Anthony's open. And he gets. How to pick up that basket. Mobley's streused. Nien, a Coro and Laverte are on the floor. Nien leads into it three. George, Nien connects once again. He has nine. Anthony Angles, Bogger, Isaac. Got a double team, Cole Anthony. He likes getting that mid range and he's a problem. Gotta keep him out of that mid post. Nien won a big game and four days set for the Cavs. A Coro is watched by Angles. Puts it on the floor. Boy, he took a ball but didn't matter as a Coro. Thanks, and step. Hey, Pimp has the ball. Make someone else beat you. Cole Anthony gets too many. He shot. Garland tears around Anthony black to the basket. A Coro measures. Ticked off. Anthony. The basket, the Coro's back. Anthony floats and Anthony scores. Time out, Cavali. Franz finds owner brother Moe. He'll deal up top to Isaac. That was swatted away by Struse but Isaac gets it back. Three chances. Can't hit. A Coro got there in front of Franz Bogger. He'll run with Garland and throw it down. Yeah, just not a typical Cavaliere night. The turnovers, the barely been struggled. Taking care of that basketball consistently. And every time it seems like the magic score on our turnovers. Franz Bogger, he hooks and scores. Franz Bogger, leaned upon by a Coro. His owner brother comes up to provide a string. Off it goes to Moe. He's open. He fires. And he hits. Bo Vaughn onto his hands. But he's going to try to get deep into the lane. There he goes. Anthony. Bades is scored. That was a tough shot from the left elbow. He's a difficult shot to bank Carol. Can't extend that defense. They need some stops. Bank Carol for three. That was a back breaking three right there. Bob Abelie was a little bit of a lesson to see. And just the physicality standpoint. Oh my goodness. That ball is knocked away from Anthony. Garland for three. The magic thought Anthony got fouled. He will burn. It's a seven point game. Harris gives the mobility. Mobley has a taste. Finds a Coro. A Coro from the corner. Screw three. Bows lays it up. Messed it. Screws banks the score. 114-109 with 13 seconds ago. You're fine. Thank you.