 We'll get under one. You ready? You game? I'm game. It'd be a central uptick in minutes for one Landry Shabbat. As we are on the way here at Capitol One Arena, the Cavaliers won the opening tip, which has come in 947, caps 3619. It is time now for our over and under. It is presented by Fan Dual Total Point score for tonight's Consistence. It's been set at 2.34 and a half. See Shabbat, off the back of the third and it was rejected by Alan. Friday night's game against OKC in France is for back of the third. Something has not been done in years. Nice move on the drive there by Kulabali getting inside for his first bucket of the game. Already built the trust within the organization to go out there and guard the toughest covers on the printer and sometimes on the block. Here's Mowgli off the feed from Alan. That's a me was kind of remarkable but then when you think about how Mowgli could get his offense, you see right here how it didn't back he started and enabled it like spin and get it to the lane. And I was impressive. I also saw that stat and you would think that would have the Mowgli and Alan that would be a lot more post-ups this season. Definitely gotten better rebounding the ball on the hall. It's severe for second chance opportunities. Defensively they still need to get better. Kuzma trying to get downhill spinning and winning. Kuzma. Kazoo the only team so far. It's at 1-3. Everything for the most ones have really been in the paint. It's a Kuz change that with the three. He's done it in Mitchell's first opportunity. It's all free-bounded by Mowgli. Here he is again this time at deep three. Jordan Poole understanding the assignment. All the way digging back to his days of Michigan. Elite is seven for Washington. Nice. Count that bucket. It's a rough 10. There's Mitchell. Three point opportunity is good. Not a mid-matchel making his effort off of the screen by Alan. Here's a mismatch inside. Jared punishes the rim. Bull and creates some space off glass and scores. Jordan Poole three for three from the field. High screen by Mowgli. Freeze up garland who goes off glass. Washington coming the other way. Butler picks up his dribble. Asked to Poole. Corner Kuz. Yes sir. Not their Kuz. He's going to average over 30 plus minutes of game. Where they comes off the bench or starts. And his shot was redirected as the Cavaliers on the break. Catching ball to the junior. Nice cut by Mowgli. Great feed by garland. Bull turns the basketball over which leads to the Liverpool to the rim. Carousel of hurt. No ball out. Cool of our lead right now. We're going to update in the moment. Corey Kispert was the late scratch. Geared out. It's push shot. That game five in Detroit. Well, LeBron James did in the playoffs against the Detroit Pistons with something straight out of a carton. I mean, that was a big deal. Three there by Jordan Poole continues to shoot hot. He is definitely balling and I love that Kuz keep went right back to him for short rest off the bench. But that 29 points straight by LeBron James. I mean, that isn't my memory bank. It's something special. Jared Allen going off glass. That's Poole. Crossing over streus. Trying to get inside with the left hand off glass. Mitchell sings it over the wave. San Miro. Floder counting. My sleep on San Miro. Mitchell and Garland have been quiet offence to be combined with only seven points. Jordan Poole on the catching shoot. Let me be the judge. And the executioner is looking in there by Derrius Garland. That was a good one. That was a good one. Here is Mitchell. No looks inside the Allen two hands on the ground. Not if Mitchell is called for his third personal. Here he is trying to post up Davis. It's great to help my bag. Struce. Back to mobility on a beautiful picking roll. How do you guard that? I mean, you're staying home with three point shooters and they're going to continue sending the middle picking roll with Jared Allen. Jordan Poole, garden streus. Streus now upstairs to both of them. We're going to the clinic right now. Kyle not running back on the floor as the Cavaliers mix the pay is Allen. Don't step out. This is going to stop. The reason why it looks like the assignment is to go to stay home and give up three point shot by helping on Allen's two. Struce. See what will it look for? See what happens now when you help on Jared Allen's rolls. You're leaving the three point shooters open and Jordan Poole. Shot sitting the screen for Tyus. Who's on the pace line? That one. Yes, sir. Now who's will lose? Oh, I'm throwing it upstairs. The homes on a number of feet. Got me out of my seat. Hello. I don't know what I liked better. The no look on a finish. Bobbly says anything you can do. I can do better. We'll take it out quick. Go right out of the way. Evolving both of our voices of hostility players, coaches and boys and fans. Throughout February and beyond, the NBA reaffirms their commitment of honoring Black history and creating a more. Brother from a number. Hey. We're curbing your enthusiast fans. So I can't wait to later deny it. Yeah, for this wizard's team to be as shorthanded as they are in the night. They are competing against the Cavaliers. Second best team in the East. Solid people by the side home. Coral on a cut. You're on a poor dysphalus sleep. There's Coons. Side stepping on the kick out. Tyus. Three is good. Tyus Jones first points of the game. Pulling out. Pulling out. It'll be the basketball's shot quite as wide and down. And shammy. And like I said, that's twice now. We've seen Shemma do that. Shemma with the rebound. Pulled 23.5 rebounds and five assists. Biggie 26. There's a pool party inside my city. Shemma gets that rebound. Let's see if pool gets a heat check. Float game. And good. Flotation device by JP. Pulled out the P.B.J. back to pool three on the shot clock. Side step three. Oh no. He's out of the fist grease. That's Arlen back over to Laverge. He's got baggly office feet which leaves Garland all along for three. And you've been doing a five job. Garland three right there. Just Garland. No, the straightening. Oh, and hitting. And that's. Garland making his last three threes in the run. We're gonna watch that middle. Now we're Laverge. Taking it over to Streese. Laverge. Right to the pass. He ball and play. Touch pass inside to Alan. Good execution by the Cavaliers. That stops him 11-1 Cavaliers run. Laverge. Laverge. That's been given the wishes issues the entire ball game. With side pick and roll. And he turned the basketball over. Garland over to Laverge. Laverge inside. Lay up his good. Time out pulled by Brian Keap. Pull nearly got that steel. Garland downhield. A drive and kick. Side step three over there by Laverge. Mobily cleaning it up with a second chance point. We won a one defense at first. To the last second. Who's going to get going to the rhythm? Cut inside. Good defense there by Washington. Backly on the run. Backly with a layup. Shaman. Garland. Now there's a double tee. Wishes get the steel. Shaman going the other way with it in slams at home. James has Garland will secure the rebound and victory for the Cleveland Cavaliers as they come on the road and pull off the four game regular season.