 You ready? You game? I'm game. Philadelphia just 17 in 12 at home and six straight losses here. The last win and Wells Fargo Center was at the end of January against the Spurs. The tempo tonight will be very, very close. Both teams are excellent fast-fights and then also will shoot the three in the open floor. Here's Mowgli, a Coral who's much improved. He's been playing well, good block by Reed and Mowgli there to clean it up. Cleveland the number three rated team defensively in the NBA. Philadelphia's number six. Here's Maxi always moving left for those three. He's deadly with that shot. It's what he had last night in the loss here at home against New York. Garland and Midrange splashes through for Garious Garland. Like this Bruce has made 129 trees now in the year, made 197 in Miami last season. Reed who's been the starter with NBed out gets that one to fall. As he sees it pace, the pace up going both ways tonight will be extremely quick. Here's Struz, catching shoot and he drills at his second three already, Cleveland by one. Mowgli played 34 minutes last night, his most in almost three months. We had missed a ton of time with a knee injury, 22 games. Harris, a tie for him, gets him at the left. Greater for heel, traded Patrick Beverly for Robert Covey. Nice. Oh, come on, McCain is a Coral gets the dollars. And the third on Philadelphia, driving his Craig Porter the rookie at a Wichita state. And O'Killin is starting to slam out one. Good defender. He's charged with guarding Tyrese Maxi as missed his last three shots. Meldy. Teres of three. And on the year about 36 percent from out there. Lubbert, no driving angle, gives it up to Allen. And Allen, rises and slams it. The Funder at 38 and 17, the second best record in the West. One game back in Minnesota. O'Killin, C.B. the Clippers. Last night. Harris with the dunk, Bumble with the five. I like the pass. Got double, finds Camtaine. Hanks and kicks it out. Almost a turnover. Now Logo free with one on the shot clock. And here's all that there's pain. It's just the shot. Five points for rebounds for Mowgli and a block. Here's pain and open three. Yeah, let's go. Philadelphia has the lead. Well, you can't. He was concerned about the shot blocking coming from both sides. And I like what he did because he played the last two blocks for Cleveland. Three for Billy and Camtaine. With the basket forward because of the shot clock violation. You got to pay attention to him because he could make the three and he could go to the hall. Oh, well speaking of making three. Go ahead. Sam Errol. They're missing 28 points. Six assists and two steals per game by Mitchell. Not going the night. But Darius Garland picking up the slack. He's just five for the Cavaliers on the road. Step back. Very good for Camtaine moving to his right. Now, it was a two way player. Had his contract converted to a standard deal. A couple of weeks back. Paxing. Water is good. His second field goal. And we're even again a third for game better than last year. A candidate for most improved player. Also, Al Nd A. HM Martin inside for two. Max here. Ball on the floor. Scruz has it. Shot clock is down to five. Garland penetrates. Goes to his left hand and gets the bounce. Pretty by Darius Garland. That's such a soft touch as well on that shot. He's got 12 points. Four of six shooting. Maxie penetrates. No good. There's Reed with the follow. He was fouled. Garland in transition. A Coral. Again, explodes. Great pass to the trailer. Alan for the slam. Love it. Love it. That's what the swallow bowed. By both mobility and Alan. Strong move. Great block. And again, a Coral, you'll be getting out in transition. Getting the basket. Let's check him. These perimeter guys are really working here tonight. Get Uber right all over Garland. Here's Scruz driving. Got an end of foul. Max Struse with his first two point basket. And Nick Nurse just raved about the type of young man he is. We're at the same stuff in Doc Rivers when he coach Billy. Is Jared Allen gets the slam? I would say a Coral has really done some beautiful things in this game. There are defense whether you're attacking whether the passing is passing. That's the excellent. There's Maxie driving again. This time he goes to his left hand. Heal will put it up. That's good. Largest lead for either team tonight at six for Philadelphia. Garland hands. Swat away by Bomba. Bomba, wait. He waited for that. Good hands though. I try by Maxie. Wait with another block for the cats. Big thing right now for Cleveland for my youngy out 12-3. Oh, I'm touched. Moldly. How about the fact that no one picked him up? There were dreams. Five minutes remaining in the third. And a steal by Struse made a great play and gets the dunk. He timed that out. I haven't right in front of us. No more than 10 feet away. Here in the third. Maxie, floater. No good. And there's Urethra with the follow-down. Straight game that Joellen beat is missed. He'll be reevaluated in a couple of weeks and the sixers are hopeful. He'll be back. At the end of March. Count the basket from Martin in a foul on Alan. He was slurred at the up there. Using the Alan's screen. Takes the three and it's good. Finally. After 20 minutes without a three point basket they get one. The last five is the head coach. One of championship was coach of the year in 2020. And as Lavert finally gets his first field goal after seven straight misses. That's a Cleveland team that doesn't have down to the Mitchell but still has plenty of firepower. And after a nine game win streak. Strut a little bit. Hey, you go. Alan with the slam. Good pass. Yeah, beautiful pass but I like what Alan did. Two shots here. This half and has scored. After 13 points and five of seven in the first half. Oh, a car with the extra pass. The plus from Alan. He's got 20. Maxine. I'm really looking for a shot here. He's four for 13 hasn't attempted one in the fourth. He angst three is there. His first points in the game. Yeah, he's not going to pass it up. Shot clock down to five. Harris back and down Lavert. And Harris scores in my name. That's what figures with pain off the bench leading away. Harris has 15 to lead the starters. Here's Maxine. And the reverse layup of the 13 points now. And the eight is eight. Losing for the third time in four games and they lost just once in 18 games. Maxie still down on the other and now is up coming back into your picture. Yeah, I'm target with the three three and a half remaining 90 to 87 Philadelphia. Maxie on the baseline. Stepping back and scoring. 15 points down. Mainly because that time he couldn't play the best. Alan Great pass by Garland to set up Alan who has a game best 24 points. He's playing to. Here's Maxie. Step back three. Maxie has some big shots here in the final minutes of the four. He had two defenders watching Maxie. He's trying to shake Garland here. Maxie drives into Alan. Three to shoot. Maxie gets it away. It's good. What a play by Tyrese Maxie. She looks to drive. Shot clock at 10. Here's Heal. Let's apply. Heal. That's a big break. Falls into the front row of the stands as he makes it. Pushing the lead with 31 seconds left. I have to trap down. Oh, please. There's Karland underneath the screws. And he gets the lead. That's a three point game timeout Philadelphia. Maxie again. Quatch here, makes both free throws. Inbound is screws. Down five. Gives it up to Garland. Three. No good. And Harris gets the rebound. Maxie fouls again. Coaches. They're teaching coaches. Don't work with him. All of them are in the standout. Day and day and day. But it was sentenced that he would make as he was developing this on-eye pool. That was amazing. 13 points in the last six minutes. Streets is three. Front rim, no. Maxi rebounds and that's it. Excellent win for Philadelphia tonight. To end the two game losing streak, a brilliant final frame for Tyree's Maxi. Finishes.