 Well, that was a good shock to our game within the game segment from skin and that is wild Devon to see a stretch where they were the best and now a stretch where they were the worst and I think to skin's point of the just hit a happy medium that would that would be really good for this team. I would agree and when they play offense and how efficient they are they don't need to be as good defensively they just have to be so so and you see as Lucas goes the first bucket of the game. He'll learn from that one day past himself off the rim. We've seen a lot of that off the backboard lately. Yeah. Loader by Tyree's Halibur. You know, it was a lot of threat. Kyrie for three and he joins the party with Luke and PJ Washington. Luke to whom already have five. Halibur's almost lost it. Turner does lose it. Let's cook up ahead to Kyrie on the pass by Luke. Kyrie. What? Well, he's a great dude to loss him interview. Top of the PJ Dallas has started out seven out of eight. Couple of makes by Kyrie and PJ and Dallas in front by six. Halibur to Turner. Turner again. They think the triple handoff of Luke at the fence as well. We're about five minutes gone by in this game. Pull up by Tyree's Halibur. They put a lot of pressure on you, baby. Now to the bench. Opie Toppins has come into the game. Here's Luke kissing it home off the glass. Those are the first two changes that the Pacers have made. Mavericks have brought Tim Hardaway in along with Daniel Gafford. Opie Toppins with a three pointer that he hits. Get them a league and fouls for game at three point three again. And he was about to have a second, but the challenge and the call with. Daniel Gafford climbs the ladder to catch the oop. Really like the communication on that last offensive position by the man. Exactly. He probably expected it a little bit on orthodox, but at this point who cares, man? It's three on the board for Timmy. TJ McConnell, a rare three point shot just six out of 22 this year now. Gafford screening. He and Nysmith got tangled up. Now it's Luke with a big guy. Jaylin Smith guarding in and the three ball over Smith is drained. McConnell now standing back to point guard. Initiated the action. Now has it back. He made a three at the end of the first quarter and he puts up a tough two that he hits. Mid-range jump shots are a big part of his success in the NBA. Luke on the move pulls up easy one. Hello, Wendell. Donutsch is already drained to three over. Because the bank is open and being second highest, which is something he already owns is not far away. That was some good one on one defense right there. Good pass. Green sawing and scoring and another to be what pass from Luca. I had one to end the month of February on a game on his birthday last Wednesday against the reference. We could go tomorrow or night. Been mad. Driving. Scoring. Wow. The key there crossed over helping to create a little bit of space right into the step back. Luca trying to ward off Jaylin Smith that drives down the edge of the lane. Hello, Wendell. Mams back to within one. McConnell blocked by Jones. Second shot opportunity is converted by Jaylin Smith. Smith made the three. Tyree and Luca play off each other. Luca just takes a one three. Lot of offensive rebound to the last two or three minutes for the Pacers. And they've been cashing in, which they do again. Wiley screening for Kai. Irving puts it down hard. Pulls up and it's on the money. Alibur. He's dancing. Let's speak. Didn't bait the Mams into a foul. Madrid. Good. Two wide open looks and past couple of possessions. They knocked out and down. Splitting to defense. Luca all the way at Miles Turner. A thrust to the basket. And by the way, the Mams traded him to Indiana. Not to see out. They traded him to Indiana. Indiana for herb Williams. Del Ellis went on to break all kinds of three point records there for Gail. Nice. Yes, he was. Sky re-urving. Attack mode. Downhill drive. Finish. Makes a long cross court pass. Found green. Green using a strength to get himself open on the drive. But does it finish it off? A bottle by Ciacum. A pass and an athletic finish. Yeah, I'm glad Jason Kitscon this time out. Take too many time out to the minute left in the half. But sense of urgency. Definitely there. Sky re-puts it down back to green. Green on the drive. He finds Kyrie in the big, cated area. A late clock situation. Washington in settles home. See, Ackham and Luca big coming together on Ciacum's drive. Now Hallebert needs a three late in the shot clock. Try to go in front by double digger. See, I can really determine again inside, forced up a shot. And another time that he rebounded his own miss, Devin. And now for three, Tyree's Hallebert. Goodness Hallebert. Finally misses one. He's four for five now on the third quarter. That looked like it might go in with the first good bounce off the iron. The pair is answered for Kyrie Irving. Well, it's not the way Luca down in a heat along with Nebhard. See, Ackham. And they score it. This is a bolder rolling downhill right now. But something positive to build on is very much needed right now. And Luca tosses in a shot and draws the foul. Now here's McConaugged. 26 Sunday against the Spurs. And he's got a chance for three right now. Oh, man. It was really cute. I loved it. Here's a law for Gafford with authority. It's a big finish for Big Dan. The ability to keep a dribble alive. Smith, what a slam dunk by Jalen Smith. And it could get even worse in terms of the biggest lead of the game. Does not though, McConnell missed in the paint. What he does it due to often. Maverick's won the four. Like 55, Exam Bikes Jones. It's not the energy to be matched against his team. And then able to big third quarter. And that's a figureweight. Figure out a way to take themselves out of the hole. Tyree Irvings. Nice rebound by Oby Topp. After Tyree, missed a three. Scoop that up. McConnell, lowly and going. Finds Ben Shepherd. Corner three is good. Rolling. Oh, and a shank. Tower, power, Daniel Gafford. Now fast-good shaker by the big man. From Elder Reader, Arkansas. Supply to move, Oby Topp. This is going to be all about stops and momentum. And getting one or two stops consecutively. Making them feel pressure. Gafford, rolling again. He is feasting inside. Now can you combine out with a stop? They can't. I mean, maybe it wasn't well. Oh, that brutal. Man, McConnell will do that. And that's the fact right there. That hurts. That's the fact right there. I mean, in a lot of situations, that's just a harmless bump of teammates in the back court. Right. And you don't have a lost ball because of it. But McConnell steals it because of his willingness. As you said, to play hard. Look at it. With a three pointer, this is all five bench guys right now on the floor for the Pacers. McConnell made it three earlier in the game on another one. He only has seven of them all year now. Pacers still at almost 56% for the floor in this game. Luca, bucked on the way to the basket. Time out. TJ McConnell has gone out of the game with a 13.7 assists night. Driven pull up. Kyrie. Straight past the basket. Block shot. Daniel Gafford. Cameron's in transition. Luca, the advance pass. Just green. He misses Gafford. Doesn't penny spell. 39 points. 10 rebounds. 10 assists. Got another assist coming here on the slam dunk like Gafford. See, Ackham is milked a little block on this possession. And then drives and finishes smoothly. Time out. 420 left to play in the game. The collective bench performance early in the fourth quarter. Not only did they not concede ground. I mean, they built. They continue to build the lead. Now, a burden again. Coming alive. Professor Harris with his first class. 136. Thank you.