 L育起哲 Watch the phase which I'm sure hey Derrick lily appreciate to that mascot look Ray a casa great job great open this snack D. B. Gucci change think the mister. Longец's breaking into the bankers for two with O. Celtics took the first meeting between these teams back in late January. Cores Zing is rattles in a three. Couple of good looks from three for Washington, opportunity now. Had a big game the other night in Toronto. Holiday, typical angle falling out of bounds and still able to hit 65% this season from the corner, which yes, with the number one in the last 25 years, which is one of the best draft. Cores Zing is again a 13 5 star for the Celtics Donjage takes it into his own hands. I'm just going to say you might want to avoid that switch. Yeah. I'm sorry and a thunderous finish from the rookie Derek Lively the second. They still want to get one up every once in a while because they feel like they need to develop it. Here he comes up with a steal. A three on two developing Irving can't hit follows it up. Been range is good. Look, when you have this high level of offense, obviously number one and number two and three point attempts as Brown squeezes in it plus the foul. Donjage step back three is good. Nice look Irving to hard away. This fires again. You could look from three. It's now two for ten in this quarter. Orford steps into one hits the 30 to 19 lead for Boston. And Richard, this despite the fact that Dallas has generated really good looks in this first. Irving sets himself up for the mid range. You can still help you. It took away the three point line for Boston. One of the things John Bizzoula was so happy about is the way the Celtics won that game while taking significantly less threes than Phil Delphius. Hardaway hits again. What they're used to taking, they shoot 42-3's per game and he loved that they could win a game that way because he wants the optionality of the versatility. As poor as you can, says you know what? Take that optionality. The way they have bought into sacrifice. Donjage working holiday. Donjage banks inside easy finish against a premier defender. Donjage, one on one with forford. Donjage, sidesteps and tanks it in on any touch. And you have a little bit more juice, you have a little bit more stars. Like those shots become that much easier versus when he was doing so much more in the walkie and with the pelicans as Peyton Richard knocks down the three. Or pressure their coaching to it even more than the longest. Donjage leads in and finishes. Tim Hardaway has the ultimate green light. He earned that and brewed that. But even with the green light, you can take questions or shots. That as poorford slips behind the D to push it down. Dallas could challenge one more time now. Finally flushes the toss from Luke Adonjage. Those two have combined for more alley hoops than any duo in the NBA this season. Back in their poorford, they shot 18 shots. And then the seven minutes to go is lively with the block. We're a nice highlight reel from Derek Lively so far in this game. And another, the two and flush off the delivery from Donjage. It's his job to do all the dirty work, cleaning up anybody's mess. And he said we have so much talent and I'm just here to lift them up. Well, Cassidy has Luke Good delivers another court just time. This time, the Washington Derrick Lively needs to start for the fabrics. It's clear as day. And what ends up happening? He starts the second half of his first game. It is not what back sits. As Tatum quips it in plus the fact against Boston since leaving green five. Not just 45% from the four in those eight games. On the attack, the layoff is good. Jason Tatum high off the window. You one always have confidence if he's on your team. And you're always a little bit concerned if you're playing against them. About is this going to be the night where there's nothing we can do? For Zing is you bet. For Zing is this fires an out one. Refined his three point shot. And he carried back here to the state where he's played well with Dallas when healthy. Donjage draws two. Flea Buh. Little push shot is good for Washington. Donjage before for shading. Donjage deep three. He caught it. Brown. He's never enough on it. Here comes Donjage. Off his six three bound for assists. 23 points for Luca. Irving zips inside and cups it in. Just good not finishing. Nice look. White Tatum four three. Seven assists for Derek White. The 19th for Boston as a team. Here's Irving connecting on a deep three. I think offensively they're there defensively. There's still more work to go. Donjage no look Washington catch by her hand. Hit from three. And PJ just getting his key set waiting on that pass from Luca. Thank you waiting on the pass from Jay K. Tatum. Donjage in a three. Blue libelies harms but sells with Dallas. Donjage with the gorgeous no look. And Irving finishes it. Brown baiting missed it. Donjage another rebound is night. Donjage cruising. Irving. Irving. We're going to shake holiday. Irving. Can't think it in but lively is there. And would have given Dallas the lead. Here's Brown this time in rhythm connecting. Not a triple. Holiday no look. Tatum wide open. He got it. None of three. Time out Dallas. Players around him were all flourishing and they were the best team in the NBA. And his numbers were outstanding. As you see Luca another MVP candidate with the bucket. He'll be here by year. Let's add more leadership responsibility to him. And I thought that was amazing. You wrote as a player but also you have to develop leaders. And Przing is there with the finish. The lead is 13 for Boston. They're largest of the night. Immediately in response to Dallas cutting it to two as Irving pizza pies in home. five of long early keeping it moving to effect multiple efforts to get his advantage over.кого m the ring miss golf u And at Provatic finished from Jalen Brown. They're just so good. It just to me, there are just so many problems as Luca gets the lay of it. He's down by white, another chance here for Boston. Celtic 17 of 36 from 3 and Alley 18 for 37. And there's just so many amazing historical nuggets now that have started to move for this Boston team, Richard has Donchich off with Lego. Yeah. Porfer. Double. Kill him in. Richard in the corner. Cut it. Son another three. Last year, Celtics lost in the Eastern Conference Finals and then two of the championship Warriors teams 2017 and 2015. Donchich, close in another jumper. 37-11 and 10 for Luca Donchich. Tatum, side stepping three. You bet. Hey. Irving can't get it in around Tatum. Now you're seeing that top defense in the lead. Porfer, not a three. If you look at 5 through 10, every single game has such importance that even though really understandable losses, you're going to feel a little bit. I think Milwaukee, they've settled in a little bit out of it. It's all start break. Sometimes that loss, you know, right before the all start break to triggers and things. And I think Dallas will not attempt another shot. 10 straight wins for the Boston team. You