 You ready? You game? I'm game. Possession of the game is winding pretty deep in the clock for Dallas three seconds two seconds. Luca with the tough shot and he beats this shot block buzzer. Best tough shot made to in the lead. Luca for three over Miles Turner step back Jack coming off a 41 point game against the suns on Thursday nights. Turner has the first Pacer's basket and he's fouled. Here's the steel Pascal seeachum. Really good at for Indiana in the month of January to pick up Pascal seeachum. A two time old star Luca walked up by Mandarin shot still bounces in. That bump to steel Josh Green. Green one at best break. Pizza everyone down the floor. Patterns seeachum and Miles Turner in the middle. In the back quarters Tyrese Halle Burton who just scored along with Aaron Neymar or Andrew Neymar. Four three. Green got a nice roll. He's a Mr. Cornett three so much lately hard but makes that one up time. Madder and with a three pointer for the Pacer's out of the time. Sending the tone is always important in this game and Luca has certainly been able to do that. That's a nice finish. That is good hands on the inside. Footwork was good. PJ had 12 points and six revounds against Phoenix on Thursday night. Both these teams played Thursday. Miles beat Phoenix 123-113 in that game. Tim Hardaway had 12. He already has three today. Timmy has proven to have their ability to do. Let's pull up. Journey to corner driving inside. I get for it up top from Luca. Now a deflection and hustle play made along the sideline. I didn't matter it up ahead. Halle Burton. Should they want to do it? Yes. Run and run. Get stopped. Defend. In the paint, Kyrie Irving knocks down the little short pull up and is on the board. Pull up. Quick move on the post-emplar. Seeaka. Here's Ben Shepherd. Lookie at a bell. Come on. Conchute. Turnable by Doug. Yeah. Shepherd with the steal. He made the three. Then the steal. Then Obi-Toppin. Wins the floor and catches it from McConnell to Janet. McConnell. Nice looking. Paul Jumpshot. That's it. Been willing floor runners today. They haven't been able to finish all of those consistently. There's Ben Shepherd with another three. They won't call any looks. He's loving the handle watch. Then they are taking another three. Obi-Toppin hits out. Look at the hearty to Maxi. Cleva knocks down a three. I thought he had some timely baskets against Phoenix the other day. Look at heaves a three. It's on the money. Probably. It's an eight-nothing run. And it's a quick time out by Indiana. Driving and spinning against Andrew Memar. That's a basket for Luca 20 now on the first half. Memar trying to score the other end against Luca. And got a nice bounce on that shot. It's going to well played game, offensively, for both teams. Long pass, Miles Turner. Jamson home after the aforementioned Washington. Mr. Dree. Green lost it. Got bucked by Halliburton. Picked up by Obi-Toppin. Up ahead Halliburton. The number one assist man will just fly and score in that case. I pull up my heart away doing the rest of it. It was only part of the season. Yeah, Dree. And he was determined. He was, he was pointing to his watch. He was his time. Yeah, not think time. His time. Kyrie. Felt the body of Memar and then made a spin move. Double pumps. And this man makes high degree a difficulty shot. Look like a piece of cake. Miles Turner for three and good. Kyrie accelerates it up the floor, but Indiana was back. And ready to defend. Oh, nice. But they can't keep Kyrie out of the pain eventually. He breaks down the defense. We put the bird song. Albert looking for an assist. And he's got one. Memar. And then they pours a tough shot, but it's still made by Halliburton. Halliburton. Nice like this tough. He is tough. Here's looking down the lane, speaking of somebody who can be deceiving. Yeah, when it comes to the score, no question. Don't you, John the move, drips back to the three point line. And another one hits the bulls-on. That's 25. And the first half for the league's number one score. The push-on runner by Halliburton is good. Indiana looking for an exclamation point. A follow-up attempt by Memar and was blocked. Here's a drive, Josh Green follows up his own miss. And so that is a nice start to the third quarter. And Adrien missed a three point. And last time down for the Pacers, but Turner doesn't miss. You're going to get out on him. You can't give him an airspace. Now Luca over Matherin on the money. Makes it look easy. Kyrie, he even hit. He needed it. Maverick's needed it. Now here's Ciacum, tough catch inside. Luca tries to poke it away. Ciacum scores. And now it's Luca operating at a low clock situation. Doubleed, laser-paster traffic. It's a four point trip down the floor. After Irving connects on the three ball corner pocket. Top of the key, Jay. Good for Turner. Nice pass. And the lob is caught inside and finished by Lively with a foul. Good, great hands. Turner. See space to drive. Got there and finished. Turner loses it. Turn over. And Irving unselfishly gives it up to Josh Green to hammer it home. I love to see that. Screening roll involving Luca. Dan you covered in the game and gathered as there was a basket shaking attempt. It doesn't go in but the double's Mavers get three instead of two. Yeah. Turner. He is on one. He's in a groove for sure. Here's Halbert. The Turner down the lane, Lyson. Now here's the turn over. Season high, 30 for Miles Turner. Ben Mather and Alcaternover with a basket in a foul. Luca had 25 in the first half. He's got three so far in the third quarter. He makes the pass, Trino. Hardaway. Time we basket. Three-plotter is knocked down by Mathering. A midi for Mathering. Little clock situation. Working in the corner, Benedict Mathering shoots a shot against Gafford. And it is swatted out of bounds. Gafford energizes himself in his teammates. It shuts the door on the patient. And it's a three by Hardaway. Dallas Steyn connects it. The equipment on the floor gets a little bit more credit defensively than I initially came. Nimards right up on Luca. Now Luca separates. He's got an open three pointer that falls. Looking for a stop. So it's a seven point game. As we go to the fourth quarter, that's what it was at the start of the third. But Nimhard, he's out of nice little burst here at the end of the third quarter. He's a big bucket there. He's got a run around shot with the disc. He's got a rear ring. That's up to those guys out on the floor. They got a handle to Mather at hand. What's your summary? Glass, Kyrie. Washington up ahead. Oh, green. A little bit behind him. Now it's a developing two on one. Hardaway getting back for a second defender. But McConnell still scores over Clevver. This thing is hung around 7, 9, 11. That kind of game here in the second half. But now it's Kyrie with a step back. To make it a two shot game. And now they've got one of the all-time great fourth quarter players. Trying to take Nick Dermott to school. He does. Here on the fourth quarter, it's Kyrie 9, Indiana 4. But now 7. Ben Shepard has had a nice game today with 9 points. Obey Toppin. Now he'll shoot the three. And he makes it. Remember that Indiana is the number one bench scoring team in the league. Gafford with bench points for Dallas on the put back jam. Shepard. That is a career high from Ben Shepard. No, no. Nick Hard. Point of three. He has a stuck on automatic as well. I believe what a few years ago you deemed the scariest phrase in the NBA. I really do. I mean, you think about it. Nice attack that time by Ernie. Kyrie scores after the Halliburton three. Hey! Kyrie! Great finish by Halliburk. You know, during this seven game winning streak, a sign of Dallas's defense being tied together. Isaiah Jackson's in the game as well. Ben Shepard makes a fifth three in the game. That was space. Oh, man. Just great back to the other end of the floor. And a ferocious finish. Then a stealily inbound pass in a Jaden Hardy three. Now teaching McConnell on the paint. Yeah, miss a shot tonight. Knows how to run in team and how to play with it himself. And hits the pull-up shot as the bench boss for the Indiana Pacers two different stents. Isaiah Jackson finishes. This one is over. The seven game winning streak is...