 Michael Malone in Cleveland and we are underway the tap control by the Denver Nuffins. David Guthrie, Ray at Constable. Now Porter's got to look. Gonna take a ten footer under the rest of the box it is. How many you want to see Porter gets tonight's get plenty of time back down to bonus. Pass over to Porter. Porter to for two. You bet you. For Porter off the go. No, my subonix. Skipping into the corner. In the Yokech. And two losing tricks both feet on the road. Porter. Porter lets it go. He nails it. Michael Malone talked about that the pre-game pressure trying to shut down. Gordon in on Barnes. Quarter three on the way. That's good. All of it. Barnes got away with a great subon. Gordon in the Yokech. Why don't open his Reggie Jackson back to Yokech. Come underneath Denver and a one nine of the last hand and another turnover. And the ball tipped in and Michael Malone. Well, nuggets who committed three straight turnovers and had a miss shop to boot. That subonus is in the ring. That's he shot. He's got that little turnaround shot. All of six of nine since they've missed five straight shots. Gordon. Shut up, Batman and pros and down in Barnes' face. Gordon got it by trade-liles in on one. Miles coming in. Oh, that's an end with the left hand. For the first two. Gnasi got a matchup. Gnasi out there. There you go. Where's he taking his time? With his Zeke Gnasi. Gnasi put it up and in. Two buckets in a row for Zeke Gnasi. Or to shoot. Shex off the band. Missed it. Ball tipped. And the Kings will get a reset. Herb is on the ring. And he puts it up and in. Reggie with Porter. No, it's a play. Gnasi. And Reggie got it back. Little Houthini worked there. Porter. Yeah. Oh, thank you. Porter. Put set up and in. So Michael Porter Jr. having a Porter Porter. Scroofer. Good job. Switching the stand. Fox. Gnasi. Set out. Ball tipped. Good shot. Herb. Ready. Given goal. And then she's supposed to win. Put it up. And in. Two deep. He's just finished. That was a good shot. The ball should have been a little bit tight. But he's done it. And the ball was good. And then he just makes it. And then he's going in the all starting. And my low jimal Murray would like to do it at some point of his career. It doesn't sting the same way of use to now that he's a champ. I would completely agree with that, Gnasi. Actually, the turnover would go to Gordon. Bartz. And the reverse is good. of It's a beauty I was trying to say Richie's got it Another good play by holiday Reggie running fast Down missed the dunk and now it's five on four for Sacramento I just lay it up and in Five to shoot Yokey chas it in the lane Up and in that one was short too, but he got the kind home all the nuggets first position We'll see if they can get Yokey's going a little bit Reggie Jackson pulls up and rolls it home Well, Reggie Jackson getting a chance to start I get scrambling out on the three point shooters much better than they did in the last meeting between the two teams Now they keep on set of the paint a little bit some others And the basket counts with a foul Back to Yokey X to U the pack Step four now Unsuffaged can you be You know, could just taking seven shots make this three Bring it into Gordon Gorge's got a double double 16 and 11 rebound Hey now Where's the miss Gordon rebound Falls down Kings have Running Weird start Yokey's profit out to Porto Gillespie hits these are very good shooters Turn around McCormick Inside some bonus with a nice touch Double Yokey Continues to pile on he's got Barnes into Yokey puts it up and in We got a technical foul on the color Yokey Shobrick and some others puts it in Paying once in for three as a big shot big shot Big once and cool calm and clean A ball move it extra pass Side steps get wide open three Big once trying to close out So bonus looks it away Box Wild Do you have to stay down Kings have it the title of the three The coach and with the two And box puts it in time out then But I'm dead I can kill Sacramento They know they can steal one box for three Got it and we're tied up It's very good to call the bounce And the court will get it Ten four over It's a good time ball game The bonus in tight And then he puts it up and in And the Kings leave 13 points eight assists Far and straight three HB Answering the call with a triple Box Mr. Clutch a season ago Getting to a spot Yes and Deer and Fox has put the games up by one And have to make shots and make plays Other than the Joker right now That's going a long ways Deer and yes Back to back buckets For Deer and Fox But as Reggie Jackson gets picked Oh he took his cookies Fox play five delivers Deer and Fox Award winner a season ago As Mr. Clutch has stepped up his game Here late in the fourth There he is again Count it Deer and Fox on a personal run As Michael Molyton 16 Take it 15 Close like a line 3 game losing streak Barring the miracle And that's going to do it 1 2 3 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4