 I'll give one to one. You ready? You game? I'm game. Well, that was a sloppy start. One of the worst tosses I've ever seen. Come on, Murray. Gets the proceedings going, leading the break. Damn, right by Murray. Butler out to Rosir. He drives it and lays it in. Paul Dwell-Polk, Paul over Robinson, lays it up high and Butler missed the other half of the alley. And Gordon slams it home. Aaron Gordon with the first four points is a thing to watch. Be tracking that throughout the course of the evening, Robinson out to Bucker. His first feel goal is pure. And it's carried over to this season. Great to see him bounce back the way he has and off the steel. Nuggets looking to run. Gordon, Michael Porter, Jr. unabated. Butter, he was so clutch last year in the finals against Miami. Paul Dwell-Polk with the steel, Robinson tried to foul them. There was no whistle. He got a little whiff. A Dwell-Polk, the triple hand off the board, not in the baseline. Top shot by Gordon and he knocks down another one active offensively early already. This Denver Nuggets defense, not only do they have size, positionally, they have effort like KCP. And I'm going to start the campaign right now, Mark Jones. KCP deserves to be on an all defense team this season. He has guarded some of the toughest wing players and back court players across the league. We're 0-0 inside, snapping that 15 to nothing drown. Close 0 against Jackson. Got it to go off glass, boy. If he could, this matchup resembling the one two weeks ago in Denver where the Nuggets led for most of the first quarter. Yokeh spins, fires scores. Miami Heat. Seven quick points in that loss against Washington. Put Murray in the way through that time and score the bucket. And what third NBA wise in terms of pace? Brown one more to the corner Watson driving, elevating, and laying it in through the contact this season. Let's be ready to go to work. Coming a little bit more of a vocal leader, that bucket good. The bar is working against Noggie. Tough feeling. Got it to ball. Laying with his food against Martin. Tough step back. And that's what Jamal Murray does. Right percent of their defense of possessions were zone. There's the zone buster, Porter Jr. on cue. Porter Jr. with eight in the ball game. Jam step series trying to get his blowback. Jackson for the 15. Got it. Seven point Denver lead. He was the way to the spot finish the previous quarter. Let's see what they do here. Bam walks down Strother and scores. It could have been the wayward. And a par. Well, I'm on a shot clock for Robinson. Empty corner two man game with that a pile. Inside the clubber from the Dunker Spot. Not at home. One point. Called well pulled around the Yoke and screen. Porter Jr. Put it on the deck and scores it. Michael Porter Jr. We'll see your work in against called well pulled. Porter Jr. switches on to him. Yovic from the corner had a quiet first half and making a little bit of noise on that three ball. Job. Who was fronting Joker there on a moment. Now Joker with three on the clock. They come with late help. Called well pulled for three and he laces it. Four of ten from the field. Those here went under that screen. Murray raises up and knocks it home. Well, Yoke is knows how to use his body. I mean, that's what he has mastered is just creating angles. Speaking of creating angles. Jimmy Butler. Murray and Yoke. Inside reporter Jr. miscommunication. Heat on the run out. Rozier. Inside. Got the late of ball. And the heat. Take their first leaves. When bam really working with the defensive band it comes right back to Porter Jr. drives it and got the second one to fall. And that's getting ahead of the ball. And when he sees a mismatch getting that deep seal. Bam shoots a three ball and knocks it. Junior. The whole side to work with. Great fake and slams it home. Oh, see with your chest out of aisle. Jackson off the Yoke screen. Yoke is for 15. Newer. Yoke is scored. Watson looking inside. Faulted well. Both got it to go over Hawke's junior. And Denver with a one point and both dead to the floor. And bam has answered the call tonight. On to at a bio. Bam. Robinson gives it back to Brian relocates. Brian again. Great ball movement. And the bucket by Miami. But you see don't get Robinson. They swing it around to the second side. Brown. Murray. Gordon from the corner. Three good. Murray. He'll have Martin all over him. Now buckler switches on to Murray. The reverse is good. Boy. Quick shot. Watson back on the Jamal Murray. Brown open from the way. Cash out. Sing a commercial with me. It was Oscar working too. I don't know if you've seen it, Ginger. Brian underneath putting a little money on tape himself. He's got nine. Look at what it seems certain about. We'll give him the show notes after the game. Brown off the board and screen. No too little on that one. Nice lefty lay. And it comes off the Hawke's. Nice outlet to bam at a bio. He spoke the lay of the but butler. And his back. Miami back to within four. Holiday of the long two cash. Over the as a championship ring with his days from the Golden Stink Warriors. Martin fires the three in Miami. Starting to knock down some three balls here in the just in the bench. Gordon. The small ball five is my partner pointed out in a nice feed to Watson who punches it. And Eric's balls recall his time out with Denver leading. Order on the wing. Laces the deep two. And the lead is up to seven. He's got 20. Gordon. Garning rose here. Pocket passed out of bio inside one more for the bucket. Hawke's junior. How about the by-match time because it's to find a less than five minutes. The margin five or fewer points. Jackson with a nice jumper to make it a seven point lead. He's got four. It's a little too easy. Again, it was the Yoke's screen on Rozier. Free Jackson. Oh, there. Taking on the big man with the. The Yoke gets with the screen. Another 15 footer is good by Reggie Jackson. Second of elbow jumpers. Goes right back to it pulls up short at the three point line. And there it is again. The remix. The rerun. Jackson as the closer. Not Murray here tonight. Murray back to the ball game during the break. Under two minutes to go. Joker with the deep post up. And scores it over at a little bit left. A little bit sideways. Looking at a potential four game losing stream. Porter, junior, heartbreak. Threads another three with 20. On target. And then the last one. It's another three with 20. On target. At a bio with a layup. Makes it a 12 point game. But. One and eleven up the last 12 against the heat. And that'll do it. Denver wins 100 to 88. Michael Porter, junior was.