 We'll put it in the air, precious to chew up and Dremon Green. And away we go. It'll be Golden State Ball. And the person between the lead and the dog is. Step and Curry gets up and first shot. And the coach, he's got a little bit of that magic at a best. She will lead. Curry leads it now. Green gives it right back. Step and Curry fires. And he's two for two from three point range. Nine on start for tonight. It's at a block on the other end. Caminga and Green converged on Harkstein. Now Curry fires once again. Oh, step and Curry. Moses Moody tracks down the rebound. Nick's are all for seven to start this game. As Caminga drives and lays it in and then stands his emergence. He can score around the basket. He has been a godsend for that after their last piece of office. Even Chenzone finally scores. And if this was a college game, he could dial tops to now. The focus with the second unit getting some early minutes here. A reset for Thompson. He's got it. It was game to start to break up a little bit coach. They have featured in. He's got the match up in the second unit guy. And he's been brave. From the top shot over Gary Maiden. Up ahead, Jremon Green gives it up. Green. It's a man of the air. Squars in with a foul. Bronson. It's surprising to hear Tom Cimino today. You're exactly right. Did you throw him in the mix? Coach told us that he is hopeful that all three will be back by the end of the month. He called it. 11 points and seven rebounds, by the way, in this first corner. Max's career high for rebounds at a quarter already. And Jremon Bronson hits a triple. So the two acquisitions from Detroit. Josh Hardler. Why? Old man made some play. Max is looking a little more forward here in this Maginsky. Sets up Ciminga. Berkson and Ciminga. Spends Ciminga. Wicked. And the numbers have turned around. Chopper. Two in press. And as the minutes have come, Sems kicks it to the corner there. It's hard to work. One second. Back to back, triple's for Josh Hardler. New York to just 16. Maybe one possession left for him. Here's Hardler to get in the corner. No, Sems is there with a foul out of the foul. It is a game late. First stays in to start the second. Hardly Stein gives it to Hardler. And Rob Bux in deep the corner. And he hits it. That trick was February 8th. They deal. We were here in New York. That's a real cosmic pride. Hint to Rainmaker. Maginsky finds Thompson. Jackson Davis, those two are well together this year. There's just those ineffable parts of their game. As Thompson reigns in a three-pointer, keeps it alive and right to Demon Chento. Next, look at for them for the first time. It's attention. And it comes from Duke's McBride. It's interesting that the Warriors, they were in the time Dremon Green was out. Those 16 games in this game. It's a special number. In fast-forward point, Senses come back. Even being in the rotation for the Warriors. It's a tough role for him. It is, but he's got great but sure. He's a long-range three-pointer. He kept his feet on the ground. Excellent. The fit to play, Curry's slow to get up. Five on four here for the Knicks. Thompson drives in with Green on him. Oh, that's a tough finish. Now, but an excellent call. A foul was before. Good call and was smart of them to look down. And Curry ain't kind of had a downway to start with as. Curry is fouled this time going in. Count the basket. Don't state the play. Great basketball, Laney. They won 11 of their last 14. And six straight road wins. He's been Chenzone drops the shoulder. And block. Pachimski. And Kaminga won straight among Green when I will that suspension. He made the most of his opportunity. Now a real factor in the start of the line. John's heart. And help defense from John's heart to create that turn. That's where their four-trial and his corner of the line. Cray, quiet some down. And then Chenzone gets stuck. That was Kaminga who forced the steal. Manga tips it up ahead to Pachimski. What a play. Manga flying high. And that was all double zero right there. After the way the game started. A 14-0 start. Cray, in his first three-three. Now he lays one in. Joining the 21-year-old Moses Moody in the starting lineup. Once again with no injuries. That's a foul. Brunson able to hit the floater. I gotta go quick if you're the next. Now he's going to be the next. Now he's going to be the next. Chenzone catching shoot. Kaminga just jumping over hard. Now the outlet to Cray. Long-free in transition. Oh my goodness. The modern game. And now here come the next. Chenzone runs it. Chenzone taking on green. A reverse lap. Threading to Warriors defenders. That was special. He's got a top-free. Warriors with the ball here. Look at up top. Payton the catch. Hard with a deflection. Cray lets it fly. That's number six. From D-brange. Diven-Chenzo in and out it goes. That's half a green. And now Diven-Chenzo. Center cut. Diven-Chenzo is second-made-three. He's two for 11 tonight. Chenzone. A two a clear belief for him. Stopped at 8-0 run. And the Warriors back up 11. Chenzone takes a contact. He lays it in. Hard out of the pack. Wants to push it. All the villain over the bull is out there. Great communication. That's a great green. Where the Michael has us to hear. Late time to come out of time out. Drills one. He's been a major strength here in this run. The last 14 games for the Warriors. Their bench. C'mon. Flying high for the follow on the Chris Paul miss. That's hope top-shake Cray. Another offensive rebound up for Sanders. Hard set him up. Three and a half to go. Here's Topse of the spring screen. And lays it in. What a play out of the time out. But Ali LaForest these two are very close. They have a long relationship. And very much looking up to Paul as Chris Paul sets up Jackson Davis. He's known Jaylen since he was in high school. So Jaylen's father worked out Chris Paul for an entire summer. Chris was heading into his fourth year with the club. And Jaylen repressed vividly what his dad tried to instill in him. When he was young, when he was on the A.U. Circuit, Chris Paul told me he even took his son to watch Jaylen play in the final form when he was in Villanova. The Knicks have been very, very good though since the injuries. The Knicks have struggled as much as the Warriors. You have to go in the regulation. Hard is open. Come on, Nick Potinski. You can go back to Craymon Dream. Top for Jackson Davis. Chris Paul with the lob. Three to shoot. And it is tonight, Moody with a block. Come maybe out of the pack. Look out. Come maybe out of the line. A freight train in Jonathan Cumenga. He's missed some open three, tonight he's over four. Three patient. Oh, he's fighting for James Davis. There he goes. And continuing to move his feet as Brunson-Borgin-Borgin-Borgin-Borgin-Borgin. Civic game. That's a free Brunson there to clean it up. Very to Warriors. They're the only trip here to New York in the right of your season. They'll match up again, March 18th. He had San Francisco, Comet, release. He scarves it and won. Spread to the finish line here. Short hand as they are. Brunson, hardest-eyed, extra pass. He's got the high. Box ticket here. Back to Curry in the corner. Curry, that's a free. No Randall, no Aninobi, no Mitchell Robinson. Next trying to win with a storm. But there's a curry storm right now. Warriors so good with that split game. And towards the call and close, Cramer Grease, Cretan Curry comes off in Mexico. Big shot, Jalen Bonson. Enough other weapons to overcome that right now. There goes Greene, just sees Park Forum. And that might be the meanwhile, the Warriors are rolling. Golden State is one. Scrone of their last 15 games. And seven. And the Warriors are going to be the first to win. And the Warriors are going to be the first to win. And the Warriors are going to be the first to win. And the Warriors are going to be the first to win. And the Warriors are going to be the first to win. And the Warriors are going to be the first to win. And the Warriors are going to be the first to win. And the Warriors are going to be the first to win. And the Warriors are going to be the first to win.