 We welcome you to Boston, Massachusetts this afternoon at TD Garden. A 2022 finals rematch to 47 and 12 Celtics taking on the 32 and 27 Golden State Warriors that's Brown. Stokes the game with a May 3. Boston is first in the NBA and first quarter points and second quarter points. What does that mean? They come out and hit first. That's what they do. They put teams on their heels and force them to have to react as Kamingo who's just been incredible in the paint getting to the rim since Golden State has found its footing and play Thompson continuing his good play that he's had really since coming off the bench starting here again tonight. Gonna see some pretty good shooting in this game, huh? Yes, Kristoff Porsinkus likes it. As Moody fires it down after Curry and White collided. Holiday's three is good. Drew Holiday shooting a career high 45 percent from three this season. Here's Green rumbling inside on the finish off the delivery from Curry. But sometimes being aggressive at the rim opens up things for your teammates. Did you see Jayden Brown knock down that three? Did you see Derek White knock down that jumper? What a Thompson his three short and now Brown two on one the other way. White with Brown. It's white who finishes. So for them to come out here against a good Golden State Warriors team and play a competitive game without Porsinkus, that's exciting. He and Jonas hits the three. I mean, just saying obviously having Curry has helped me and right now I feel like I'm the best version of myself, right? Well, thank you Cassidy and Steph Curry's banker there. Look about as long a route around the rim as you will ever see before it drops. And as Brown connects again on a three, 13 in the first quarter for Jaylen Brown. Sometimes to take your game to the next level as Jaylen Brown knocks down another three. Brown, you big. Jaylen Brown is scorching hot in this first. How's there's three? Yeah, he's good. Celtics, cooking. White leaves it in. Corn and flushes. There's Tatum. Clips it in. Jason Tatum with his first points in the game. Jackson Davis gets denied by Corn and two for one opportunity for the Celtics. Pritchard connects. Connex. Con of three. All gets denied by Tatum. Holiday. Flips it up and in. Thompson flips it in. How's her wide open? He got it. Got another three, the 11th of the half for Boston. Pritchard scoops it in. Time out, Golden State. Seven to shoot. A Pritchard looking for the steel, Kaminga flips it in. There's just been nothing close to easy for Golden State against this Boston did. Tatum, right to the rack. Yeah, a lot of those faces thus far for Golden State. Moody. Slice is in. And finishes. This brief, blowing style, the Boston Celtics are just eating and eating well. Tatum muscles inside and finishes. Tatum, a deep one. He is good. I thought it was such a great way for Joe Masulla to articulate. He said not only as he put up the numbers that he's put up this season's curry, on the drive, scoops it in. Second field goal, the game for Curry, was two of eight from the floor now. How great. Look, holiday tips it in on the second chance. Here's Tatum, guarded by Sharridge, who has struggled lately for the Warriors. Tatum again. It is just incredible. 60% from the field, 65% from three, but holding the Golden State Warriors to 35% from the field and 21% from three. My goodness. It's Tatum. Again off the dribble. He's up to 19 points and half. Round the deep catch in the finish. Tatum separates, kicks, widened open three. You bet. Curry, a deep launch. Won't go. Peyton flips it in plus the foul. Curry now, over eight from three. Back iron, no, long rebound, Paul after it with Peyton to his right, lobbing it up and taking the label to lay it in. I spoke with Steve Curry, looked me dead in the eye and he said, you know, if we had a break here there, that half would have been a lot different. Jackson Davis, able to force it in. So it's coming up, Paul Moody, Keniones, and Jackson Davis warriors without Fajimski, without Wiggins in this game. Well, yeah, and Steph was questionable coming into this game as Al Hortford knocks down a three. You had the largest half time lead in franchise history for the Celtics and the largest half time deficit in franchise history for the warriors. Is Tatum rattles into jumper? Different. That's special. That lets you know where your team is. Wow. A mammoth hammer there from Brown off the delivery from White. Holiday Brown spinning, kicking, Tatum, catch, fire. And hit from three. Thank you for clarifying. I don't know. I haven't been in many games. I haven't been in many games like this. Fifty-four games? Can you remember a fifty-point game you're on the floor? It has to be. Well, researchers. Can you own his? A guy or no? Jackson Davis on the put that. Greenmont Green, Clay Thompson, Steph Curry all did not start the second half after the warriors trailed by 44 half-time. Nice throw down there from Moody. I like the young players from both of these teams. So there are opportunities for both of them. As Femekai Luke hits the three. And they recently beat Brooklyn by 50 in a game here. As Shorich floats it in plus the foul. I would love to see that match up versus OKC or Minnesota. Two teams that are talented, but maybe not a ton of playoff experience. Right. So them versus the Lakers, possibly been interesting first round matchup. Here's Pritchard shoveling it inside. This is a franchise steeped in accomplishment and history. Their goal, they should accept the pressure. Somebody's doesn't have it going off the bench. It's just given them a few more options as they look to make that two-month postseason journey to a title in June as Halzer hits the three. Oh, Prisette able to swivel it in. Nice finish there. Four seconds left, Pritchard separates. Dan hits. The game was tied at 21 and then by the end of the first Boston was up by 20 plus. Pritchard knocks down a three. Santos can't hit the three. Prisette comes away with it for Boston. Halzer a wide open look is good. I think it's a little bit harder for wing players to win it because you're going to get 15 assists. Yannis won two MVP's and then won the championship. Yokech won two MVP's and then won the championship. Lebron James won a couple of MVP's before the championship. Prisette to the rack. The odds are not in the favor of us having a challenge. Jackson Davis humbles it down with the left hand. The West standing. So yeah, a lot of the teams that are kind of jumbled. Nice block there. From Robinson jumbled towards that. Seven eight nine ten. Richard who played well in the onus hits the fall away jumper. I have not seen a wave in an NBA game in about a decade. It has been a while. Tillman connects. On a three number twenty three for. The engaged wave crowd. Notice that about you. I've seen you walk through an airport. And arena. Macayle. Oops. Oops the alley. Macayle with you. Oh, you know, you know, a little play by play down the stretch. You are very good at your job. So we will allow you to do that. It's really hard to determine who are the best teams because so many teams have been unhealthy. Of the four teams ahead of them, the only one that did not go on to win the finals was the seventy three win warriors who of course lost in the finals to your calves. As Richard Dales III. Well, look, I stand by this. The Shaq and Kobe Lakers my rookie year. That might have been just the most unstoppable force that I've ever looked. I will say this. We had LeBron James, but when you look back on history, our team was as loaded of a team as you will see with Kyrie Irving Kevin Love. JR Smitch is so much depth that we had. The 52 point margin of victory. The third largest in Boston Celtics history.