 We'll get one more one. You ready? You game? I'm game. And the Dubs play their best basketball of the season. Nine wins in their last eleven. And want to keep it rolling against the Charlotte team. There's one former role themselves. Your Wiggins, the tornado move and the mid-range. We highlight it at the top of the telecast. Just how well he's played as of late. The Japsies got a tornado move, but there's a one to put it up and in. Everybody's throwing tornado moves out of them. They work. Rich is this average in 21 a game playing the fourth most minutes in the NBA. Richer, he comes up with a turnover and the steel on staff. Martin laying it up and in. And that will see issue in the first half against the Lakers. The Warriors had eight first half turnovers. And for the nice take, the better finish. Unlike man. Three, my four, three, career high. And nearly 44% on three's this year. And staff right down the lane. Lacked away my clay and then Kaminga comes up with it. When you play in the defense and then run the floor, Kaminga has a playmaker. That's a whole new chapter to his game. We rock Kaminga with a block. The man going with his head up again. Now we can call his own number. GP2 with a corner three. Brent Williams at the five. Brent Williams can shoot it. A Clifford says Williams' toughness is the reason they can kind of go small. Kind of like the Warriors. But Dremont's at the five. His toughness, his defense of prowess. What are the big reasons the Warriors could play that way. Rich is rattling home a three. Good idea. Just body language wise. Charlotte's a terrific confidence. See? Played with a side step three for Clay Thompson. So what I was going to say. He showed himself a way and has talked about his game. Knocks down another three. So maybe this is going to be another Clay Thompson off the bench. scorching hot game. Always makes sure Seth Curry has someone on him. Three man. Round and in. See that set shot. Got a lot of set shooters in this game. Wiggins attacking the baseline. And scoring around the Richards. Hey man, but the Yang Backshot clock at one. Wiggins status phenomenal defense. You can't play defense better than that. How's Bridges going inside the Herge? At one stone away, Bridges. And GP2. Give me that. He takes it right back. It's a defensive battle. Steph. OK. Let's find some guys making some shots. Found the glass there. And Steph's in the three. Here we go. OK, he's back. Each extra. Maybe a fuck. Nice finish. Now you see the low scoring. You see the poor shooting. It's not lack of energy. The second game is back to back. Your leg is OK. You got that one there. Sorry. And it had the palms up like, we got to make something. Sharps to pay for. And it's great out of his hand, but it baked in. So they've run in Sharps. And the war is ready to throw it over time. Mechich hitting the three. Marking the deflection. Steph took a little bump there. Kaminga. Strong rebound to finish. You see the right place at the right time. It just attacked him. And that's over Kaminga. That just shows you the ability of Miles Bridges. He's got 10. He just took five grand. Almost some great warrior defensive sequences. Like to have a more comfortable advantage. Kaminga. You can get Kaminga going strong now. Before halftime, that would bode well for the rest of the game. Balotic by Kaminga. The Jeffs gate. Very well. There you go. Gary said, right, before halftime, it said Steph, he'll say, stop turning it over. The Jeffs gate scores to begin the third quarter. Cody Martin and Brandon Miller. The train man. Bridges and Richard hitting the jumper there. Charlotte was shut out. The final three minutes of the second quarter, the final three, 50, the first quarter. So the Warriors have turned the faucet off. They have turned it off. And the Wiggins drops in his first three of the night. Oh, no. Jeffs gate. Look at that. Oh, it's not Richard. He is the rim to protect himself. And the shop blocker couldn't get to us. Miller shows his craftiness around the basket. Looks like a rookie there. Wiggins. He's the first warrior in double fingers on his 29th birthday. Happy birthday, Wiggins. Steph Curry. Layserning in a three. Brandon dropped it off the drain. I'll pump fake pump fake and then tipping it in. That works. And here comes Miller pushing the other way, lobbing it to Bridges. See, he can still do that. And that's what he used to be known for. He want that three top of the key jump. Close perfect. He was still going to get a bunch of minutes. So he's been open to coming off. The man she's responded well as the Warriors forced another turnover. And GP2 and a foot raise to lay it up and in. Good throw ahead by Caminga. Williams with a show and go and he will lay it up and in. You have to respect his three point shot. Grant Williams turns and that's why you have to respect that three point shot. GP2 inside. Okay. He's not quite Bridges. Miles Bridges. Yeah, he's struggling now. And then Steph Curry, nice take. They see John's the foul and flips it in. The point is got some offense and rebound. You got to think of Miles Bridges is going to try to take over a small defender there in the post. They're going to keep going to him. And when he came to double, Williams flew out of Meacham to the made it anyway. So good ball movement by the Hornets. He gives for three. And he records a home. His second three of the night. But just knows he has a free one here, but he threw it away. Lincoln's running with Kenyotes. Drop it out perfectly in the lane. He just waited until Meacham's committed to him. He's going to see Meacham. Meacham's testers look at the Royal bench. I like that action. That's how you finish a quarter strong. Oh my goodness. It was not just about size. It's Brandon Miller knocks down three. You got to keep that from knocking down three. So you got to take a split second and five. So a turnaround. Look for someone. Hit him as Brandon Miller. Okay, now he's a guy. You got to fight him. He's the reason they're all the way back in his game now. Charge. So could James get a light out for me? That's an aspiration by Dariel. Oh, what a pass to a Kaniyate top set. And, and, Sharish making plays now for Jackson Davis with the rebound. Play with a step back three. Play Thompson's got third Z. Seth Derry, a little floater. Young guy is saying small guy. Seth D. Seth Dumbledore in their career. Well, Chris Paul had such a strong base. Richard was following in the Brandon Miller miss. If a man with a step back three. And Moody, that was good defense. Moody, that Moody running the floor and step three. War to the late half of the day. That's great vision by Curry. And better help by Moody. Alright, I contested. I kept on running. Art and attacking. Sharish was there. And for three, we want this to get to ten points. Make it, Rooming down. Trace Jackson Davis. He went over teammates that time to put it in. And the reason you talk about the warnings with the lead is that turns it over is if you look at their fourth quarter numbers, that they're very poor. They want you to be like, he had to get penalized. It doesn't get as many calls. That's how they're hitting the three. He's showing. He doesn't need those three throws. This score big. How bridge is nice rebound and finish. Now they're back into his own. He's Santos was on Buster. Hey, he's Santos is better than 36% on three. He told you he could shoot it. He shot it well in Brazil. I was Bridges. Hey, Bridges is playing very well tonight. Will they're attacking? That's great. That's great defense. And a great second job. This is quite good. What's two very good rookies. And all the hornets, main guys are still in. So they're just going to play this thing all the way out. They're going to be out. They'll learn to grant Williams. And you will be fouled by Gisanto's. And an opportunity for a three point play. Shot clock at five. Who do you have three? Deep step back. Three and again. That's the best of everyone right there. He's off the clock and Moses rails it. So the Warriors 10 and two. That's going to be a goal 10. Oh, watch out. Miles Bridges did not like the fact that Canyotes went to score that one. The reason he shot that is there's a difference between the game and the shot point. Look at this. They're right there. Coach Curry's shot us break up. Big John's got Canyotes him. It was not pretty at all times, but the Warriors put five players and double figures. Shout out to put six players and double figures.