 You ready? You game? I'm game. My bad moves at the time. Away from Houston, Mike Brown, the head coach for the Sacramento Kings, a reigning head coach of the year, underscoring the importance. Jalen Green has been on a nice little heater for the Houston Rockets of late around the Shengun straight. Eclipse it. There's that pocket pass and that talented player out of turt and goon to Smith, Smith developing into a nice three and D switchable pool. Shengun inside past the bonus for the bucket. Shot just over 30 percent. A seamen ago that is a massive leap. And one. Murray. Fringey so far. Murray left it short. Subbonus had it knocked away by Van Blee. Here's Dylan Brooks. Subbonus thought about the three, tries it in and put it home emphatically with two hands. From Beyond the Arc, you want to make him feel your presence. Both Brown talks about closing out to the guys. If Subbonus with the midi, Dion Elis getting ready to come into the ball game along with Bunk. A nice step through by the dominant. You have to be able to focus on two things at the same time. And sometimes it's not even about that. It's just maybe someone else has a goon and you just kind of know aren't as aggressive as you think you should be. But Aaron Holiday. Brother Clay's for the Denver Nuggets and the other one for the Celtics. Landale underneath with the defensive rebound. Sacramento with a two per one scenario. If they want to take it. Bunk to land hits the roll man. What a great time by Munk. Shot clock and game clock difference is about four seconds. Fox is all over Holiday. Lost his balance but hit Thompson just in time as he was falling. And he's one of the leaders in the NBA. Here and is in that category. Six coming in tonight. And Whitmore knocks down the three. Six in the NBA and points per game off drives. Out top here. Tries to drive a good defense by Thompson. Sometimes it just doesn't matter. Is exactly what you want to see in this game. It tells me that they remember those brutal losses. And Houston back in early November and they did not come to play. Malik with the bail. Landale kicks it out one more to the corner. Jeff Green knocks down his surfer. Nice little squirrel action. And the layup by Deer and Fox. I love that. Oh man he smoked the layup. Left it on the front rim. Herder there with a little bit of help. He had it not loose. Fox says thank you very much. 16 of his 22 triple doubles have Thompson's January. He just continues to get better and better as the season goes on. That really is amazing. And that's a pretty amazing move by Jalen Green. And Shenguin one on one against the bonus. Sprays it out. Four on the clock for Ben Flee. You don't want to foul Murray got a hand up. That's why he has an NBA championship ring. Ben Flee. And one goes three. And that should be a big screen. That's terrible. Would you go into your role right into the defender? He's certainly opened up. A nice look for Van Lee and he laced it. The bonus working against Shenguin. Nice little step back fade away. Of course, domestically in the first half. An activity as well. Nice time inside from Dolmoster, Herder. Another assist and Kevin Herder. Little flip action to the bonus had it knocked away. And here's Van Bleek. Right now Dolmoster has all five of the Kings turnovers. And his game turnovers have not been a problem. But there are. As Brooks about his favorite story with Jordi said, Jordi kept using the analogy of boxing. He said basketball is like a boxing match. And there's a nice blow to the jaw. Shenguin moving his feet. Well, six on the shot clock. Good cut by Murray. Got it on the clutch and got a hand in. Keegan Murray with the flex. Van Bleek on Murray. Inside Shenguin with the break that paint. Shenguin on the catch the roll, man. Flips it home. You know, he's number two in the NBA. In the beginning and Dolmoster struggled turning the ball over in this game. It's taken his rhythm away a little bit. Inside Thompson with the room service. The lead is up to 11. Dolmoster. Got it back from the bonus. Out to Mitchell. Brooks with good defense on him. Boy, gave me a Mitchell playing with a lot of confidence right now with the offensive end. Rockets have turned it up offensively. Nine of 17 in this period. Mom. Supposed to spin some hits. Going to that two-man game. I like Monks mentality on that. Bring the pocket past to Shenguin one more to Thompson. Just hanging around. Is going to teach in those moments and call him out. Good show by Trey Laos on band. Land day late one. You allow Houston to go nine to ten from the free throw line. And eight turnovers equal 11 points for Houston. NBA a 15 point lead is, you know, like a six or eight point lead. Green over the top of Laos. Tough bucket. Jalen Green. Fox on the outlet. Month wide open lines up the scenes of the ball. Butter. But the Kings have to figure out a way to be productive when they do get in that painted area. They go underneath the screen on Whitmore and he proves to be lethal from deep on that occasion. Month off the Doma screen. Great time draw. And Doma's with a slant. You talked about it though. He's got a lot of three point attempts. He's been aggressive getting down. He's only attempted to free throws in the game. And Jalen, pardon me, that's Thompson underneath. When a mongon, Doma's actually bumped into each other. And he makes him eliminate out of some lemons. Land deal with the catch. Shot clock at five for Van Fleet. He's got a corner up on him. Oh my goodness. What a shot. Month off the handoff. Back out to Herder. One more to the corner. Mitchell for three. Got it. Month, popping into the front court. Raises up. Took the head. No whistle. And month with the left. Van Fleet went under the screen on Mitchell's subonus from Point blank range. Great patience that time. Both teams defensively causing a lot of problems. And Sacramento controls the tip. Half-paltrow league month. Month, float game. Tip 10. Oh, no. Three, four. Three, four. Smith got a little something for them at the other end. Spraying it out to Green, baseline three. Mitchell with the board. Up for both of them. One connection. Month with 13 of his 18 coming in this fourth quarter. Cheng Guin spins on Murray and knocks it down. Box off the subonus screen. On the mid. Got it. Poured. And the lead is down to five. Seven on the shot clock. You don't want to foul here. Subonus up at the level. They corral, Van Fleet. Green for three. That is a big triple. They worked the clock. Van Fleet trying to out dribble the double team. And subonus with the pinch. Inside draws the hit that is Robert. And Cheng Guin went down the mark and is grabbing his left knee. He enjoyed his mother and father who came over to visit from Turkey for a month. They had just gone home a few days ago and enjoyed watching him play in person. They have shot less than 30% of season. And so that is something that they have to try and remedy. Mom did it in a hurry. Still a two possession game. Well, they gave it a last gasp effort. But not enough. As Emei Adoka and the Houston Rockets keeping their play in tournament home. And so that is what they are doing. And so that is what they are doing. And so that is what they are doing. And so that is what they are doing. And so that is what they are doing. And so that is what they are doing. And so that is what they are doing. And so that is what they are doing. And so that is what they are doing. And so that is what they are doing. And so that is what they are doing. And so that is what they are doing.