 You ready? You game? I'm game. Are you focused? Do you have your attention in the right place? That's what you have to be concerned about in the scenario. That's what's got to happen in this game. You see opportunity, take advantage of it, help your team in and get this started off right. Patients get this started off right. A siakum, despite all the other stuff. Palabrton was quite good. And the Pacer's force to turn over and running is siakum. The Gabe Tyree's Haliburton had the day off on Tuesday. Here's Cunningham's jumper good. This is the first game that Smith has not started alongside siakum. Thompson to go. I got it for Purin. A little mismatch on the far side. Good defense. Really good defense. Thompson fires it up and Detroit has the lead. He had 34 minutes playing against Charlotte, 34 against Toronto. Does that appear to be restricted at all tonight? Alright, thanks J.J. Here's Nimhard scoring. Siakum, out of the double team. Haliburton launches for three. And a good look at Tyree underneath the Casey Miss. Haliburton again. Oh, what a step back there with Ivy. What the Pacers have to do, particularly over here, you've got to get out of the run. Haliburton again for three. He's going to be, he saw two five level mental world. J.J. just noted the find a way to get on track. So they got some veteran players to try to do that. They started the year three and 36. They are five and ten since County at a foul. McConnell inside leads it off. Jackson lays it in County. That's who's off the bat. That's who's off the bat. Toronto misses there. Long rebound. Yeah, he missed it, but he was confident that getting it taken it. Make Durban for three. Welcome back to Indian Doug McDurman. And his mom, D.L. played for the Indian of Bieber. Ed Cochette, Notre Dame. He's feeling. He's feeling. You can see he's trying to be sass off the dribbler. Here's Toppen. Sheppard in the corner for three. Great catch. Top pass. Toppen was able to get it over there. Sheppard, who you know didn't get. They played well in Toronto. They were not that way down. I think Shake Milton by his facial expression even thought he had fouled. He just knows how to play. The guy just knows how to play. Ivy jumps into Matacai Flynn, who started the year in Toronto, was traded to New York. Yes. Quick pick up on that one by McConnell. He's got 68% and hit 7-12 from three-point range. They've led by as many as 21, but right now they have the just 13, and now it's just 11. Running him to his spot and drills it. And he walked that caught that time. He tried the same thing he did earlier, even though he's undersized for a lot of that. Fontequio has returned for Detroit years. He's given him the blue. He's got 10 points. But it do you dee along? Here's Durin inside. He don't sit. Like he was off balance, not able to get himself. Faces again by 21. Turner got popped in the face by Durin. Here comes Math倫. He slides inside and scores. Great hands by Halley. He's going to take it close to Kostana reverse Durin. He's feeling good. If you're wondering about that hamstring, would he know it was good? Get out and get that done. That's when he fell into a retreat. Just had another one. Oh, I feel this one. It is another Durin by Hannover. Detroit had Cunningh, 21 point deficit to 11. But it's been all Pacer's sins. There's another few who are coming here. 50-40. Yeah, he's very close to that. Here's Cunningham, 21 point. 13 now for Kate Cunningham. We haven't always handled having the lead well. And these are areas we want to mature in as we're building habits, to hopefully prepare us in a position to go into the playoffs. Thank you. Yeah. Here is a three and it's Cunningham. Mathrin trying to get around Thompson, ducks inside, banks it in. Boy, that was not an easy shot. Had to handle it a couple times. Pacer's had up 22. The ball got hit, so he's able to grab it. I'm going. Four three, four, Tyree's Halibur. Mathrin tried to create again, but he's gotten banged around in there. He's been taking off in some awkward disaster, who's just as soon. Cunningham, miskin rolled around the rim. Nice to meet you. Halibur. Siacca hits the three, got it from Halibur. Rebounded by the Pacers. Bad pass. Is that for the fans? We got curly fries and crookers. He's due to make up. Too strong, rebound Mathrin. He's shooting again. Halibur, off the glass. What a shot. 23 for Tyree's. He's nine of 13 from the field. And an assortment of shots. Halibur, it launches short. He made a bad gamble here. I would be surprised if you could call the timeout. That's a bad gamble. After the shot was missed by Halibur, and that's so many subtle nuances to the game, the Zikasiakon play. And Durin, how was it home? For Pat Boyland, will be in the Pacers' locker room, and great to be reunited with all of our staff members here. He was in the green nightingale. Oh, my! Terrific job. Private and hard, defense. Having to help, top and into top. Skid pass in the corner to Shepard. Great read, great read, because with a skip pass, you trust about Shep Getson. Defense times the recovered. 15 seconds to play. It's a 17-point lead. The second nine at the half, an impressive third quarter for the pistons. And fornie will try to answer, he does. Thompson just was so quick, all of a sudden. You got a game here. And the Connell got it. Sweet, one handed, using the real-for-protection. He made one of the top two. Look who the Pacers go to, McConnell. Neatabasket, Coltijet. He's been in double figures in all three games he's played. Nice pass. They're by McConnell for the finish by Jackson. 29-point half-time lead. The Troid hatch is 43. Oh, that's another alley-ooped-dawisening. That's where the pistons like the Alabama Burton and Turner ready to come in. Oh, I thought we were home. Shepard with a left hand. And a winning candidate in the right. Get into the left set. Or quality players to put on the floor that make tough decisions at difficult times and they can make play as well. Turner, the basket, and a foul over DURN. Acer's in control. Much of this game. Slick-loved by Ivy. Some people, particularly with that size, can be uncomfortable. Here he is against Bontequilla. He's playing some solid defense. The lock. He's doing some social defense. That's what the outcome can do. 18-point lead, final three minutes plus. Pacers trying to go seven over 500 for the fifth time this year. Alabama Burton finds Turner in the fourth and M. Horne. A little touch pass. Mathorette at the rim. So you're starting to see the two stars. It really communicates. You