 Our story tonight hits a high note in downtown Los Angeles where two heavyweights get ready for a fight out west. Co-wide letter to the Clippers could grab sole possession at the top of the Western Conference with a win against Minnesota. The town's a very, very gifted brick one shooter as good as there's been at that height. Or seen in the put it on the floor, put it up and put it in for the games first basket. Spending more time in the paint this year. Bulti drank bottom five in the league in pace. That's a style thing. That's not necessarily something that equates to success. They'll bear the lot from Conley. They team up once again. They were in Utah a couple years ago. Now here in Minnesota, hard catch and shoot three splash. James Hart has found the range of late brings the Clippers to within one. He's got all five. As towns lays it up at every point lead from Minnesota, he has been a different approach than we have ever seen from a Clipper team. Mixed Daniels tries to drive in on two. Bates back and knocks it down. The Clippers went small in Minnesota. Furching staff felt that they found a little bit of something as Co-wide letter knocks down his first shot. Russ counted in a foul and sent him to the line. Leonard tries to go to the corner against the former teammate of San Antonio and Pat L Anderson. And Co-wide letter knocked down his second shot. Clippers pulled it within one. The Alexander Walker drives it inside and lays it in. And it's now 18-15 Minnesota, bluntly stripped. Walker Alexander the other way. I had to Edward Shetty lays him in. Edward sees stuff around the iron in the lays it in. Once a whistle not going to get it. With footwork by Edward, the force to pass it out to Reed. A gifted three-point shooter and he knocks it down. 41% on the year. Westbrook attacking. Ross the defense. That leaves Co-wide letter to open for the three and he retellies. How old? Force is the contact on Edward's no whistle. Let her look out the low. Leonard attacks again. Oh, boy! Nice pass inside by Anderson. Tough finish for towns. 30-26. A mere coffee for three. It's good. And then you can call on role players and continue to deliver. Here went from being undrafted now to disclosing lineups on a championship caliber team. As towns knocks it down again. Towns in deep three. It's good. Westbrook. I want to take on the entire team here. Seems like and he does and he plays it in. I'll tell you, he's been the most impactful clipper on the floor here so far in the first half. What a fee! What a finish. Russell Westbrook delivers again. And the clippers cut the lead down to two. Challenge runs over. Climbing, creating space. Ducks at the Anderson. Now in the corner for three, Alexander Walker knocks it in. Monte Mori sees out there. A recent acquisition. And welcome to the Timberwell's. He knocks down his first shot. James Harden gives a George attacking down the lane. Pop some cannon knocks it in. His first fucking nine to shoot. George posting on Conley. And shoots right on the top of him. Second bucket for George. Kauai inside, rapper on the man. Blocked the behind. And George tries to push it in. No. Harden going to try to rescue the position. And does seven for James Harden. They find Leonard cutting the basket. This missed by a gold pair. Cushers recovered. Erdog knocks it down. He's got nine. And a time out for Minnesota. They trailed the clippers by 10. They tie it up at 43 in the English. Well, try hot George and puts it in. Leonard attacks. Blocked from behind by McDaniels. I'll tell you who. The goal line defense here for Minnesota has been perfect. Thank you. Alexander was able to slip in because a lot of the tension was on the mismatch of James Harden. Garden, musical pair. There's Anthony Edwards. He is just so tough. Now 49-45. Terence man attacks and leaves it in. Here comes James Harden. Down to the head to man. George, a transition free. It's going. And for the first time tonight, the clippers take a one-point lead. Deflection of reception. Harden for plenty of time. To the shoot. Harden for three. A hit in the home. Yes sir. And we're now at the first quarter in this quarter. And Minnesota ties it up at 53. Go pair, Rumble, Count Elaine, and Leigh Zedend. And the 6-0 start from Minnesota here in the third. Well, the clippers close the first half on a 20-to-6 run. Minnesota opens up with H-3 here in the third. Strong move by Colleyer Leonard to break the 8-0 run coming out of a timeout. Conley on the wings for three. It's good. Continues to be a pain in the neck for the clippers. He's got five points, five assists. Harden picked up by towns. He'd like this matchup in the first half. Back penalty for three. That's why. George, catch and shoot three. OK. Paul George for the dozen. And we're tied at 62. Leonard inside lays it in. Edwards for three. Go pair, tries to follow. It got fouled in the face. Count it in a five. George, ice cream from hard turns the corner. Hands to Leonard. He sees nothing but a skull. The distance inside fades away and knocks it down. I don't know how he kept himself in control there. What a shot by Edwards puts Minnesota out of the front by four. Russ, oh, put it in. Westbrook knocks down the train. He brings the clippers to what it was. We turn it over. And there's the McGabbies at the depths. That is a crazy possession there. Edwards. Anderson for three. His seventh made three. You can see the bench for Minnesota. He has been a reluctant shooter. George, down the lane. Hades and hits. What a play by Paul George. Go pair against Leonard. Up under in the push. Go eye looks to attack quickly, even after the main shot. And Towns climbs in. He's got 24. Edwards. Wow. He's got such incredible body control. Reach over on the handle and then the touch. And Nas Reed with his second best. He's got five points and six rebounds catching shoot free by Powell. It's gone. It has to feel good. For Norman Powell. Blocked by Tyson. Reed of a live dribble a ZDM. The first go small gears with 935 to play. Go pair punishes them inside and the lead balloons to 20. For Minnesota, they would have a two o series lead. It beats you another way. And that's why this Minnesota team is at the top of the legend. Pouches into coffee, launches from 14. That's good. He wants to whistle. Not going to get it. He's got 11 off the bench. Alexander Walker. Go pair with a rebound and the put back. 103. For Minnesota team out in the third score. The first eight points. They scored 40 points overall. The three resumed. Tops it up and in. And a tie out by Chris Fidge. We're going to walk over the big finish. Minnesota coming off a nice win against Mil Walker. So then, record a bank in three by Anthony Edwards. Cooper is will play Minnesota. March 3rd. March 12th. The white flag has been weighed here by Ty Lou. And the Cooper will try to regroup and take on the golden state lawyers in the Bay Area on Wednesday. And team this playman a little bit better. How about Clay Thompson knowing that he's not the same player who won. And I'll tell you who he's not to say. He's a better version of himself. And at the end, Virginia really dominate the game. 21 points. 17 to 16. What's 23 points right now? I think that drought of them not winning a playoffs series. Absolutely comes to an end we are in April. Go on to Minnesota to start the series. Brother. With a team that has felt the disappointment year in and year out. Enough to see the difference from an ownership perspective and how now that's. Pan all dividends to the product on the floor. Got them into the playoffs, but not really over the high. Has Boston knocks down the jump shot. It's good to see that back where. Minnesota fans the community can all support it. Jordan Miller with the floor. She has played really well in the G league for. The Ontario Clipper. And the Walker for three. That'll do it. 121 to 100. Like the last active possession for Minnesota. Wolves will improve to 37 and 16. Clippers will fall to 35. And seven.