 the first to the first before the latter moves south next here to a brand new venue here's Hartton and it drops James Hartton Reeves with the floater comes up short got it back and Davis inside for the easy-duse Hodgimore inside good pass by Austin Reeves so too quick a ciss for him let her get it back and then he's in the first big-off the back throws it down he's a player who is not struggled out of the all-star break here's Leonard who's yet to take a shot he touched on his efficiency and every season adding something different to his game there's the jump-off James firing into Davis goes right to the 25-5 for Davis and he's in the flush over Anthony Davis on team bound the Lakers Davis to the five six points here in the first five minutes for a day and what played by Davis stripping tights reaching in getting it away for a minute and getting it away for a minute and getting it away for a minute and keep it from jumping until the end before seconds and steps Bart defenders and candidates fighting there's another following game inside the Dist Soc will a three from the mere coffee is good. Coffee. Charging really great. And the chase down swathrum James. Really feels like the Bronn can continue to play at this level for at least another couple more seasons. Another great defensive played by Davis, who is owning this game right now in the defensive end. Reeves hangs, finishes off the window. Austin Reeves has seven points and four rebounds already. Here's the lot of probably perfect pass from James Harden who averages eight is cis per game. Russell hesitates tries again this time. It's good. Four second difference in the game in shot clocks here at the end of the first. Westbrook defending James teammates for a little bit with the Lakers James tough shot, but it goes down and the foul. LeBron James with the tough shot in the backward summer soul Westbrook brings it across with two plenty of time especially with his speed. And the tip is good from Leonard. After tonight, they have 25 games remaining as Paul gets the basket. I don't know if people realize how strong James Harden is. We see that on display there just powering his way into the lane to get to and on the other end. D'Angelo Russell hits that two. See Paul George not soon enough tonight as James drills a three and he shooting 40% from three as high as percentage from out there since 2013. There's Harden again. You see him reach the ball out. Here's the reach in by the defender. Count it and one. James rebounds. Looks to push James downhill. Oh God. 12 from LeBron. Terrence Mann in the lane following away gets it to go. And the difference right now is free throws like the other night. The Clippers have taken 11. The Lakers have taken two. There's Harden getting a basket again on the window and the double figures now with 11 to lead the team. The volleyball Hachimura gets the defender out of the way and stops it. Harden's got nine here in the corner. Make it 12. Swaycing home a three. Mann the cutter. Hagen finished. Great fine two by coffee. Reeves Hachimura Davis. D'Invitty and Russell good pass by Leonard. Mann gets another basket. He's up to 12 on five of six shooting. They're making the right read. As Spencer D'Invitty makes the hell of a read right there two day. Leonard still down on the other end of the floor. Couple of hot fakes and a lay in. They haven't won a Clipper home game. The Lakers haven't since 2000. As Harden gets another basket. He's got 16. Davis good catch underneath gets the slim. He's got 12.5 rebounds three assists. Beautiful move that time bringing the ball up high, getting it across the defender and putting it up and in. Hachimura underneath with the bucket. Harden for three from straight on. It's good. Second triple for James Harden. Mann with a step back. Continues to add the hot hands six of seven shooting. James ahead to Russell. Had Russell with the lay up. Nine points now for the Angelo Russell. Hachimura attacking in back to back. We're fast break. Book gets by the Lakers timeout by Tee Loo. Hands by Hachimura gets the steel in back to the head. There is a set. Boy, Rui Hachimura makes a terrific defensive place. As Rui takes it away from Harden. And then gets the lap on the other end. Paul the Lakers with N9. If 10 fast break points to novice Davis blocks Leonard. And they're going to say jump ball. So no basket on the Leonard. Harden penetrates. Find the counter. Ties lays it in. Full of three Leonard. It's good. Now I Leonard with his second three. Leonard fires to the corner. Spotted from Ties. Switches three on the three. Steel, Harden ahead to coffee leaves it. For man spins and finishes. Timeout, Darwin hand. Here's Harden with Davis on him. Kawai with two to shoot. And it is good for three for Kawai Leonard. James trying to answer does. Harden backs off fires. In on the three. Rebound Davis down court as Reves. And the lap for Austin Reves. Who's had most of his baskets in transition. Here's a mid-range shot that's good from Anthony Davis. Lakers back within 11. Coffee another open three. The clover is made just three trees in the first half. And they've hit five here in the third quarter. 10 winning. Wow shot as he's falling down. Moving to his left. Putting it up with his right hand. So, Brian, you got to start taking it at the defense. And so, he competed there and he gets the layup. That's broken up by Leonard. Westberg down court. Fuzz it down. Inbound, a pow turn and shoot. It's one out of bounds. Norman pow hits the three at the buzzer. The clippers had a buzzer beater at the end of the first. And one here at the end of the third. And they've come out in zone on nearly every single defensive possession tonight, coming out of a timeout. And a three from Cam Reddish. His first point to the game. As James takes his time, drills it. LeBron now at 18 is third three. That is Westberg attacks and score. I really looking forward to the end to it, though, next year. The new building for the clippers is James Henson-3. Actually here at Rourou, they're probably the lot of Lakers fans here. They're back within 12. Chance for the Lakers. Maybe they get it down to nine. James, come on. LeBron James heating up. The crowd coming alive. James in transition. Caption shoot. What's up, LeBron? Lakers within seven. James now on the other end. Attacking public big shot goes. Lakers within five. Pass broken up by LeBron, but ends up in collis hands. Paul with one to shoot. Drills a three. Man, he's hit some big shots tonight. James top of the key. He hits a three. LeBron with 29-4-3s in the third time out clippers. The while entered back on the floor. Shot goes down on the window. Now, Heart and Switch is out. This is what James wants. He gets past him. He drives. He hits. Missed the shot, got it back. Goes up. Flips it in with a left hand. LeBron step back. Three on the way. Bottom. LeBron James with five threes here in the corner. Lakers within two. Offensive rebound Davis. And fouled on the put back drive. A deties the game at 106 with four minutes to go. James driving on foul. Kicks it out. Hatchimora. And finally, the Lakers had the lead. Overcoming a 21-point deficit here in the fourth. Rivers lay up good. Five really Hatchimora points. Gives the Lakers a five-point lead. James Heart and finally gets the clippers of basket. James to Russell. His play is good. And the Lakers lead by six. Here's Leonard. He'll drive. Left go with a left hand. Clippers back for the two. LeBron driving. Foms the way. Missed the shot. Rebound Heart and finally. LeBron James defending Kawaii Leonard who catches and drives. Clippers down to the following baseline. Short, great defense James. It's the rebound ahead to Riddish with the exclamation point. We're gonna come back when by the Los Angeles Lakers. And it wasn't just LeBron on the offensive end.