 Checkpoints Top! Now the three ball 39 percent reverse layup over his head goes to Angela Everybody's two teams met on January the 13th here jazz ball on top one thirty two hundred twenty five in that game There's no take advantage in that's what Kessler does This is what you need for the Anthony Davis up under Yes, there is a not gonna shoot it from out there if he does it'll be a shock to everybody Attacking the basket of the basket is sexting and it uses the board to score Second block of the game already for Kessler have a chance for a little bit It turns into a three on one Reads you pick tonight at least favorite job in the studio, but here I will absolutely accept to this I had to be really hot to know boys surrounded by a trio of jazz players Yet he muscles it up in his head Well, they're gonna give him plenty of time here. Oh, oh, tipped up and in by Mark and in flying by the rim Just drilling it from the outside AR so shots are there to be had makers five out of their last six make it six out of their last seven as well. It's again. It's really hot You know Kante George He's fourth on the team in threes made that was his snow from the corner Spencer The jam I got it you take it and it's Boy Spencer had it going the other way And they just picked his pocket And he throws it down Pull up just inside the free throw line in its Davis Clarkson Done along for three so they don't close out on him and he makes some pose at your board It goes And get sloppy with it No matter what they are working through the Utah Jazz we finish there by Spencer dinwitty When we catch you got it Delo became a guy the Lakers couldn't trade I mean that's how well he was flying here. It was just no way you're gonna get rid of him Gin witty Right through the net was it alongside I got this actually from In my toe on the Lakers podcast Bruey there's already impressive total underneath he does just that can do no wrong Make this come back out with Reeves Archimore Davis Prince And in winning but once again down it goes Three point of pocket leans in Heat up and it's only a three point make a leave Ruey look at this turns the body and lays it in Same spot same result Jordan Clarkson Coming off of his most points in a month as Reeves Means in he gets into the paint didn't win he from behind in a B is all by Horses Lakers will take that for sure In space underneath and Kessler throws it down here's Clarkson who's gonna pick them up? That's good because he did not think he was gonna come over and challenge That's gonna be jump ball marketing gets free underneath and lays it in Lakers got lost defensively there especially Prince And was that just marketing it's like the sex and touch it I don't think so there is underneath the reeds on a great bounce deal What's thinking about Davis and finally gets an underneath he just has to turn and score all too easy That's In for three Opportunity they gave it back to him again So Kessler yet another block he'll be in the rising stars game in a deep part of the weekend festivities Jay This is underneath and obviously there's garland and sex 180 16 Again Drew Egame of his life. Game of his NBA life, basically right now. There's a D. Get it out back in again. Good to see that one go. Sexton for you, Oakley. That's on the minute. And Collin II's got two more. Oh, we got a three on one. Christian one. And he gave us with the 40 down the lane from Christian. One to E. B. And for all of you in his Clarkson. Four years started fast and is strong and out there. Thousand and a round of chance. It's Davis. What is that? Ten more or no? Ten straight for A. D. Oh, Spencer comes out the other side and lays it up and in. Look at this pass by B. Scott it. Austin another sensational dish in A. D. Barry's home. That's going to be Hendrix. Taylor Hendrix. Done. Let's get a little move in the line. No. Reads for three. Yes, sir. That's good entry. We can't finish cleaning up. A. D. What a quarter for Davis. Now, Prince H. DePri. That he used to glass his toy and Prince. But a lot of slot right now. Who liked this? What about not B. 2? He's counting out. Count it and one. The high watermark of the year is five over 500. We're here with 15 decades. Spencer. We said welcome back to LA last night. The Taff High School product. Christian is getting his heart. Got the other end. Collins slams at home. Spencer and Dean Winnie. Bring it up. Oh, he dishes to Jackson. He's under a knee. And he puts it up and in. Good to have been two or three times. I'm sure you've seen a lot of new linings right now. Mark Getman from the outside. A quiet night for Lime. Jackson H. Comets to five. I would say the first half of the season, but it's not even close to that. A. D. Little 10 footer in the lane. I'm sure it'll save his name. Much better effort for me. And the result will be better too. Throw it down to head slam. Dirk by Jack Tays. Fiji George got it. Because at three, Davis Top of the key. 37 and 15 to nine four. I would jump in the lane for Jordan Blarks. And really see it. Max got career high. He's in very deep turn of jumps. Right. He's got it right there. He's got 30, but 32 and a new make it. 33, a new career high for Ruey. Ruey's. Yes. Come on, ring it up, Austin. That was deflected if it wasn't. It'll be in a violation. Prince has fun. Joins the party. Timeout. I'll get in the garage. In a moment. And that one's jumped up and in by Kessler. Easy for me to say. I think he can throw it down on the lob, don't. I'm off the stone again. And Prince Skaw is underneath. Ruey Hatchamore. Does he want more? He's got more. 37 for Davis. 36 for Hatchamore. AR. Here he goes. All the way to score. Obviously, I love my time. Yeah. I'm happy I received Toledo. I'm not the string here. We're just over a minute. And they'll knock it down. No replace in the great Stuart Lance. That's a lot of fun happening here. Absolutely. It's been a night.