 Welcome to one. You ready? You game? I'm game. We welcome you to Phoenix, Arizona, and 81 degree February afternoon in a big time Western conference matchup between the 31 and 27 Lakers, the 33 and 24 Phoenix Sun Grayson Allen leading the NBA in 3. Shooting percentage. This time drives it in for two. Here is Al Jimora. Lakers like to post him in this big starting lineup and this is why Al Jimora got inside of Allen with an Allen able to come up with a stop. Reeves gives it up in the corner. Al Jimora knocks down the three. James crosses body and in. Feathery touch for LeBron James. Booker? James came from behind with the rejection booker. The persistent pursuit using the window. James had a knock away. Thought he got found booker weaving dish and directly is at home. Here's Nurgish using the girth and flipping it all. But when you talk about size and you talk about the ability to just cause problems as LeBron with that dime to DiAngelo James to the rack. Here's James. Stop. Pivot and finish. LeBron James able to wiggle his way inside. All nice. Nurgish. Hook city and plus the foul. First foul on Davis. Here is Reeves accelerating to the cup and finishing. This returning the starting lineup averaging nearly 17 points on 51% shooting. Booker such a smooth stroke. Yes Davis denies Booker. Lakers looking to run. Grant wants the screen. Props it to Nurgish. Nurgish. I can't on the finish. Use of Nurgish eating well in this opening quarter. As Booker gets it to drop plus the foul and a chance for three for Devin Booker. Get your teeth and plays it all. Here's Booker into the corner. Bowl bowl coming off the big game. It's the three. You know the fans are going to love that. The Rand working Reeves spinning, fading, and hitting. O'Neill over to Booker back to O'Neill wide open. Pnex. Anna three Roy Sonio fitting in nicely. Bowl bowl the shot fake. The drive. The floater is good. He has to improve defensively. And even his decision making on the offensive end because his skill level is a wheat. Not your Murrow. Nox and a jumper. Not your Murrow gets denied by U-Banks. Russell raffles in a three. The Russell has talked about how being aggressive with his own shot is actually open everything else up. As Bowl bowl fires it down with the right hand. Allen will get it off. He will. And Tiff. And the buzzer grace an Allen. Drills the three. James serves it up and in beautifully. James to the corner. Russell. Wow. Office finger tips in the lead. And there's the first time out Richard Jefferson. Russell's focus. That's the problem. That's what he does best. Russell says he's focused on making teams worry about him first. Allen in the corner. That one finally drops. Yes. As Davis fires it down off the dime. From James. Allen open. You bet. Anna three. A time from James. And Prince. It's the three. Here's James. As size on O'Neill. Backing him down. James easy work. Here's Prince another open look. That one is good. And another time out taking. As Nurgance gets free and flushes it down. Oh, great look from James. And Hatchimora finishes plus the foul. You're saving Lee. Into the corner. O'Neill the pump fake. In the head. Roy so Neil with his fourth three of the first hat. Erkage to ball. Eddie flips it in. Ball ball. Nine points and ten minutes. Here's Russell in the corner. Connecting on a three. He said he realized that he had to understand how to be more aggressive. It took a very different approach to his aggressiveness on the offensive. Russell flips it in. There you go. Here's James up ahead to Reeves leading him into the pain. For to finish. They shot it three early at the end of the first. The left time round is bowl ball across his body. Slinks it in. Here's Russell. He got it. Executes the two for one in the hip wiggle after the three. Sometimes you got to move those hips. As Reeves starts the third with a three. And now it is a six point game. There's the Rand catch fire and hit. Off to Booker. Six to shoot. Booker trying to work Reeves. Booker elevates. All what touch. Professional move from David Booker. The Rand open. Connects on a three. Hatchimora. Off to James. Davis floats it in. Looks like the Lakers are intent on trying to get Davis going here after a meek first half. Deansle Russell with the floaters. Reeves turns the corner on O'Neill and lays it in. Says Nurgish gets free for another lay. James wide open. Connects. Not a triple. Oh James the steel. James with the full body burrolo at the rim. Oh James nice rifle inside to Davis. Tenth assist for LeBron. James nearly a steal from Dibwitty. Derand able to muscle through. Nurgish throws it into the back or another chance for James. The scoop and the flush. Plenty of LeBron fans in the building. Soaking off every fast break opportunity for James who now is 20 points. Penaling through Davis the beneficiary of Christie's work. We did not see Max Christie in the first half. Christie connects. Son of a corner three and he is a two point game. There are minus 14 as booker Silky Spood on the jumper. Did Witty get splot but Davis. There for the clean up because of the stakes between the difference of being in the plane or not or being in that first plane versus second. As Davis a thunderous put back. Alina deep three is good. What a launch from Grayson Allen. Allen gets denied by Davis. Here comes James. Kevin Durant is one of the best on ball defenders when you look at Grayson Allen knocked out that three. Davis little jab step and a jumper. He's good. As Russell's pass gets knocked away. O'Neill off the turnover. Floats it up and in. Grayson move it transition from Royce O'Neill. The Rand connects. Darvin Am needs. Nope. No he's not going to take a time now. Looks like he was going to as James hits the three. James another three is good. Reeves gets denied by Nurghitch. Booker dashing ahead. Booker water rejection. The Angelo Russell with a full south ball swat as to Rand splash on the mid range jumper. I'll never forget a training camp. We were doing double days as you see Anthony Davis knock it down two hours before we all showed up for a double day. Good for you brother. Good for you. Pretty awesome story has. Allen banks it is Davis. His jumper is good. The longest streak by a Lakers trio in the franchise is history. That is to Rand Denys hot tomorrow. Big possession here for the Lakers. Davis push shot rolls in. Huge second half from Anthony Davis. The Rand goes back door on James. Allen in the corner. Cut it. Not a three. Beautiful possession there from Phoenix in the lead back to mouse O'Neill. You bet. Good for you to Royce because you have Devin Booker. You have Devin Booker from three. The performance against Houston in a loss was encouraging to them and this has been a big fourth quarter as Booker adds a little sauce. That's a huge flip sitting. And Roy Sonio can dribble this out on the suns. Make it eight straight wins at home. Thank you.