 You ready? You game? I'm game. It is they welcome Janice and the box. It has got deflected but still found its way to Janice who slams it. You can see the Lakers are going to build a wall. They're not going to allow Janice to get to the ring but pro-Glopez finds his way there. Russell, on the triple handoff, floater from the ring. In the pain around the now but he got his own rebound and then spins it in off the glass. The doc Rivers says we don't have the best foot speed so we need to hustle and get back because we are big and it's tough to score against us. Although Davis found a way back and getting in over the Greek Frick. Davis, his past low pass reverse lap is good. What a sweet move by A.D. Janice spinning in the lane kick out. Beasley, good luck. And he drills that one. Here's Davis again getting a touch in the high post. Look at it take low pez. Now the step back on the money. Great start for Davis. This is exactly what Ham and Vision is. You said here's low pez now and the three goes down back to back threes. Former walkie. Janice with a head of steam to step through and the finish. I don't know how he got around. Anthony Davis, the Laker brass thought he traveled. Reeves penetrates floater. Good, Anna Bob. Three points dance for Austin Reeve. Davis had inside position of Dinwitty, a transition three. And the Laker's time to game at 14. Incredible power move that time by Janice against A.D. Up to Hachimora, penetrates spins and finishes with a laugh. Davis again getting a touch in transition and he scores. Eight shots already for Davis in eight minutes. Davis thought about the three now the blow by and the slam. So that's ten for Davis, Lillard. Boy, it's degreeed. Dipped and built the on that shot. Offly hides his first field goal of the game. Lillard was listed as questionable coming in with a rib injury. Terrific finish that time from Reddish. Good find by Russell. Here's low pez. And low pez with two threes already. Jackson Hayes cutting and flushing again. The dish from Russell. Beasley reaches in and gets the steal knocking it away. Portison transition with the stuff. About a 12 second difference between the game and shot clocks as the three. The loser's for Russell. Having a career year in three point shooting. Yeah, Cassidy. There were four, twelve and three and they had a lot of good looks as Hachimora hits the baseline jumper to get the Lakers within one. He has been consistent. He has been dominant. He's shooting it from the three and trying to do well and so's that guy right there. He's one of those guys. He is absolutely one of those guys. The usual Russell can get high. At least. With the slam, Russell found it. Yannis down hill with a step through. Count the basket and one. Russell weaving through traffic. Now, flyers and connects on another three. He's for for four from behind the arc and the Lakers back up to. Yannis with a step through another and one, banged it in. Going right into the chest of Jackson Hayes. Yannis power move, not the first spot. Got the second. Just relentless on the offensive glass. Breeze, that left reddish wide open on the wing. Yannis, good pass to the corner. Beasley on the spot. And Beasley is three or four from three. Breeze trying to answer. Ducks. Swishing home a three is second triple. Yannis looking to go at a D gets past him. Good deep bits of Davis Portis. Three point try by Lillard. Dane from D. Lillard's first three after missing his opening five attempts. Top shot, it falls and won. Off one put back to back buckets for Lillard. Lillard flows right by Dinnwitty and gets the layup Lillard heating up here in the second. In transition, Hatchimora drives and finishes nicely done. Another good pass to by Russell. Five assists for Russell. Yannis attacking immediately. 16 now for a Dettakumbo. Russell getting really rating the defense well. Whether as a passer or as a shooter. Breeze with the basket and the five. Another assists for Russell. Lillard pulling the trigger and it's good for three. Russell working the two man game with Davis beautifully. Lillard stepped back good on the three. Up to 16 points now tying Yannis for the most on Milwaukee. Here's Davis from Mid-Rain. Good, Davis's four-team shot attempt. And he's got 16 points. Another three this time by Beasley. The Bucks only took five free throws in that first half. Oh, Russell looking at Anthony Davis the entire time. And the last second looks to the rim and lays it in. All free recovery by Lopez. One of the elite shot blockers in the league. Shot block at five. Yannis for three. Good. A Dettakumbo's first three pointer of the game. And 33rd of the year. Davis from about 18. 18 now with 18 points. Russell from Davis. Got it to fall on a time off by Doc Rivers. Four minutes gone by here in the third. Lakers by five. Lillard breaks it up. But it pinballs to Davis' scores. Davis now 20 points on the night. Dump down to Hachimora. Spinning past Lillard. Lakers with their largest lead of the night at night. Lopez attacking. Davis comes over to block it. Davis fifth in the league in blocks. And he sends it right back at Yannis. And it's a shot clock violation. Lakers intent in the Westby. Neat these wins as Yannis gets the flush. Dane the die. Yannis going to work. He's got 23 now. And he's doing it with a lot of physicality. Lillard floater around and down after several bounces. He's played in more games now. They did all of last year in that intrigue play season. His final year at the Blazers. Reaves with the hit. Run the free throw line. Rebound number nine for Yannis. Pulls up. And scores on the jump shot. Prince just made one little bit earlier. Prince to the role. Pretorian Prince. As Pat Conninson finds up a three and switches it through out of the timeout. A walkie back within three with two minutes to go here in the third. Yannis taking it downhill. And a blocking foul with a count of basket. It was blocked by Hayes. Now they do count the basket. Five seconds left. Turn in three. Russell go. The end of the wrestle with his fifth three ball. Yannis hasn't put the way by Reaves and re-stores. What a tenth of a second to go. Game five of a six game home stand for the Leakers. As the two is good for Damian Lillard. They do not lead the state of California until March 26th when they travel the Milwaukee. Hortis with the slam. The walkie back within three. And Damian Lillard dictated that play the entire possession. And the three from Russell. He is six of seven from behind the arc. Hortis little push-off from fifteen gets Milwaukee within a point. Acha more frees up. Russell on the screen. Let's apply again. Another three. Russell seven from Dave. Lillard passed in, witty. Hanks. Oh, what a gorgeous move. By Damian Lillard to tie it up at 103. 24 points. Ten assists for Lillard. Russell. Slices it home from 12 feet. Davis gives it up immediately. Now a step back frame. Go. It brings for the ends of our Russell. Time out the walkie. Lopez rattles down a three. And the Lakers back within two. Downhill, Acha more. And then in midair by Yanis. With the rejection. Yanis with the jumper gives Milwaukee to lead. 32 points for Yanis. And it's the first puck lead since early in the second quarter. Russell with the floater. That's 36 now for the Angelo Russell. Yanis, Connitton. Good luck. And he pays it off, swishing home at three. Yanis gives it up to Lillard turn and fire. He's fouled and it's gone. A three by Dave. And a chance at a four point play. Graves driving into traffic. Acha more. It's a great look. And he throws a grab. Yanis driving underneath. Connitton, reverse lay. I'm good. Another three. Fine from Adedicumbo. Davis. Russell. That's nine plays for Russell. Lillard caught in the air. Fines Yanis. He backs it in. Here's Russell with 39 points. Drives the lane. Puts it up and in. Count the basket and the foul. A three point number 20 for Russell. Lillard puts it on the deck. Pass Ad. Puts it up. No. Rebound makers. Russell gets past Lillard with seven floater. Good. Russell gets the lakers at one point. Lillard puts five point nine revenge. Lillard steps back. Plot by Gettinwin. Loose ball. Game over. Thank you. Thank you.