 You ready? You game? I'm game. The year looking for their 20th home victory of the season. We'll keep you Charlotte Hornets here, Osley. With the rest of it here. Vince Williams, the second year at a BCU, Luke Chanard. Let's the way Monday, Oppen Brooklyn, in that Grizzlies victory. Especially with so many guys out. We'll get to that in a little bit. Paul Reed left a little off the right. Paul Reed makes the Christmas pay. No for his defensive prowess, but again, get to go in on the offensive. That is the John Comchar. So he did not help the six-year cause. Williams over to Aldama. So the Grizzlies. Off to a good start. You feed your confidence as a team. I asked to pull up three rims off the battle underneath by both Bucu and Reed. And Paul Reed lost it out to Payton and Payton lost it out to Payton. But for him to come back, get himself elected and then be a contributor to the game says a lot about campaign. Just Cunard. That's a Williams. A little bit of a low pass, but wow. Doesn't matter. And it comes to Williams. That used just too easy. It's been four years of BCU. A Jackson shoot the track. Although Jackson is capable, didn't look it there. Yeah. And that's the biosar. Speaking of capable, drilling the three. Time he was perfect as the ball bounced off the back court in rib and laid right up to a good elevation in timing. He's defense by KJ. 36 different starting lineups that Taylor has had to roll out this season. And he said he feels Nick nurses paying as of late as GG. That's the start of the perfect three for three from three. That's one for their last seven. They've pulled a bit. Again, pretty good difference from KJ. But with the sixers just a few days ago. Couraging as a young guy to see that first shot go in. And Williams draws the context and hits the bucket. So Vince Williams with the chance. He's getting a decent hand up on that Kelly tip. This Jackson was questionable coming into the team because about right quad. Also dealing with some left to kill. Where Jackson wins the tip. Two minutes and not too late by just damn junior buddy picking it up and wants to push. Ubra asking for it and buddy delivers. It was behind the back. The dish still Arabia for the long three. And Jacob Arabia tickles the twine. The sixers and that's what they need. And he's going to have to do this. And then the two of them, who's the best man, who hurts off the mark on his three but the way the under knee and the painted area. Getting the offense of rebound for the putt. This is John Bonsha. Ungranted into your player. The best state product. Turn around on the baseline. After the extra possession for Memphis. So Marce Stevens. And then he's traveled. He heard a number of members of the sixers bench yelling for that travel. John Char to Williams. Fakes the pass and then tries to get it out to him and buddy reddit. Putt race. Buddy he'll slice it up in it. Buddy. He went off that handle. Look at that score for Buddy he'll. Leaves it up there. He'll. He'll lead defenders to sleep as he dribbles towards the top. He'll pull offensive rebound. Four crazlies around him. And it doesn't matter. Reel is it up in. A play with one another feels good and it's productive as well. It's in junior from downtown. Tom and Mount Memphis. I'll fire you. Tom and No will read. Had it and then landed on top of it. Somehow gets it back. Great work by Paul Reed. Now Paul with it on the baseline. People doing it all for the sixer. Dama. The Williams. Damson. Nicely done. What is Jeff Hath for us here? And Jeff, Jeff and Junior throws it down. Jackson playing him for the drive almost daring Paul to shoot that pause and I've made it to you. And Dama hits the three and draws the foul. This was a just getting a head up. It was one of our keys. Just can't test. Ooh right. Step back. Kelly. Kelly, you bring Junior. 30 bench points and counting for the sixers. And got him. Kelly, you bring Junior. Yes he does. Just off the mark there. But another opportunity. But you have a stiffed out to him. Side step. A half for Belt looking. Same alcohol. And he starts loaded 9 days. And enter into that machine. David? Babies don't want to be like first time in their life. And a pikness ball. And And then that's got going so don't let the Grizzlies start getting back into it All read But turn and Jared even quicker all the floor week. It's it back campaign squares fires I want as many of those Jackson junior and lefty is true from that left wing Jackson junior again tying career highs and points of assist in the first half Dishy Ubray wide open I'm gonna put through the roll of XC who else is available Ubray down the right side of the lane Kelly lays it open in 19 Sixers looking for win number 36 on the season Jackson junior no Laravia another offensive rebound Jeff one of five sixers and double figures Kelly They lost the game all alike they did last night in Brooklyn. It's turned into a losing three so I love to see them nip that in the butt here tonight Jackson junior the quick lefty hook shot in the lane position and then touch the ball got both feet in Seven rebounds five assists make it 23 after the lefty slam for Jared Jackson junior Adam Shadowed by Ubray Steps to the sign and the righty hook is good for Sancia, Adam It's a great opportunity to find solutions as a coach to teach a bunch of different guys your system Jeannie guys Jackson the step back three guys like we're seeing tonight Jeff campaigning in a whole lot more minutes than probably would if guy lowering time he's back to help Tonight GG Jackson Annery this has been a really fun back of the watch tonight Ubray coming over to help Swing out drama for three William Stiff by heels a foot race Niko gets it into him buddy Tobias there the Tiffany He goes one of the better post passers to just kind of threw it where the defense can get it Our makes the three drives to the cup a three point game Buddy tross over her buddy switched to the left hand. Well, Arabia saved it for two and don't sit Right Really Open in and gets the foul lane with five pounds as well This outscore the sixers 24 11 in his fourth quarter Got the shot get a bucket With all movement pain stepping to his rights Short on the three gets the rebound puts it back up in it nicely done by campaign Build ahead the Harris to buddy buddy for three It's the first pushes the Grizzlies lead to three Grizz is smart to get it into a guy like Tardas hands because he can make three throws And he makes it a four point game here filling Some dribbles gets a shot on That will do it. Oh, but two gets it back and air balls it that will do it You