 You ready? You game? I'm game. Ramon Obio sensational last night, 12 of his 24 points in action. Fourth quarter or two days ago, it should say beautiful set up there. As Obio catches it finishes. Mind you of Tim Duncan, no expressions. His days locked in. Beautiful, if he's strongest. That's what I love, Murray been able to grab the rebound, started to break. Early transition, I love his pace, his balance, his shot preparation is unbelievable. His fundamentals are behind you. He hit three-three's last night against the Clippers, and he is picked up right where he left off. Martin Obhi, Prada Bio. And then nearly beat the Golden State Warriors who were playing a full strength. Offensive rebound out of the ball. Steadings powers and puts it down with two. And then Bob Obio, the ball, and he looked at Kevin Hurley and said, Okay, barbecue chicken. The Eric Fox, Mr. First 2. Offensive rebound Murray and reset. So bonus, he's been on an incredible tear. That's beautiful right there. That's those type of plays set to tall for your team. Obhi, Obio, look how good he is with his feet, Spitty. The spin and the finish. So Davey on Mitchell. As we come up on the five minute mark left before the end of the first. This is Haywood Highsmith, corner pocket three. And again, his heat team. And again, his heat team is just something about Miami when they are shorthanded. And then the rally, the troops. Keegan Murray. Pretty step back. Really, expended his game, being able to facilitate and find guys for open shots. Hay Smith, what they've left him open. And he bangs in another three. He's gotten off three, three. He's got to the final three minutes before the end of the first quarter. Bam, Obio, taking on trade. Lyles puts it down. And he's heading to the free throw line. Lyles into the paint, kicks out to Monk. Outside, this is Murray left open. And he hits again. Red hot start for Murray. Was there facing up the top schedule over the last couple of months of the season? This is Hawkeyes into the paint steps and hits a fade. Spitty's got so much to his game, does it he? Short-handed, no Jimmy Butler. If you've just joined us, this is one game lead band-aid. It's suspension tonight for his role in that altercation. In New Orleans the other night. There's Foxy at the early bucket to begin to corner any builds on his pointovers. And the Kings have done an excellent job of keeping him off the free throw line. And some of that driving work. Monk beats everyone down the floor. And obviously, I've some skills like his dad, but what I love about him right now is, he looks more confident than he was in a playoffs last year. But he's ready to take that next step in the postseason. He is a blur. Pretty little floater. Icemanfer's going to reset to Martin. Fight's his way into the paint to Arte to steal. And then four. Nine points. Robinson to love. Good close by, Subonus. Love going to fire. And he sticks it again. So, Kevin Love has scored the last nine for the heat. Subonus puts it on the deck. Double-team out to Murray. Open three. Get it. Damn it. This is Mitchell impacting the game. Spinning just because you alluded to. Heard her. That's good. And I don't know if a lot of youngsters play 21 anymore. And I loved it because 21 makes you understand how to play in a crowd. How to play against this different guys. And work on your skillset. And you can see a lot of people in the game. They are the key in the game. So, you can see that the game is going to be a lot of fun. And then the game is going to be a lot of fun. And so, Keila Martin, Serkey shot on the roof. So, seven point King's lead. This is Duncan Robinson into the paint boy. Beautiful pass underneath to the rolling out of bio. Yeah, that's just the bonus. Here's a bond. So, the good job of playing up. And then the ball. As we are inside of two minutes. Right curls into the paint, kicks the high Smith quarter three. High Smith versus the 11 from the King's bench. Impressive with so many people out. And the Miami Heat. On a bio inside to Haguez. And this patchwork heat lineup tonight. The reporter from Keila Martin won't go. This is Keegan Murray. And his match shooting night continues. Out of bio, what a matchup against the Goddess. Good heat ball movement. This is right. Hicks to Haguez quarter three. Splash. Smithy playing tournament. All the way to the NBA finals incredible. Haguez boy to spin and hits the fade. My goodness. Long shot from Fox won't go. And suddenly, they heat playing with a six point lead. And here's a lot of coaches. He understands how to get the most out of guys. You know, I would say seven through 15. And Miami has taken its biggest lead of the night. Look at the heat run. Mitchell to the racquet laziness. Two twenty one left in the corner. Mitchell hits the deck. Love the spin banks it down. And he's headed to the three. And you can see right now they're trying to get it to Keegan. Here comes Haguez up with a tough floater. Somehow gets it to drop. Sacramento. He's out of fouls. Here comes Haguez to the cup. And he lays it in again. They are picking them apart. As we play early stages fourth quarter. Haguez against the Whartale. Look at the footwork by this young man. Take it into the school yard. Hurner from deep. Not a good shot. I think right now, Sacramento Kings. Both the Aaron Fox. Interesting now right now to Miami. He back to man to man. He got out of that zone. Hurner. Red velvet getting high. Trying to jumpstart this Kings team across the floor. Murray. Fox looking for some daylight. Murray on a launch. He's got D here down the stretch. Robinson rolls. Turn back. Fox. Here comes the bonus. Kicks to Murray. He's at the high end. By the way, the bonus has just. Post. It is 21st triple double of the season. Fox and mages. Looking for Fox now making it happen with his defense. I'm here to the field. Hurner. He lays it in. Four-point game. Go through your all stars. Bam puts it on the death and sticks it. Over the top of suburb. Fox into the paint. Bating away. Martin forces a tough shot. Fox just too good. Hunches working on the baseline. Bam can squeeze it. Fox, I'm a run. Two-point game. As they place, Fox, you got to hand in the back. Two point game. As they place, dearly under man tonight, Hake is into the paint. Bakes, fades, splash. What a shot by the rookie. Miami-China won some clock here. Hake is against the bonus. The rookie's not backing down from the all-star, Leeds open hits. Great defense by Keegan Murray. Murray is still on the finish. 80 seconds left on a bio. He sticks it. That is an all-star shot. Right guarded by Fox. Bam quickly doubled. Right. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. With a sludge hammer. Considering what he does for this team, made in and made out, they'll get Butler back.