 You ready? You game? I'm game. I'm able to tie. Big thing, Doc's hand is higher from all of the hands shaking in the building. It's two of those two steps without somebody. Four and seven since Rivers took over. And the possession for Phil Lee to start. Here's Lillard on the attack. It's the reverse. Obviously Milwaukee made a change because they weren't happy with the record. But it's not because they've been banked up a little Christmas and it's still out the seven straight D. He's busy. He's not going to be back for a couple weeks. Early on, not allowing the game to come to. Read? I'm able to get that one over Lopez. Tough shot. I like what Doc is not with. Dick Nurse wanted. Lillard down hill with a kick out. The three from Beasley. That's two triples for him already. Well, you know, Lillard and Beasley have all 13 former Milwaukee. Who? Max, who? To his left off the dribble. You'll be such an excellent three point two. If you have patience, you're going to get a wide open shot here in the circle of gold. Maxie. Behind the back to Reed. The launch it. That's good. Now you're saying, well, why is this center taking so many shots? Man, Reed really working hard. Yannis. That is great. Get to the red. His first points. Now, Yannis is number one in foul shot of 10, says 11 plus. The only shoots at at 65. He missed, but he kept it alive for Lillard. He scores again. That's nine first quarter points. That's the two. He took over was being better in the half court offensively and you definitely have seen that tonight as Lillard's right on cue fires underneath her unopened connotation for the basket. The two gets back, and I get Beverly inside a minute to go. Nice dump down to Bobby Portis for the basket. One win was Friday against the Cavs. Shot clocked down in nine. All in R E driving underneath the Portis. That's 10 first quarter assists for Milwaukee. Three by Lowry ends a stretch of eight straight misses for the sixers from behind the yard. Well, you've got to give him a lot of credit because they're getting open shots. Now, they're four for 15 in the three in that three point shooting. Melton will try it. And hit it. And Reed Melton with a three ball. He was talking to you as he walked right by here. After he made that shot, Maxie to the basket. Janice using a con it's in stream behind the back pass. Nice. Kept off Maxie. Ahead to heal. Pretty easy too. And he brings an edge to this team, but off the court. He is a gentleman. Eleven straight points for Philly. Beverly ends it though. The former sixer. When you're on the break like that in the open floor, you can't leave your break unless you know there's something wide open. Victor's in their melton's correcting traffic. He saw the three head miss. Here it is. Aaron gets it to basket and scores. Janice 7.6 rebounds three assists. Gives it up. Pornous will try it and hit it. Another three. Remember he said now. This young guy, he can do it. Ubra launches. Can't connect. There's Reed with his six rebounds. Maxie stepped back. Good on the three. He's got the four rebounds. And he came up huge in the second round versus the Hawks that year. He said that moment is a moment he won't forget. And he says he expects to make some jokes and laugh a little when he sees Doc. But close and importantly he wants to beat him and the buckstead. Drives down the middle of the lane. Got tied up and Reed took it away. Ubra is missed two dunks. Won't miss that one. It's Philly back within 10 with 3.45 to go here in the first half. By the end of March. His team is down 13 Milwaukee. Trailed by as many as 16. Maxie's Florida is down. 14 points for him. In this first half. First year in Milwaukee after 11 in Portland. Here he is around the screen from Lopez drills. His third three pointer. One and out anytime that they miss those mid-range. And then it's Christmas and three. Yanis getting downhill against Reed. Lefty lay up as good. He dropped that shoulder. Drives through the lane here. Tried to leave it for Lopez. Traudder was able to save it from being a turnover. Now a lot to Yanis. And he drops it through. Look, he had a number of chances there. Here's Maxie. About a second difference in the game in Shotclox. Healed for three. No good. Maxie rebounded just pinball to Harris and he put it home. He's going to take to the floor past the Lopez. In Lopez does it all with a tenth of a second left. What a great throw by Yanis. The length of the court. Most in a half. Sitz Doc Rivers took over 12 games ago. The box also at 20 assists. They turn it over though here to start the second half. Here's Reed in transition. It's the basket. Here's Maxie. 14 points. Reed had 11 and seven rebounds. And scores again here driving at Lopez. They didn't get that any time. They've got a start to throw some dominance on the road. He's the wolves on Friday who have the best record in the West. Maxie driving it all by five. He talked about how good he is shooting when he's moving left. He's... They'll give them that. They'll give them the trees. Name it because they're struggling in the street by shooting. Just five points for Healed. Great pass by Lillard. Lillard is on his scores on the drive. Year 16 for Nicholas Batum. He was part of the hardened trade. As Yanis almost turned it over. But somehow got it to Beasley who pays it off. Swishing home the three. Three and a half gone by in the third. Lillard into the lane. Lobs it for Yanis beautifully done. And a foul three point chance for a dead akumbo. And if that's on Reed, that's number five. Josh Block at six. Here's Batum. Ubrae puts it on the deck out to the tomb. Just made one a moment ago. Two in a row now four. Good to end their rotation. Nice move. Yanis has it stripped. Ubrae didn't give up on the play. He got to get something here now. He'll goes underneath the basket. Finds Ubrae for the slam. Yeah, saying never give up on the play. There's Lillard hasn't even taken a shot yet here in the quarter. Beasley got rid of Melton and rips the net on a triple. Lillard leading the lead in free throw. Melton in the lane. Able hit from about 14 feet. Two 50 in the 11 years. Change to the body. But he has not lost the purpose. That's right. Yanis has it knocked away. Ubrae got the steal and will get the dunk. And it's time off. No walking. Once he leaves his feet. He's up on. Fortis looking for his first point to the half. And at the two point basket. Lillard drives and kicks to Melton. He puts it on the floor. Ubrae sizes it up. It's good on the three. Maybe this small unit that they have out there right now. Fortis stretch here for Philly down board team. Just outside a minute to go. Maxi for three. That's right. Trees Maxi now with 20. And here comes Philly back within 11 after trailing by 23. Maybe that would have been by going small here. It's really helped them a lot. Lillard beautifully done. Lillard with his first field goal of the second half. Neither team has made a field goal here to start the fourth quarter. Maxi misses on the step back. Ubrae offensive rebounds spotted by Lopez. Shot clock at eight. Maxi drives. Got it. There you go. There you go. In transition. Yannis gives it up. Yannis gets it back to him. Count it in one. What a finish. Yannis will go to the line to try to complete the three. This is a nice road trip. They're going to pick up two wins on this trip. Let's see what happens. And they get back to 500. The three goes for Beasley. That would get them to 14 and 14 on the road. Beasley with a 20 point game. Lillard from the logo. Go. Boy. Just drills it. Time out. Philadelphia. Yannis is brother. Anasus getting the basket. You got Orlando, Indiana, and Miami all with 25 losses. So the six are starting with that play in line. Got a trap again. Milwaukee. The two are going to be in the lead. They're going to be in the lead. They're going to be in the lead. Got a trap again. Milwaukee will go to 37-21. You don't know what they are until you get there. And then you take everything into a PLE based. But the big thing is that you must be accountable. Hosting Denver. They met in the conference finals last year. You can see the Lakers up next on ABC. In Phoenix to face the suns. Milwaukee. You