 Here's a tentacle. Dame pulls a deep three and that's what Dame does. Here's Yannis out front being guarded by Caruso. Dame another deep pull. Remix. Hey, if you're going to switch the little toss back, you got to get out there. Dame's hit two in a row. Ocho bitch on the short roll rolls one home. But Vousovitch certainly knows how to find that pocket. Lopez no hesitation and Milwaukee already with three three pointers to start this game. Yannis going to walk down and spin, says it with his chest. And the box late by five. Margarose and coming off a big night. A couple of nights ago in that overtime win, hit some key buckets to send it into the second overtime. Vousovitch fouled out instead over time game. Who's been a top five defense in the last several games. Great kick up by Yannis to Lopez. And Lopez drains his second three ball. It's a seven point lead. Stephanie the bull's going with their big look right here with Vousovitch and Drummond. As white connects from downtown. And I like the big lineup. And the bulls have cut the Milwaukee lead to two. Yannis made two three pointers against Charlotte. And he's in a nice little rhythm right now. Willowdow top. It's Yannis on the short roll. There's that pick and roll game that a lot of people have been calling for more of. Ocho bitch with a mismatch has beastly on him. He comes right to disoomal. Drummond tips it in. Man, he's shown great activity. Conniton. It's Bobby Portis who also came into the ball game. And he doesn't need much of a sweat. Team with the ball recently had his 10-day party contract converted into a full contract. And Portis with some room service at the other end. The former bull with the slam. And he's got a little oomph to him. So regardless of the added production, Doc River says we needed that identity. He's Caruso, guardify, it's in a cumpo. Back out to Caruso for three. And he catches out. And he's got a little bit of a hit. And he's got a little bit of a hit. And he's got a little bit of a hit. Yeah. And you can see again, eldin body's not allowing him to get in the ISO situations and gets to a spots. And the sawdmeow a much improved 3 points shooter this year at 401 percent. off to Beverly. Bucks down the run. Yannis sniping through the lane for the Lucky Lane. He's got 15 to page number 1 on this gathering point. Yeah, I mean what copy White has done this year in terms of his improvement, his usage rate is off the charts. His minutes are off the charts. He's going from third or fourth on the scouting report. Grotto reverses one more to the corner. Beverly drives it inside to Yannis. And he punches it home. A tenacumpo, indomitable and unstoppable here in this first half. Good find by the bulls white. So Caruso inside. Vouchavitch with good position on the block. Got it. The glaring black eye for this team, right? Offensively it's going to come. It's Dame Lillard continuing to get comfortable. It's getting bodies back. Getting some consistency and some camaraderie. Understanding where shots are going to come from. The sumo on Lillard with seven on the shot clock. Little flat ball screened by Crowder. Springs Dame loose for the layup. He's got ten. Yannis rejects the screen. Got downhill and lays it home. I mean you just can't do anything about that. Here's Beasley open and laces the three. But look Beasley. If you find the open spot, the ball will find you. Vouchavitch stops on a dime and lays it in. Nice little jump hook. He's been getting to a spot. He's been taking his postups. But point lead Lillard lays it up. Lobs it up for a tentacle pole. There's something he calls a Vouchavitch. Yes. Crowder releases the three in time and it falls. So they got the shot and they looked they wanted from Crowder. Here's Vouchavitch. The Rosen speaking of slumping shooting. Good start for him and the third quarter. They ran that one. Absolutely. And Billy Donovan knows he's got to get to mark the Rosen going. And here comes Caruso down by 12. Pulls a quick three ball. Got it. And five quick points begin the quarter. Crowder on the Rosen. Great pocket pass to Vouchavitch for the layup. And lowland around the Lopez screen. A little pick and pop action. Lopez made his first two to start the game and there's another one. Using each other making the extra pass. Easily on the baseline. Yannis great ball movement Stephanie. No defense for that. To get to the rim. The Rosen little paint touch. Thanks to Lopez and got the scoop shot to go. DeMar de Rosen with six in the game. And that's exactly what this team had been missing. Somebody who was vocal in communicating at all times like a coach on the floor. Well he cast him up for the layup right there. It works Stephanie. They empty out the side for Yannis to work against Drummond. Yannis playing with his food takes the midi. Cash if he starts making that with consistency it's over. Yannis will walk it across under six minutes to go here the third. Milwaukee in control. In rhythm Yannis. Laced is the three ball. Damn really sitting down in a stance there did a nice job. DeRosen with the footwork. He's up to eight on a rather quiet night for the Bulls leading score. Lillard off the drag got a fantastic look and cashes that one. Got some lift on that one and the bucks right now. Their pace is a little slower. Doc said he's not worried about that. He likes their pace in the half court. DeRosen starting to feel it a little bit. Those are great looks for them. They're great looks and you got Brook Lopez that's popping so if you drag out the team. Oh Yannis standing on business with a punch on the baseline. Lopez flipped the angle of the ball screen that time a little pick and pop. Yannis with the offensive rebound and some room service. Under three minutes to go into third DeRosen. Great contest and a better shot. Got blocked by Beverly. Clearly. The team for three knocks it home. Russo on the crossover. The team for three cash. Butter. To not allow Yannis to get to where he wants to go. He's got to use his body. Green from deep. A tone for the Miss free throw. Yannis against Taylor now who's in the ball game. Conniton launches. Right to Beverly. Great ball pick and the floater. And I think that's the hope is that he's going to be back soon and you can you know have have a few games to really get him back into to rhythm. It's Pat Beverly knocks down the three but it is tough. Can't do without a ball off the road. No, I cannot do it. Out to the corner. Beverly made the last three. It's nothing but nylon. He roaks another one. Right. You're in a position to make a run. You're making a run. You lose composure. But part of that's the mental game. Right. The mental game that that guy right there. But you know, there's a certain edge. It's there. There takes. To have championship mindset. There's Lillard off the drag for set by Yannis. Lillard raises up. Tipped out to the corner. Beasley right back to Yannis inside. Room service. Turkish lead. Good basketball to lay around the world. Hey, Turkish lead has great women's lead as well. That's going to be a golden. About 94 miles north of here up the shore of Lake Michigan and head back to Milwaukee.