 I'll give another one. You ready? You game? I'm game. My bad moves are tough. I'm going to go for it. I'm going to go for it. So Jason Cole Bowl, your referee, and his eighth season and your umpire Derek Collins in his 23rd season. It will be Jason Williams. He will toss it up. And the tip, a little bit of volleyball battered it around and goes into the hands here of Harris. So Philly will be the one to set up first. Their four and six coming into in the last 10 games. You mentioned they failed to crack 80 points and back the back games. 10 and 21 without Joel LNB. And out with a meniscus injury. But wing games without MP here right now. Yeah, Nick Narciss. He's talked about that with this group. He's saying that he loves their fight. He even knows that some ugly games broke. I'm saying so. Yannis facing that double team splits the difference. He got that link. Brooke works it around. Pat Bez will step a step before he shot that one time. And six in consecutive sequence here. Yannis stepping through. Looks it off its days. Time. Day time. But it's time for things. Lake shoot around the day. I think Doc just feeling one. It's going to take to get these guys ready when the lights are on. Just seemed like they started ready so far. I'll read out. Wow. A high-arking shot. He's got a little red hot fist. With 70 people. Except for the first quarter. I take it in two points territory. And the sixers to he told me that's something that you almost take for granted when you do have an offense as elite as ours. People will admit when a team wins for coach against the team nice hands by Bobby. And if he's Pat Gata said, I'm running Pat for the million. And we're tied at 19. He's scrapped it up in there. I like it. He's showing. He's got some toughness. He's moving those feet. Look, Lopez lays it in. 21 to 19 advantage. Brooks got eight points. He talked to all the Philadelphia people. They have, you know, a positive outlook for his return whether it's for the regular season of the day. So they need to tell it about the pocket for day. After after the game, this second little Doc talked about a little bit of that. All the same to the opponent. How do we use them? Where do we get the touches? And the answer was down in the paint sometimes. This match. Buddy Hield, what are the new products here for Philly? We'll take it off from the sideline. More seconds here to shoot. More seconds left in the corner. Nancy at speed. Hems good body control. Tonight he's got the one dunk. Hasn't scored for a sense. Oh, wow, challenged by Reed. And Yannis goes hard to the floor. Let him play on. The sixers on the porch. We play. Rattles it around and home for a bucket. Good for time constraints. Don't ask a one handed hammer. You know that won't last long though for A.J. Another turn open. Reed grips it away. That Bobby from behind now launches the three pointer. Paul Reed, growing on those hands like he's hard. Good job, Yannis. Just knowing what can't be blocked over. Nice determined. So now gets the pass out of Pat Comets and locks. The Paz at Pat looks it off to Bobby. That jump hook is good. But this is like you said right from the start. Who they are. They just flexes. They're always in the passing lane. It's on the pitch. Has a plane. A campaign. Former Milwaukee buck getting traded for Pat Beck. Trying to figure out ways to win without you. I will be the 35 points without the rating. FB. A campaign. This is what we were worried about. Is it guy like that to your point? Getting hot a little bit. You just know coming up again. He was over three. He's going to shoot a better plus. There's a different energy at Brooklyn. Right there. That's half off the A.J. Not sit down. So makes Yannis. I think just so special in the superstar conversation is every night, every possession. Those are things you need them to do. Wow. Pain has got the last 11 points for Philly. So right in this rotation. James puts a defense time for blowpays. John's right side for another two. And Brooks got 10 points here in the first. Brook, by the way, is the first to double pick. Is Yannis's check back in with this group? Yannis puts the game a beautiful pass and the two connects. Good job. By calling the others out there looking for Yannis. Facilitating makes the strongest touches. And the three pointer for Matthew. Brook, I'm going to take credit. Much needed three pointer. The Yannis leg for two. That's the post-indistance. It's a time for Patun on the fade away. What Coach Oppenheim has just described was Yannis taking a few extra dribbles and plot to take his time and throw, but ends up on the baseline of 1000. They end up scoring on the way down. Brooklyn plays where he's at. I'm now 13 points here in the game. And then Yannis. Axi, snake in the screen and drills another three pointer. He's fired up tonight. There's only this one, three, five of six accuracy. 21 points. 64 of now, the 67, including tonight. He has made good D right there by Dan. And then he picks it off off to the races. Dan lays it in with the left hand. The Zoolos defending each other. David Maxi, Yannis to Brooklyn. Call it a shot. Corner base. I do think that the best players it does become a disadvantage in some ways because they're so strong or so good at something. Other times they're so good at making it look like a follow-up. It gets the pass. Patun, bring some to three pointers. Obviously Milwaukee's taking a lot of things away, but can't get all the way to the corner to the two of them. Same with the headbub right now in that last position. And Pat's see right now. He sees right away. Fox and Trump has many of his 12 points. Maxi, Zid high off the glass. And that was kind of shot. That's why he's in all-star this year. Shotgun still in play. Creatured over Zech in this corner. Yannis. Sweet move. Oh, Salon to the hoop for Yannis off to the couple. I do just tend to think if you are going to allow these teams to play Yannis, goodness or Maxi. I'm just going to say Yannis is the guy who's in a benefit. Final few seconds of the corner. As Yannis has turned, Dr. Rath the PC, PC Puzzle. The reverse falls for PC just before the corner clock expires. And it's a three-point deficit. It's been good as we mentioned the last six. He's at nine. Those don't single digits here tonight. And we're the runner of those. And James F. O'Tea. Two small hosts of them. He was making a right. I would hope. I'm going to play salt. Salon to do his run and bat. David and we're the runner. Back to bat now. And these are his foot. Under shoot. Here's Bobby. Spings right towards the baseline. It drills in. He's the ball with a quickly to buddy heel to cut the lead to one. I allow these guys who does a lot of things to at 37. He's on this team so she can shoot it. James with the defense. They're working around. Here's AJ Green. There goes AJ Green. You don't want to shoot and who you're going to allow to shoot and working for the bucks on that one. Bobby is here. Hold and staying close. Yannis crossed over one side. He gets it to go. The bucks cannot make those mistakes now. They've got to execute his good shots. Take care of the ball. Yannis spins away from traffic. 23 points here for Yannis. Harris gives it up. Spampa, fill his in trouble. And one second here to shoot. Harris. Just the just running out for another big shot. I love it to give him this time. This one quarter time to AJ and the put back slam from Obama. Start again. They're going to be a little bit of a fear for the whole season. How about AJ turning the ring back to you? That's defensive stance, but it's Harris now. Who is the mid-range? No, sorry. Don't challenge that man. Look at the ball. It's going to be walked the wrong. Yannis backed the other way. Count the bucks in. David Yannis broke Lopez, Pat Connotton, AJ Green, in this lineup. James, in the screen, he begs it back. Fourth quarter, 139 left. You know what time it is with that man on the court. You just know there's both to get the ball. Yannis or Danes. You saw Danes decide, this one's mine. I'm favoring him. Would have knocked it down. Harris rattles it in. Game gives it up to Piccolo, Pat. Look at the icing. There's ice on splash mountain tonight. You'll pass this up to let you much time take it off in a turnover. Pat, that has it. The bucks come back from toe down. Hit up the limit, find Sir Form, and knock off the Sixers. 114 teams and 105.