 Well, get number one. You ready. You game, nom game. The unknown very powerful day. how about losing the оноz? Almost totally. This inside takes the contact, flips it up for the first two. That's something that the Bucks has really been sleeping to open up an attack angle. Cody Martin gets turned away. Here is Bairn trying to challenge. And his brook Lopez gets finished on the reverse. So it's confidence. It's always got high, but against this team, really a tough match up for anybody that could put on him. So the lob play into the air for Nick Richards. Now, his bitches catching shoot, fires hits. Any kind of side ball screen they looked at, to down it or to the air. Thank you to Nicole, Calpe Bucket, a free throw coming. Our unchallenged and the finish from Richards, they found it a couple of times. For a couple of times, he poured his asses in good early in the last couple of games. Damn, Bruce's is the 10th or 10th, just like that. Got him on skates with that move. That face-up jumper is just hitting nothing but blind when he releases it. Brook taps it away. Here's Dane. Threats it over and suddenly, beastling with friends at night. And a little mini beast. The workman like an effort that the Bucks are displaying at the deep ends of the floor. Deep triple try for Damian, Lillard, Sixth set. Steve, Brook kind of sagged off the hook. Nice deep, that's very... From behind. Nice deep, with the block. And then lays it off. They're from Miles Bridges with the finish. Nice to see him win that three-point shooting contest. The way he did, last rack, Mr. First Four Balls. Nice. Oh, good ball. Look at the finish with Yannis right down the lane. Cool, with the last couple of games. It's it's the polling call bouncing off a gallery and finding Seth Curry. Not a bad... This young man glad you're playing it and Miller expected trying to work rest of looking for his own. Oh, he found it there. Yeah, he did. Up until about the last 68, we've been below 16 points game before that even in the mid-20s in terms of scoring. Bobby, call this from Curry. We can't count that. But switch happening now against Curry. Dr. Rivers had said that game against Philly was their best switching game defensively. But Charlotte wouldn't... Everything out top. Especially when Big Lowcage is off the floor. Something with that pop-take. Get some self-summer over another duet-point territory. Pat Doug looking forward in and out. The tip is there. Just pursuit it, Pat. Students like the game break fifth shoot straight and great defense for the day. The room last six, we have a half-time score. Pat Doug will get this points at three points territory and Steve Clifford will call the time out. We can get knocking them down. Three and fifteen here for Charlotte from three. J. Crowder gets a look. Bobby pursuing the offensive boards. Give him another to a cutting, J. Crowder. Twenty-six in counting. Is this scoring drop? And it keeps going. And Mr. Jumpers and Mr. Layoffs. J. Crowder for two or a swan, you have to do the signs. Opportunity for breaking quickishers. Get a bucket. Martin ends that drop. Second. Twenty-six seconds. Sorry. Not enough time for the flip. It's open up. It's in twenty-six seconds for a drop. It's Aing Lillard left side. You can see this vaughty defense that was number one. It's time 58 to twenty-six first possession here to the Milwaukee box. These boys and checkers are just ported on another three-pointer. Ten three-pointer here tonight. And double figures here for the Charlotte Hornets. We're talking about, you know, Miles Bridges has had back to back forty-point games this season. Oh, wow. Laplace. It's one of the most spectacular. For Nick Richards, just throw it up at the rim. And breaking up the pass. Getting it right back to the Ruffie. Fred and Lillard. Game fed again. I'm a left side. The Alistair was 17 points. It's gonna be all-time best shop blockers in box history. NBA history gets another. From the Lillard side, step for free. But again, another example is great ball. A really good job of limiting the amount of attempts around the game. And the amount of attempts around the rim over the last couple, which is also. No one pulls up. Brandon Miller. 25 years old. Yeah. Oh, I was doing a podcast. I said Chris, I can't remember the name of that new technology that I found this role here. So it's not for Michael's Christmas. He just keeps getting still. This team is 26 points. Her 100 possessions are better with him on the floor. And you can still ship the end. Dane the Kipper. One of the best, you know, lob throwers to Janus. Dane's a quick learner. There's a spin move. That's a quick call. Oh, my goodness. He had this shut the door. PC off the mark from the corner. Buck's just out. Pussley getting second shot. Serenade basketball. Start break. And I thought that no one was considering some of those outside factors. So. Here's another factor that the factors into what we just said. 11 of 12 is a team for the three for a lot. Deflection. They're averaging about 20 deflections. And the last couple of games, Bobby Portis, another bucket. A 21 point game for Bobby. Under that going into the all start break. And the last couple of games are 20 or more. That's the sign of focus activity. And then also. Yeah, we often about the two. And Rory with the offensive rebound. There goes Pat. Oh, slips it. Now Rory has his bucks. Buck. The first of his career. That is started. Play started. It's a very well. He's got the ball right now. That's a man in the corner. Yeah, chip man's in the corner. And he's with the flush. He's putting back the Chicago on Friday to take on the goals. This is exactly what the box have ordered. The terms of resting people. PC are two to get. The message is playing for the message. It's knocking down corner jumper. I prefer the jumper like that. Like Brandon Miller. He was not missing. He's talking about three. He's talking about eight. And bars on both champ. Andre Jackson. Junior. Eight. Sizing it up. He's two for two. Into six six. Pat. There's six two. And he's just letting the play here in the fourth quarter. Let this clock tick away. Soft touch. The starters. David finished off that. We have an over and shows it. We need some amount of talent that you look at. That would not worry. He has it to score. Bridges from the 103 point line. 14 points. Nothing but headaches. You know, since I've been here as a broadcasting, you just kind of fired us up a way and you don't forget. PC's got a three. He gets his three. About staying in Orlando, you know, with everything happening with COVID, you have certainty of it all. Dessa was the coach that got everyone to stay. That's talked to the entire group. It made them realize why he was. But just, you know, she's. Master bar guy that does put in 24 years as a head coach. And we saw that Milwaukee was calling. Yeah. Her thoughts. So they did it. There's three and seven going into the all-star group. Logo shot. My goodness for Trayman. You know, legally, as physically as you possibly can, but just a physical attitude. Oh, let Pat talk. Oh, one handed champ for Pat Tom. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Yeah. Walked on boats here. Walked on boats there. Well, the glass. So you just wonder kind of what you want team to kind of show up on Thursday, and add to this kind of breakdown. Respect. Some level of pride to kick in, but man. But that's where the box and really kind of play the record. Have played up to opponents with good records. to questionable records. AJ Green. Execution-wise, but more importantly, mentally as a basketball team. Hurtons again, who's had success from that spot. Led by Janice's 24 points. And right behind him with 23, Bobby Alpagento, 21. Your final, 123.