 You ready? You game? I'm game. I'm game. I'm waiting on myself. Wait on me. Wait on me. As you listen to James Capers, one of our three officials tonight. About 18 points in a regular season game. But this is a guy that also sports 60. He is capable of burp Lopez with a deep green. He honest coming back to the way with pace. Couldn't connect with Lillard and here's Edwards. Edwards racing up in the mid range off the mark. Downs following strongly for the bucket. Well Chris bitch knows that that's two fouls on McDaniel. The look cross court Lopez and other three on the way. And that one hits nothing but net. And you're playing against an opponent more times than you used to. So it can take time to get your offensive rhythm. Lopez has his rhythm early. That's three for three from deep already on a heater. That's why he's excited to be here with young players and helping to mold them. Because he believes that they truly have something special. Lopez, four for four, hotter than fish grease, here in the first quarter. Got going to try and walk them down. Put them in the way. Right word for Carl Anthony Towns Jr. Instigator, educator, you seen kind. Nice little deceleration move by Edwards. Towns miss the tip. And one. You know, we've seen him guard multiple different players. We've seen him have to be guarded by multiple different players. Yannis on his four rate of the bucket and one. Here's Tyler Anderson out top. Just go, just go. Read from the got it. Ring it up, not as read. And a cool blow and rush hour traffic. It's an out to Portis who drives the closeout. This low game is pure Bobby Portis. You know, to me, they're offense. You want to have the depth, especially with Chris Middleton being in and out. But to me, where they really need it, we're talking about pickups, his pack connotet that knocks down the three. Yannis touches the paint with the left hand. And a nice finish by Tennikumpo. Or Pat Beb really battling defensively. Morris sprays an out-dalexander walk him. And he rips that one again. Really planted the seats to the championship the following year. Towns fires, got it. This is the first time he's ever had to take it out and allow for somebody else to work. So him finding his rhythm is going to take a little bit more time. Alexander Walker has his rhythm here in the first half. The walk he's still in that zone defense. And that's how they attack it in one. Go bear a pie. Yannis sprints into the ball screen. Dame rejects it. And a good decision in discernment by Dame Lullard. Here's Morris off the screen. Towns. Lobs it over. Go bear. There it is again. For more effort than they were a couple of weeks ago. They're trying to get it right because they understand that the 17 deep hits is not going to get it done. And a round the screen, Lullard with a hezzy, comes off the Yannis who puts it home. Loades it down to two. Edwards with pace into the front court. Goes tween and draw out the foul. Towns. And man at work. Dame out top. There's Yannis from the elbow and a nice dive by Lopez for the easy slam. And a little bit loose. Two on one the other way. Yannis slams it home. Protected the ball from Edwards. And Yannis now with three way with things for a little bit of time to start the season. But Milwaukee's always been there with the wins as the defense that's been alarmed. In the last ten games they have improved. Connolly with the off-hand layoff. They're with on the drive by God inside. And God knows what he's doing. They're with on the drive by God inside. And God it to fall high off glass. I skip pass to the corner to Beasley. But defense pass with they're going to make that key. Speaking of defense, Brooke Lopez coming over with a block. Yannis on the drive. Lacerating the lane. And Milwaukee has taken a one point lead. Instead of extra effort giving up, turn over. But you do a good job. And that D-cell, we talk so much about the D-cellaries. And downtown just to overfour. Edwards with ice back cut. Missed the layup in a follow by Gover. Robert got the rebound. Pass to the Lopez. From his backside, Beasley hits a cutting Yannis. Who stands on business. Around the screen picked up by Anthony Towns. Little given goal sprays it to the corner. Everybody got a touch. Good basketball, Richard. Yannis from deep. Got it. Laces the three ball. Or visit the NBA. Yannis misses fires on the second. But they get another chance. Damed from deep. Laces the three off the spin. And soda coming out of the timeout. Let's see what coach Vince draws up. Read inside, Alexander Walker. With a little room service underneath. Edwards matched up against him to the cone pole. Played with his food out top. And Beasley with great anticipation with the steal. Yannis lays it home. When you're talking about Carl Anthony Towns and Anthony Edwards. That's the defense of the Bucks or Pan currently. In rhythm Beasley. Cards another three. And Target Center. Is definitely silent. With a surge by Milwaukee. Yannis to Portis one more. Beasley lined up the seas. Quickly up court to Montaill more. For the empty quarter two man game with go bear. And he lays it home. Portis. Quick pull came up short. Beverly inside. Says too little on the put back. Okay, Pat. Very very lucky to get this individual. Because he's also he offered what they needed. If they needed more intensity on defense. They needed an agitator. If they needed somebody that's going to you know make sure. Anthony Edwards checked back into the ballgame for Chris Bench during the last whistle. Edwards inside with the left count it. And one the foul against past. He said the ball gets real sticky for us sometimes. And yes we do have guys that can take over games that way too. But we have to be able to walk a really fine line and continue to strive to find that balance. Moving forward. Lola rejects the screen. And lost the handle. Here's Edwards. Ken with a quick pull got it. Gotta get some good offensive possessions. Towns again from the got it. Doc Rivers calls timeout. The name of the quick sit triple drives it in the paint. Out to Lopez retrieves it. Tough turn around three. But a damn dollar with cash. That was cold blooded Edwards at the other end. Raises up over Lopez and scores and he's up to 19 on the meter. Anderson out front. Good defense by Lillidon McDaniels. Towns inside. Cut a body and punched at home. He's got 22. Lopez thought about it now pulls the deep three. A little hesitation might have cost him their Richard. Yeah just a little bit of rhythm obviously. Rudy go bear wasn't going to get all the way out there. There's the rhythm from Anthony Edwards. No hesitation there. And they got two timeout so they have a lot of options. But they got to go quick and they got to get some scores. And off the pin down. Raises up and knocks on the three ball to make it a full point game. Still a two possession contest. Little run and jump trap there. Donuts inside. Crowder got it home. Just in time and a timeout. Several weeks of action as a result but a key part. From Milwaukee's hopes moving forward. Here's go bear up the inbound. Edwards takes another three. Mate the last one to an arrow. Lillidon. Day time. It's damn time. He's got to have your wrist with a simple flick of the wrist. Dame Lillid in his crock body's cooking. They're trying to get it to Edwards. He's made his last two threes. This one comes off and that'll pretty much do it. Lillid with a rebound.