 Now our story moves from Minnesota to Milwaukee where the Clippers face another massive test. Co-wild Leonard and the Clippers look for their 40th win of the year and second straight on the road trip. They'll need to be great tonight against Damien Lillard and the Bucks. Our drives and dishes to George for the catch and shoot three, bucket for the games first bucket. We also see that PG did not have to move far at all. Ball was in the right spot at the right time. Lopez has shot the ball well of late. Now eight of his last 16 from team. Nice little Lopez up a little bit higher. Dame Lillard off the dribble knocks down that two. Lillard just nine of his last 32 from the field. Knocks down his first shot. The runner by Harden is good in the pincings hallelujah after an over 10 effort yesterday. That's that always a character. A traditional pre-point shot from Damien Lillard in knocks it down. That's eight to seven Milwaukee. George knocks it down and the Clippers bring themselves to within two second bucket for Paul George. I head to Terrence Man and he lays it in battling with Lillard in transition. Speaking of the shooters, George uses the screen from Zoo and comes up firing at knocks it down. Got to make sure that the officials do not look at you badly put his hands all over the players when they are facing the basket. That's a foul. We're seeing some shooting here between Paul George and Damien Lillard. What's telling you, you have to find Lillard a little bit earlier because he's going to step up and shoot that as he approaches the three-point line bucket by Coilett. Nice. One of the unsung heroes yesterday in the game was a plus 14 at 13 rebounds in 29 minutes. Damien Lillard is out of Bender here. He puts Milwaukee up by three. Can you see the reverse jump hook that time by Coilett? Harding of the way gets the screen from Types. And the three is good for a hard-and-his-second basket. He's got five. Cross-work pass. Everybody's fingerprints on the ball. This trip down. Harding for three. All a beautiful possession. I thought Pat Beb did a wonderful job on Damien Lillard. Almost a little ironic that they are teammates now. Lillard inside. I think that 20-point barrier will be easily broken Lillard now with 15. Types time before the ballgame. Is there a Doc Rivers play that would be obvious in kind of a joke as Types knocked out of three? And Types had I been thinking about it since last night. I'm going to run one tonight. One-tiling for three. Oh, and is that a welcome sight? It is. Get the ball to Norman Powell and let him beat the buzzer one more time. It's said it'll be both Thailand to try it. Gets it up and puts it in. Five first quarter points for both Thailand. 35-25. Clippers out in front. Pat Beb's knocked down to three. George goes right in. Beb's stumbles, recovers, knocks it down and may have some words for his one-time teammates. Gallow and Powell picks his pocket. It's a power plate for the Clippers. Coffee filling the lane and lays it in. And I mean, your coffee puts the Clippers out in front by nine. George knocks it down. Paul George is on one. He's five for six here in the first half. Strong drive off the window and in. Fortis. That's good. Box five for six here in this second quarter. And again, a lot of energy. It's far out of the time out. It is good. Fortis. He's playing well. Bobby Fortis coming off the bench. The Zara was worried about him and rightfully so. Ten points and ten minutes. Clever pass to Tyson. Oh, a deep floater by Tyson. It is good at a time out by the Bucks. Now the Bucks move the ball around. To an open path. Beverly attacks on his one time teammate James Hart in a whistle in a foul. And Beverly will go to the line for the old fashioned three point play. Hart in the runner. It is good. After going old for ten the yesterday, James Hart is four for seven here in the first half. Norman Powell make us proud. This time he goes for the traditional two handed duck. Beverly all alone for three. And it rattles in the second three from Beverly here. The first corner gets a clean look at the iron. The Liller now with seventeen first half points. Liller right around the zoo and right through the rim. But then there is an exploitation. While the beats is Zubots, the clippers back added. Tarr is in a way making Hart and I head to Leonard and he flushes it in. Hart don't easily get some dance and wrap around the man. When a play by Lopez inside, one of the great shoppluckers in the league. And that will do it. Liller down the lane. Sites stepping Hart and count it in a foul. Hart in the block to zoo and he flushes it down. Clippers on the advantage. George inside misses the layup. Crowder able to jog back. Leonard flicks up a three. Finally the clippers knock one down. It is sixty two fifty clippers with their largest lead. Hart for three. Oh it's good again for James Hart and he now has three threes and sixteen points. And see the back door cut by Lillard. Why sets his feet on loads of three? It's good again. Second three for Leonard and the quarter. He's got thirteen in the game. Zoo makes three. George in the corner rips the chords. Paul George with a third three. He's got eighteen for the clippers who lead seventy one fifty six. Hart and Lopez. Rips the chords himself. Nineteen for Harden. Four threes made. Connitent alone for three. And he gets it right back. Connitent with his second basket. He has eight. Curtis inside leads it in. Bobby Portis off the bench with twelve timeout clippers. Lillard blocked by power. The extreme by Tyson coffee takes advantage and knocks one down in the paint. Seventy six sixty six clippers. Why gets to his spot and knocks down the shot. Co-wired Leonard with fifteen extra pass in the corner to Beasley. And Portis keeps it alive from Milwaukee. Elbow is Tyson the process. No whistle. And the bucket falls. Reporters. It's a ten point game. Bones is open. Drives inside. Rapper out and ties. What a feed by Bones. Beasley for three. That missed his previous eight shots. Brings Milwaukee to within eight. Big finish from Danilo Gallonari. Again. Portis for three. Lillard had a beat on it. Hart gets down here. Oh, count him on a foul. The fourth foul against the Blazers. Harden at the line for the old fashioned three point play. Green, a deep three. Oh, wow. The rookie delivers a big time shot. Harden the deep three. Oh, he put it in. Wow. Lillard. Around zoo. Side steps. George. Counted at a foul. Full core pressure. Ununfired. Can see the wear. A little bit. Parting to the paint. Good person. He's got to be counted on a foul again. 27 for Harden. Great ball, no big pass. Deflected and taken away by Beasley with letter of the beat. Ladies and in. What a huge defense of play by Beasley that time. Portis on George. It's deeper. The paint puts it deep into the well. George, a rhythmic three. Oh, it's gone for George. Scratches the clippers right where they edge 96 to 90. Lillard to retaliate. He does. Beverly for the time. Lillard. George, with the five fouls can't do anything but a token contest. And now Milwaukee leads for the first time since the first quarter. Green, a deep three. Momentum is a real thing. And it is alive here in Milwaukee. 103 96. Don't have a ton of time here. Liner into the paint. Fides fouled in the corner for three. It's good. 105 99. Portis on letter five to shoot. Bobby Gordes is 11 of 17 tonight. And he has 25 off the bench. Portis for three. The clippers go from the most impressive win of the season to perhaps one of the most disappointing losses of the season. It will prove to 9 and 7 under Doc Rivers. It was tough sledding to start. They have found an identity. George with a three. George for three goes 1.2 to play. 113 to 106. That will be the final score. Short handed Milwaukee.