 The Blazers decked out in black with plaid. Camara attacks the rack and laid it up and into Monty going right at Gobert. Because I was talking to Airfranies trainer Phil Beckner and we were talking about how Ant gets open because I was asking them as a cool bit just a two year fans out on a way but off the windows recovered by McDaniels. Here comes Carl F and he towns into the lane Rumplin into Camara and a foul call on to Monty Camara because of Anthony Edwards. The kill Alexander Walker, other guys he was terrific. Out of the corner, raising his Camara for a three. So in business, the towns up the center of the court. Which fakes the three of driving into the lane he had and a sort of drives just like this. Towns, this 53 years ago because of soft tissue damage and the calf, this 40, 50, 53 years ago. There's McDaniels with the rebound and he'll steer it up the court. One on one, the one two with a lengthy wingman out of federal way Washington. The longest tenure pleasure in the 10th or age of 24 assignments. Eight swings it out on the wing. Grant's got to get rid of it. Does. Nothing but net feeding away with McDaniels. And McDaniels who might as well be seven feet. Yep. With his reach. That's what it's like to top rated defense in the NBA. Edwards cross court. This is McDaniels. Down the triple already for McDaniels. Interesting. We'll bring it in balance along the baseline. Overthrows Camara. It's grabbed by Carl Anthony Towns. He comes to chucking up into front court. Loops into the trailer. Conley. Dodgers, darks, finds a trailer. It's Edwards for three. Got it. Now this is a tremendous Minnesota team. They won at the top. 42 games last year. Remember toward the end of the season things started to unravel. Conley knocks down the triple. It had Nas Reed because of injury in the playoffs. But again, it broke his hand because he punched the wall. They had some internal disputes going on. Walker is starting 14 games. Mark got the starting couple of nights ago. Stepping back in. Coming off the bench. Into the lane. McDaniels leads to the cup. And he's able to finger roll one by. Who were your high 62 point game where they said they got immature at the end of the game. So here's an opportunity for them. Number one. Even a west. Thank you Tom. Here's Edwards. She's going for the second time in his young career. Crossing over into the lane. Back on balance with the right hand. Nine assists two turnovers. On Tuesday night against this club. Edwards into the lane. Makes contact scores off the contact. High back won't go over. Eight new reach sky high to protect the rim and grab the rebound. Simon's trailing for three. Got it. Anthony Simon's lines won up and delivers. He knocked the ball out of bounds with town. It was just a great read. And here's a nice cut. Add to the total. Assisting and scoring for tomorrow. And to body knows whenever we can get him an easy look. Let's get it told. Inside out triple drive high back on the run. Rebound this time and checking left and right. Shuffle just the nice and exit to grand for three. Catching in. Looks like he had a layup if he wanted to do it with the same way two body hook him up with a shot. He wanted to get Jeremy. A look. We can't shoot three up and any he can do that all night long. If you get a little glimmer 41% of the year. That's even that isles quite a bit at times and games where they can get stagnant. But pick and roll. Is there primary mode of operation as town beats the blazers off the balance. Up before what a tremendous rookie year come on his head. You have an opportunity to play for the blazers stumbling into the lane. But getting himself off. They took away a drive. They were smuggling. Even as a tough shot. Let's go get handled. We'll bring it outside in low go bear post up position double. The Daniels run off the earth. Nobody home for the sledgehammer. Great outside triggers a three rebound. Camaro reloads and scores and is fouled. Succession and Santa Barbara began with the dog about crashing the offensive last. Coming with numbers. We're like in. Big Daniels. And we're down on top to tell us. Jitterbusters to the face. To the glass. He landed. Not much more to Monica to done on that plate. He had to tag on the roll. He got out. He gave the appropriate closeout that took away the three point shot. He slid with town. Strait. Gotta be coming. Set the floor goes. Conling goes right at. Carl Anthony town. And I'm not sure if it slid it off the town's body. Or it was a pass the bar, but it was effective either way. Here's Edwards. He's been quiet. Spinning inside. Checked by the 6-8. The bar. A fade. A fire. Nothing but that tough shot. 16 issue. And we're just past the timeline. Crossing over into the lane. Powered to the rack to lay it in. They want to step up and meet him high so he can't dictate what happens. On the screen roll. But if you step up and you guess wrong. He's going to the side of the jar. Good contest. Come to up. Oh, man. The town. And Mr. We're 48 percent. There it was. Coming up after the breakers. Right straight to the concrete. Two in damage. Pulled down the team. In the corner with a long toss. Alexander walker. No. Set by Anderson to read slivers in. Spin's it up and in. Three and a half left third quarter. 86 67 count. Off the screen. Long strides. Look at the euro crossing over. And just watching off the left foot. Three bad. This. Scootheaders. Scoot. Out the floor. Centering past the walker. In the corner. Pat shoot. Grant from three out of the corner. Max and down. Shoot's 40 percent from three on three. A little better than five attempts again. That's a good a great year. Strolling in under control. And then the suddenness to the cup. It's Edwards. Got a good attempt at it. After that, he settled in. He made the next one. Now he has a three and here he is with another chance in the middle of the floor. Give a go up the floor and transition for the jam. He's got 31. That one right there. He's capable of making us. Towns goes to one strolls in. For the right hand hammer. Pass a little low, but he gathers it in. And finds boxes. That window of opportunity to give a shot up is really small. If that passes them all point. Anthony Davis Carmelo. Anthony Towns, Anthony Edwards. And Anthony Mason. No disrespect. Anthony Peeler. And my guy in Miami. My first sit down interview. Joel Anthony. That doesn't count. We're not doing Antonio Davis. Not doing Antonio Daniels or Tony Allen. We're just doing Anthony. Greg Anthony, wherever you are. You're left off the list. 44.9 percent this season on corner three. Way up from his previous seasons in Detroit 39 percent last year. We're going to indicate the crowd of shots. Bodgy would get in a recipient of a lot of passes from perimeter players. So for Bodgy to see when to duck in. How to do it. Bonnie Morris, let Morris get accustomed to the way he plays. Morris up the floor comes off with a very strange. It's off his own mid range and knocks it down. He gets some pleasure. His night is done. Anderson in the main outside of Murray. First of three. Got it. Chris Murray with the triple. Reagan's double team kicks him in. I know. Ray's for three. All comes to Murray. And he'll tuck it up and in. Bucky we are to be a part of that. The end line. Here's Morris. The lead back. Morris coming up the floor. The big man rumbles down the floor. Look out. Bant does a nice job to defend without foul. But Morris ends up with a stand still triple splash. That's a real depth. Lasers go to 15 and 39 for the season. And we'll come back after all star against Denver Charlotte Miami. And then those two games we've mentioned. And then we'll come back after all star against Denver. And then we'll come back after all star against Denver. And then we'll come back after all star against Denver. And then we'll come back after all star against Denver. And then we'll come back after all star against Denver. And then we'll come back after all star against Denver. And then we'll come back after all star against Denver. And then we'll come back after all star against Denver. And then we'll come back after all star against Denver. And then we'll come back after all star against Denver. And then we'll come back after all star against Denver. And then we'll come back after all star against Denver. And then we'll come back after all star against Denver. And then we'll come back after all star against Denver. And then we'll come back after all star against Denver. And then we'll come back after all star against Denver. And then we'll come back after all star against Denver. And then we'll come back after all star against Denver.