 You ready? You game? I'm game. James now Mitchell Robinson there original starting center is out with ankle surgery as well There is the thought that they might get him back for the tail end of the season. Oh boy picking up where he has left off Six container celebration of D.A. Juppert Brunson works it on the right side. He gets a scoot on his hip and leaves back and scores to tie this ball again his two points Josh Hart is playing wonderfully as well for the next Brunson's stand still triple 40%er this year and that's a dangerous old going up against Brunson Bantin with a catch and shoot triple himself. He knocks that down You know what Bantin is closing in on 40% Josh Hart No for jump went off that right leg on his finishes Brunson five to shoot drives the bump cut out Thus the MVP chance the early a back court violation He just did get across the timeline and pull the trigger on this one and knocks it down nice That Delano surveys squares and fires against his XX team mate in Toronto It's Kamara who cleans it up. He's fine there like now at the time of the shock clock violation Lasers get it back eight fires up bill outside the level over in the corner to hang it since given the blazers a huge boost off the bench Brunson on the screen Recover is Brunson gets it out of his hands over here to heart Josh goes to work orders down into the paint since a father that shot Matisse the other way you'll push Slance into the lane or running right hand or quick toss out Next working 12 on the clock before getting up a shot and Sending it back up again, works up top Comes off the screen to the edge and drills a three slightly above the break and the Dicks Well high dribble bandage squirves into the lane tow tracks and scores. He is a great processor in the past break As he's dribbling the ball against once Matisse to come to it. It draws a switch Tees trying to take advantages and it scrambled out to the Naya the lefty will raise it he drills a three God of its spots a scene, but the blazers could burn John He sends it to the open shooter from the corner is OG and so it sounds kind of countertuitive But the pressure and defense up until that plate right there has worked out pretty well for the place out in New York wants to play defense Their DNA is played one way all the time OG into the lane brought that up from the belt buckle in a bank school That's a great pass. That is a terrific pass D.A. Nice move to drop in all make himself available on score good from D.A. Lakers shooting 43% with fully attempts at the goal Again, it is brought some use in that electric at the rims. Yeah Even Genzo puts on the brakes gets it back very chasing them off the three point arc Rolling his heart and stuff Throw in there and a nice swat earlier tonight. He's got another opportunity here. It runs and drives into the lane That's an off balance loop swung up and it's about the second or third Sun top here by nine they've held their last three opponents to under 80 points and under 39% shooting eight and up top Thrilled it four of it deflects it under control given credit for the offensive rebound. He'll scoop it here to a chua Followed up and in by the six to make bride Egan's off the high screens. It's that dribble good idea Had it deflected a chua with solid defense Anna now let oh three brunts of what do you do there? Heart misses short from three panty other way Counting the left hand dribble up the floor heart comes into double with Nick bride has to pick second to rear you off the right leg and in Anna foul right Immediately went to the bench happy Watchers Murray outside stand still triple is good. He's seen it go through there twice now Murray brings it up himself He has the zone's up step hook as he gets an an obe in deep Bruns up into trap Outside of couple you bench and zone for the big payoff of 40% are out there Murray missing on that three attempt Bruns it fast to hard strike refusing down the middle of the floor Here's the lock just the top eight dropping down to the old phone I received everything out there last night It gave me the full tank. We're gonna rush it tonight But he will be Rollin when we had to do all the brunts and scores again getting acclimated there in deep squad like you said They see themselves as contenders to win that title of the east scoop rakes through with the three sets of back to backs They have played already this year 83 in the second of those two here's eight with a staff All the way down the shoot for the jam setup. I've been a part of the core of the community for over 20 years and You know the campus is beautiful and awesome and just just real to play for Univ. These bigger than ourselves and nothing better than playing for Portland Obviously the whole team here tonight where you guys haven't fun. Yeah awesome It's just been a blast to watch it within the foul was called for two Monty's By the time Brunsick got to the bucket two Monty is not going to let up them Big pleasure rebound recovered by a chua. He's joined by an obe out there up front and hard Annoble to hand reverse don't cuz he In the direction of the blazes bench trying to tell them what they got to do to guard him And it'll be overplay the steel comes you on the way for the flush and the next Some of the low outs at the blazes have suffered a time is the Lano It was the benefit here Shia Farrowing his way inside Shialyn Brunsick once again gets it done. He's up to Ashton Higgins outside looks off the three love just love watching him play man Up the four scoot got one place through the contact laid it in nice move He just went the entire length of the floor tend to go fourth quarter Annoble with it into the lane Stank rolls lays at home at a foul No, I'll be the one to Murray drives and kicks Triple up and in for two money Nine boards and seven assists out of the lineup Brunsick outside triggers the three and got it and spills to the floor after knocking down Bantton splits a pair of defenders gallops in going left a nice two by Lano And I know we've broken up by tomorrow Up the floor Murray down there the online they find band number wing as he spaces out to triple three scoot up the floor DA steps into a 20 footer and knocks it down his work rate has been through though You know Brunsick goes down ball loose baton's got it under control of Kamara his past knocked down by heart grab and Brunsick up the floor leans and scores Or two Man trying to get separation And oh Yeah, that was as a Money under two minutes remaining and the fat ass or step on the event should go and scores This is just what it's While Aston was looking at the ball allow the next two create a chase and now this is what it results in So we're like when he watch film In a lot of them and he loves action. Hey, it's you don't say aston. I need you to see ball in the middle now So on that relocation I need you tighter to Brunsick They may not work on that time off the clock. They maybe don't get it Which in and of itself is an accomplishment against this next defense. It's been on a tear over the last three games Holding a pulm at some under 80 point You