 Welcome to one. You ready? You game? I'm game. Against a Washington team that can score quickly, it can score in punches. Things can change very fast. These two teams combined for 264 points. Chet was roaming that baseline a lot last night. Who's my little floater? That's good. And Kyle Kuzmova, 22 points per game without falling. And it just seemed like it just disturbed Zubach all night long for the Clippers. And that was part of the physicality that Mark Degnaut was happy about. Physically, and Chet Holger was a part of that. Degnaut as the game went on as Ferris J. Lennon was spotted up right in the corner. He was just roaming that defense trying to create something. Turn over, two on one. Jones going to give it up. And it's Kuzmova in transition. Number two transition team in the NBA. That's what they like to do. It's not going to easy points. This guy here doesn't get easy points. He's just... He's like a pretty stream, Michael. When he was in motion, just gliding around the floor. As Kuzmova wants again, he's got six out of the first eight for Washington. I don't think he seems to play last night. You wouldn't expect it if he could just see him right now. A lot of bounce. You mentioned it a lot, particularly early in the fourth quarter. But we're seeing in the first quarter on that alley up. As Paul Grin, chucking down the lane at Chet Holger, goes right to the cup, the smithing Kyle Kuzmova. Not having to pass it to a point guard. And, statly, all the follow-up that initial miss from Ty's Jones. That pretty much the legacy we could. There is Josh Gidey in the corner and that three, Mattel's in. No, no. Obviously, you know, it's one of the favorite sons of the Thunder. Thunder is SGA. Pluck his head down. Run get drive going right to the cup. That is only Jersey hanging in the Raptors. That number four, that sweet number four. By the year. It's... Ooh, George, picking up a real lift off last night. You had three, three. Got one. You get a good patient, Stu. You just kind of waited for the double team to sink back before we kick that pass out. And this time it's the Thunder in transition. Jalen Williams attacking right away. Get knocked to the floor and good bump. And double the triple team. These Williams to put in that load every single time. There's a workman like Blake from Eugene O'Marui, the former Thunder player. He is scorching hot first quarter. Thunder are 14 of 17. And there is Kisbert from the outside. He's dangerous. You know, Michael is a former player. I'm sure you love to share stories with guys that you played with in different cities. It's a moment for the second time already tonight. Tell all the great stories about your rookie year. And all the hazing that you had to endure. You know what, man? I learned some tips. I'm very popular. Don't worry. When we go to Milwaukee, we'll have markets refresh those stories. Yeah, I'm a popular guy, man. All right, let's go. All right, take right to the cup. Again, there's Shed Hulgren and a bucket on the put back by Washington. It put up 128 points in the first matchup from these two teams that Interation's capital back on January 8th. How about that? Nice. Little scoop pass. And Jordan Poole might have lost his balance backly there. Another block by Shed Hulgren. Three last night, bagley got found in. That one spins home. This notice got the best record in the West 39 and 16, but here comes Dallas, average. All of a sudden. Playing really good. We're going to start to see a little separation. Can you name one other player that's had a triple double against every other team that believed? I can. And this game was Russell Westburg. Oh, I thought it. I don't know how to say night. This guy will drive and Corey Kisbert. Shown a little bounce. There's two cents. There's one for Isaiah Jell. Little relocation three. And Josh Gidey. Dive it in to crash the board. Just tipped it up and in. You're Brian Key from the sideline saying watch the cut. And that sideline pass from Josh Gidey to get the ball inbounded. S.J. Stand alone three. Passes it in. But he also has the three points shot. You give him space. You will make that three much like Kisbert. If he's got a little space from the outside. He's been huge off the bend. Even though he's your dinner. Nice cut. There is Gidey. Right open land in the find from S.J. As he soars up for the jam. How much you think about it? What do you think about that? Who's been trying to turn the coin around door? Wattsel did up somehow. Even with Luke Dort right on his hip. He's just a skilled score. Notice what the two hold. Once again. That's a sick analogy open the game. This one with the party. He's holding Washington's just five main threes in this game. And he said the biggest team has been transition defense. Washington really likes to play fast in out. All right, thank you, Paris. There's two parishes point. Washington has just five threes. And all of a sudden that's two threes back to back. One from Ty's Jones and one from Kyle Kusma. That's awesome. Absolutely. Go to bend at the game. Then they went and overset him lost. There is Jet Hounder. That's it. I'll wait a minute. I have one point to it. And it's backly. Feathers it up in it. This is man. You just come in and try to figure the game out. There's a lot going on. Oh, my God. You're staying with that play. Shea Mett trying to keep Shea in front of him. Extra pass over the door. Open three. And corner three. He's been back out of the net. He's shooting not known for his offense. He was watching who traded up in the draft again. And Shea goes right by. This is he fans that it's his strength, but not on that position. Who continued to get better still fun to watch them. Yeah, he was the third youngest player in the lead on opening night. And fast hitting wheels around into that running hook shot. Just like still falls under the hook category. Yeah. And clearly missed the initial shot. And there's a put back in a foul. But he didn't have the same signature shot. The Karim Matty could just beat you a million different ways. Think about some of the top scores. Lebron doesn't have a signature shot. The kind of minutes you're getting, but this is struggle. Incredibly as I say, Joe, he isn't struggling at all. I think it all started in that first quarter with kids. It's knocking down with those. Is it clear in a road that he hit from the corner? Almost a little bit. It's a strong spot. I believe the numbers getting that win. It's a tough road for him. Come off that back, back against the hall. You hit the flat end Atlanta. You don't need a rubble all night. So five more to go after tonight. And that's what we like, Mike. All right, expand in the ring. Since Christmas, essentially. He's just getting a rip of it. You know, get back in the flow of every game. He's a baller. He's just getting his first rebound. Just in the ball again. The baller just continues. The other in rhythm three. This while is making his spots. Butler to Omorui and Omorui on the cut. He's not the only former Thunder on the floor. And as Jared Butler also in the game. So we give it two way player. And we give it two way player. So a little different look. Omorui is able to snatch that one free. Johnson's throwing them up. And Omorui is able to finish the front office. Most surprise that you see some of those players out there that spent some time in the Thunder building. As Hayward, the lock balance still able to keep it. And Butler. Nice back inside, and Champenny. He's able to finish it off. He made it a bit out a long time. He didn't look like it on the play. Little extra bounce too. That's a hard take from Butler. Never let Washington think it had a chance. I'm going to have to go back to the game. I'm going to have to go back to the game. I'm going to have to go back to the game. I'm going to have to go back to the game. I'm going to have to go back to the game. I'm going to have to go back to the game. I'm going to have to go back to the game. I'm going to have to go back to the game. I'm going to have to go back to the game.