 We'll get one more one. You ready? You game? I'm game. Some more firepower being inserted into this lineup. So they're going smaller, but there's more firepower for further. With one-door corner junior on the lineup, Goga Bataze. Jalen Suggs on a catch and shoot three in sports. So you can't get caught behind the screen with Suggs. Suggs are shooting 39 percent from three this season. Here's Kisfer over to Kuzma. Kuzma's corner three is Goga. Game was tied, Glam was five minutes to go, and then was just could not execute offensively or defensively with a cow Kuzma looking to change that. That caro spinning up in under on Kuz and scores. Does everything multi-skilled and multi-position. He plays everything. Kuzma wanted Kisfer to come to him towards the basket, and he does just that for the layup. He puts early with pin having the ball on the top. He takes more than two dribbles during trouble. Man, he would do it. In the game for Washington, his Jordan Pools ties Jalen to the floater. The shot homes also in the contest for the whistles. If they turn the lights out in here, those two can continue to play basketball. Kuz, all nice step through the move by Kuzma. See, that's called patience in scored 50 percent from three here in the first quarter. It's been carol and this is that mid-range shot. Kuz, ahead of the pack, touchdown, Tias. Looking for Kyle Kuzma. Here's pooled. Being guarded by Mark Hill Foltz. I'm deal with a nice strong layup. Missed rebounded by Cole Anthony. Anthony not afraid to score to basketball. Count the bucket and one. Really had the Salt Lake City faithful kind of been all early on. He allowed my head. Homes with the layup. Was it just leading 32? Is he going shoot it? Don't do it. He thought about it. He's definitely thought about shooting it. He allowed Kulabali, getting that tough layup to go down. He do a extremely good job in terms of deflections. He's fifth in the lead. Jordan pulled a corner three. Anstereby Landry Shamit. Wizards on the run again. Oh, creative. Another layup, Jamal Mosley, seen enough already. See what Orlando can do coming out of that time out. As Mark Hill misses, follows his own shot and makes it. Mark Hill Foltz now with four points off the bench. Lead his 14. There's pool again. Understanding the assignment. You touched the basketball. You shoot the basketball. It didn't matter. Stayed with him. Well, again, they are not allowed teams to load up their defense. Kulabali is pure. Posting up the double team coming. They're currently looking for Batazzi inside, and the size of swinging over to Fraud's wise decision. Kulabali is like a couple steps back to try to get downhill, swings it over to Tyas. Back to Kulabali. Freeze up, freeze good. Big Carroll to the realm and undisturbed. Uncontested there. Washington 14 fast brick points. Thank Carroll. Altafeed from Volga Batazzi. Thank Carroll, Sfrang it over to Sugs. Sugs allowed Kulabali to run past him and hits a three. That 21 point lead now has been cut to nine. As Jordan Poole gives the Wizards a much needed bucket. Going over to Orlando. Lando starting to ratchet it up a little bit defensively. I was just going to say that Chris, they're a physical team. They play defense with their legs. Black to Sugs. There's Big Carroll. Getting it out to Volga. There's corner three is good. With switching. I can't see the Buckeye for this one. I'm going to say that two Carroll two physical scoring inside. Bogner, deep three. Jalen Sugskind for the offensive rebound. Black touches nothing but net. Brian Keith wants to talk about it. Wizards have started 0-6 from the field here in the third quarter. Kulabali on the drive. ahead and keep them in game. High-space line drive and flush by Kuz. There's an adjustment average of 20.3 points per game, and here's a steal. Count the bucket and one. We are tied at 72. Like you see the wizards attacking. Who's it? Nice look inside the homes. Land that point five position. Look at him. Actually, Jordan came up hobbling. Yeah. That's where Lando has a five on four advantage. Black corner three. Good. Jordan's turning in. Let him. There's Tyus all alone. He gets his own rebound. Going on the baseline and scoring. As Sun's once again got popped. Good job by Holmes. Kind of make that finish that. Van Carro trying to post up Kisberg and scores. So help to help that second tier. Not there. 20 for Van Carro, a nine of 18 shooting. Lando back up one shooting 50% from the field. Davis all alone making a pay. It's making three's and missing laps. Should be the other way around. Van Carro lines up a three and knocks it down. Holmes on the bench. He's got 10.5 rebounds and two steals. Just 17 minutes. Mova in their scores former wizard inside. Might be so much rhythm. There's France three up. Three is good. 26 for. JP now being guarded. Ice pocket pass inside. Different shot. Holmes. Magic 16 of 18 from the charity striped the wizards were 12 of 13. Pulled across. Offline. So. That was really nasty. The wizards back up to. Old Anthony dribbling between three wizards. And then fades away on the jumper. That's just a push up. Widget did a good job. Seven to go on the game. Five on the shot clock. Good deed. Absolutely. State down. Sugs got to get something up. Oh, he hits it before the shot clock expires. Not a bad shot, but you don't need quick ones right now. That's what I mean about execution. Fade away shot is good by Cole Anthony. Anthony with nine points off the bench. Bank Carol to Mo. And Brian keep calls time. 911. I ended with an opportunity to give some second chance points. Boys that are painful offense. A rebound. Bank Carol inside the mo. Count the bucket and the foul. Largest lead of the game for Orlando now is 10 with 212 to go. Pulled. A much needed bucket for Washington. You see fun Carol playing point guard here. They got it the ball. Drive and kick. That's what fun Carol does. rings on. 10 seconds on the shot clock for a fron. The bank Carol swinging it over to Sugs. Stand behind the three point line and hitting. Nice roster. Yeah position. Positionless tight players that take guard two way players. Now who's what gets inside for the bucket and watching how the games have been closed. Yes. And then we get to that five minute mark. And the team just out executing Washington. Anthony black dumps it home. That's the part where. And it was not led particularly by Franz or big Carol. It was names like MoVong. Cole Anthony. And.