 You ready? You game? I'm game. Starting lineups here with Maxi returning and a no-be back in the lineup for New York. You can mix, control the 10. You and Jared stop between two teams, combined score, 79-73, Philadelphia winner. Heart pull up jump. It's good. And that is a strong start in terms of offense. Already ahead of schedule. Heart being watched by Ubrei had big numbers, 18-4-10 rebounds on Sunday. And a no-be first shot is good. And a welcome return. Brunson, another Villanova connection with Lowry. High screen, Heart and Stein roll to the ramp and slam. Heart and Stein breaks free for the box. Sixers have taken an 0-4, 0-3 so far. Brunson lines it up. Gets the heel and Harris clears. Lowry with a cheer drop and the sixers are on the board. Just about three minutes gone by in this first quarter. Even Chenzel feeds it for Brunson. Brunson drags the defender Lowry into the pain. Does a great job of keeping his balance. Maxi lines it up. Bottom. It's a three. They are going to need... Brunson, the no-look ball has popped in deep in Chenzel. Harris it. It's a triple. And it's the ball moving. Keep in mind, this was a 60-year-old goal. So even with all the adversity, they have still... And Adam already knocked down another triple. They've still been proved on where they were a year ago. The teams were having a difficult time putting the ball in the basket. Uber, it got knocked away. Second defender, Adam. No-be steal for New York. What Adam No-be brings to this team. Brunson, the jumper, got him. It's a three. Bigs have to guard out in space. When you're at terrific rebounder in the guard, you need so many more opportunities this pain gets a little floater to go. Maxi pain but to read and healed on the floor. Maxi, the jumper, splash. It's a three. He gets special. Mixed currently up by 10. Heart, ball, fake on the three. Takes it in, floats it up. Achoa goes down. Buddy, healed comes in, averaging 12.6 points for a game this season. Inside, Achoa. The team in Chenzone tried to pop it in. Sixers have missed their last five shots. That's one way to change that. Achoa sets the screen from McBride. Look at it get rid of it. He does. Heart. Step back. Awesome. 20-8-16 mix. Read didn't expect it. Heal steps in, pull it feet. Read drives and finishes. Heal on the scene. Maxi off the penetration kick. Mold bomb bomb. That's a three. What are they mean? What are the things he can do relatively well at that side? McBride, ball, fake corner and a nobi back in. And a nobi is on fire. Heal down front. Maxi lost it for a moment. Fick sound. McBride, kick. They need healed to start making shots and there's one. A triple. Very much in flake in mold. Right? And let's also remember that this is a guy. You talk about JoLMB. Oh nice. Oh, a poster from Aubrey. And the foul. And that possession they go. Zone. Do the sixers. Just to change it up. Change the pace of the game for the next. Buddy, heal gets to the bucket. Nick's thought it was a travel. And now Brunson steps in. Takes it away. Leaves it forever. Nobi. Manage your highlight on the rocket attack. Maxi, that's a deep one. Maxi, short, rebounded by Hart and Stein remains in there with those three fouls. Deepen Chenzone. Got a three. Rick Brunson. Rick played nine years in the NBA and assisted for the next. Hooper A can set from the corner. Greg, this is offense. Yeah. This is not what happened on Sunday. Heart pop step, kick. Brunson sticks it. Nick's going to reload here. Brunson swing. And an Obi fly by jumper. A rounded out. Hart and Stein. The loose change. It is hard to overcome that, especially when you're having a struggle shooting. How about the numbers from Hart 10.7 rebound seven assists Ubre the pull-off looks good Lowry for to give it up read's gonna take and make the jumper Maxie to the rim on Shua gets a piece Two for one opportunity heart feed Brunson oh Yeah Fast-break points in favor of the next 11-4 three second difference shot clock the game clock Ubre launches and hits a three can help their bottom heart and style Lowry with a shot clock winding down Ubre puts it up and in it's a three and you gotta love that if you're feeling because that was a terrific possession defensively Shot clock at eight and Lowry takes it away from Brunson Up ahead Maxie accelerates for two he gets down here as well as any guard in our league Partish time looks for the open man and a no-be lost it Another Nick's turnover Lowry on his horse swing Maxie bullseye. It's a three Time out Nick Rebounded by Hart he is flirting with a triple double 15 boards 10 rebounds eight assists rainbow Shepard goes Dumped a deep in Chenzone from really difficult to create offense when you play that way Brunson head fake floater good and a foul Brunson draws the big on the outside deep in Chenzone with tend to shoot heark didn't expect it initially back to work Brunson And I know big spin Oh G and a no-be with a big finish in the half-court and that just creates opportunities for them to attack Campaign picks up the personal Brunson great find Hartlestein rocks Lauren. That's an example their heart is that just runs to an open area Miles McFryde is back in and a no-be will keep an eye on his minutes 26 of an oh Getting inside a Chua with the throwdown in the mix 27 assists they have more assists than the sixes have made field look out and a no-be to the ramp Oh gee and a no-be has been everywhere Had a head of steam there to get to the rims Campaign for two 137 to go on the third thing about this Philadelphia team Keep in mind nice back to a cup there keep in mind that In be one the in the key last season keep them all moving No hesitation on the jumper bot got a bit of offensive rebound a Chua one-on-one with Harris Even Chenzone feeds it a Chua Big time flush Slap away and Harris will get credit for it but to To heal to Ubrae For the flush Energy from New York came the steel and It's blocked by a Chua the follow Ubrae in a chance at a three-point play 7% from the field Allen Berks in Berks accelerates corner McBride nails it another three confident Jumping And a jumper too strong for a Chua flying in For the flush Long and Greg the mix are gonna move to 13 and two with Ochi and a no-be in the line up this season Layup goes for McBride Healed fades away and connects What you'd hope for if you're unique nurses somehow buddy heel can find his rhythm here the rash of injuries including Julius Randall missing his 19th game with the right shoulder injury McBride gets another good look at it They handle the sixers with ease And they've hope three straight opponents to under 80 points for the first time since 2000 You