 You ready? You game? I'm game. My day was a time. And then you got to do a good job against the plus 500 in order to maintain trying to stay in that top five to six. Because they are second in the league in offense of rebound, which you would think without the three big guys upfront that that wouldn't happen. His improvement has been terrific, not only with the rebounding and the shop blocking, but the scoring when he gets the chance. Harris with a runner gets in the lane for a bucket, Branson, the lefty for three off the mark. This is where Philly's got a show. They've got to get points in the open floor. Lowry spins and hits the 15 footer at the elbow and then give Hart a ton of credit because he's filling up the lanes in the rebounding up both of them. Even Chenzone, Cubi because of this smaller lineup, they shoot a lot of threes. Kelly, a recent addition to the starting lineup got the nod against New Orleans the other night, dropped 20 on the pebbles. Here's Lowry. Harris, offensive rebound in the flush. And it's paying off big time this year. Pressure is a chew on. What a pleasant surprise. He has been a big pick up for them mid season. Talking to Nickner's pregame, obviously they all know they're short-handed, but he's just looking for them to fight every night for them to be consistent. Lighting and night out and there you go right on cue. Down the playgrounding, even you and I could have gotten a little given go, I would say nice. Even Chenzone, the drive in the dish. Even Chenzone weaves behind the screen and knocks it down for three. He worked for that. Heds go down on the Philly bench. They can't believe it's another start like this offensively. That being said, they're only down five. The Nick's have not been able to put any distance between them and theirs are three for pain. Healed, gets by heart into the lane, nice drop off and the dunk for Paul Reed. I love Reed. Thank you Katie, a combined 13 baskets in that first quarter and not a free throw to be had. You'll be free their side picked off. That was his fifth turn over. Healed, we'll take it to the rim. Nick shooting 27, but they have nine journals. The true fans are hanging around with us. There's Boogie. Could use his leadership right now. Ubrae, probes and then steps back. 24 points per game in fact, Ubi in his last four. And now has worked his way into the starting lineup with Maxi still out for the fourth straight game. Pain, back to Reed, Paul Reed. And him. Another offensive rebound for Akua and then the turnover. Ubrae with the athletic move and the flush. Heart and Stein again. He gets him. But donovage will try and that one goes. He never really got back into that same flow post accident so they tried starting him bringing him off the bench just to kickstart his offense. And they finally found that rhythm last Sunday when he came in in Dallas for Tyrese Maxi when he left the game. Lowry on the run and deepened Chenzone takes away the pass from Harris. What a great defensive play. The close that poor. And then started the break and you execute at the other end. Brunson spins and hits to a row for Jalen. Lowry, nice ball fake. He doesn't want that chance. Ubrae gets a little closer he wants that one. And I like the fact that he knows that. And it more turnovers than baskets in this first half. Oh great. Even Chenzone with the steal. And the jam on the run. He's made three excellent defensive plays. Because I mean that we don't have to play the next two games. We can go home. And one for Brunson. Oh nice. Brunson keeps pitches it out to Hart. Jalen, deep three got it. But tonight he's been a little struggling on the shot. Hurt and Stein second chance out to Dante. And it's Billy Hussle's back. Yeah, I'm surprised he didn't go all the way. But it looked like he was looking for an area. And then Brunson finds David Chenzone off the drive. Yeah, they've only scored seven points so far in this third quarter. Ubrae. He's been there go to. He seems to be attacking the paint and the rim. Well, Nick Nurse talked about how soft they were the other day. Is Brunson scores with contact? You're going to tell us in the post game interview that it's day to day. But Wendy starts forebord watching. If at all, as we get closer to the post season. Every player in the league looks because now it's listening one fifth game. Up until now it's a little confusing. But January and February are the dog games. That's where you cannot lose to the sub-pipe hundreds. Harris. He'll get an open look. He missed him online. See Harris right now with the ball. He's got to get him wrong. He took the one shot before. There you go. Maybe that will get him going. Started the quarter two for 12 then went six for six to open up this league. Harris, another one. But he has to be more active now if they're going to win this game. Buck Donovan's right off the bench and gets the bucket. Very nice game. He's very quiet about winning through. Oh, he made the nice play to block but then kept it alive right to Sims. Unfortunately. Final seconds winding down to this third quarter. Pain finds a seam and rolls it up and it over Sims. He got a post. Unfortunately, he didn't make a good catch so the double team. Three ten footer from the baseline is good. Buck Donovan. Oh, the turn and the three. Healed with the fade. Got it. The tenix are going to win this game. You have to think of two areas. They have 20 turnovers and they're eight for 34. Next across mid court they've missed their last six shots in a row. They've got to be able to get the ball back. They've got to be able to get the ball back. Their last six shots in a row. Ubrae, good closeout. Even Chenzone has to drive it. Take it right into the defender. Harris, back to Ubrae. Drives kicks to Reed. Got it. Paul Reed with the three pointer. Come on now. What do we say about the chef? Come on. He's not afraid to take that three. And that was the second make in this game. One for seven in three. He's our number as he does not see often. Ubrae, nice drop off for Reed. Nice play by Ubrae. Brunson, heart. Back to Jalen. Hazardtated the first time, not the second time. Ten point deficit down to four. Bruchie to the play. Lowry elevator. Brunson, heart. This time off the bounce scores inside. He had nothing. He got down in that area. Nine for forty tonight from downtown. Harris turns it over. Oh, see, they made the trap. That's what he was. And then Brunson loses the handle and gives it back. 15.5 seconds to go. Brunson, Ubrae defending. And bothering Brunson on the shot. Do you think Chenzel follow? No. And Philly's got it. And they're going to win it. That's frustration. That's how the game was played. Thank you.