 You ready? You game? I'm game. Pretty much anybody. And that's all. Just give themselves an opportunity and then you're right. Nerdgitch and KD were huge. I mean Aaron Gorton, he has been controlled like that in a long time. So you're exactly the correct K-Ray defense is unreal. Yeah Frank Vogel went out of his way to praise the job that Nerdg did. Despite falling out and really over the course of two games. Just gave him a little bit of memory. And it's great to see Grayson break out of as I've said that many shooting slump as Kelly O'Linnick. You're going to be slim little bit. He'll nice work on the glass with the back tap. There are one hands. Grayson. Black spots. Again coaching at the right-fold age of 16 there in Serbia. On the kick, O'Neal from the corner. With this team and then it goes back to limiting the troopers. Yeah, I mean as well. He's not taking that stuff. Nice. Bass break points. He did 19 since the all-star break as KD can't hit the little tip in but O'Neal inside doing some work. Yeah, bar and sideline with a hand fractured. You know I get hurtled. Allen gets another clean look. Same results. That's confidence level is way up above the top of the ring. I'll tell you that. On the cut, Trans-Junior inside. We'll get the finish in the foul. Nice, unsports the miss. Or a fourth year man out of the University of Louisville. The three's. Raining like the skies were open earlier today. Well 90 seconds of the opening quarter. Allen again quick release. Boom. Hey, Frank Boglion looking at him. Like, oh my. There's Boucher out there on the floor. Ready to dig on a quick release. They want to connect. Ready to dig all that. Yeah, from day one, you've seen that enthusiasm. You know, from the good go is Eric Gordon joining in on the three point shooting party. This is a wonderful community. We've played plenty all star games here in the past. People who love to come here are guests from around the country. And frankly, from around the world. And I learned my lesson. You can't turn the clock back. I mean NFL has changed their profile. You know, recognizing the guys aren't going to go out and risk injuries. They want to fight football. Well, more eyes than ever. They've certainly been on this son's organization because of the new TV deal that Matt and this. These guys are playing top notch hard nose basketball every night. There's the scores are going higher because these guys are so talented. There's little pocket pass. Nerd giving that right back. A lot of bodies down inside. Ball with a one leg and water. Oh, young fella. The Raptors shot 13 of 44 in that 139 98 loss. They were down by 43 in that game. Is a manual quickly. I could down the mid range. Biggest lead 19. All in off the screen sets fires and connects. If it was this did not cool them all. Praise Union with the floater. He's getting all kind of looks right now. It'll pass up the open three. Around the Gary Trins Jr. He's not going to pass up any open threes. Oh, that's a flop. Why do they call it a flop? I don't understand. Well, it becomes a challenge when you face a team like this. And it's a different kind of challenges. Barrett with the South Paul delivery. Because you have so many new faces and guys who have seen little time. The Scattery for it's not exactly deep as nerd with the follow. And delivers a hammer rebound number 11 points five and six. Sun with 15 second chance points to the Raptors. Just keep pushing the ball. Quickly to pass over the Baron. It gets the open look and connects. Around the wheel double figures 11 points six or six in 18 minutes. Red Jr. Off the Atlantic screen. Knock it down the mid range. Gracing on the drive. Into the corner. The deal. Great ball to the set. The KD. All the 90 point hits. Durant little back cut. Clock pass in heavy traffic bill. Quickly. Raced into the basket. O'Lennick drops it off the Baron. This Raptors team looking to push, make or miss. Barrett. It's the South Paul finish. A seven oh Toronto one. The song of the Raptors. The deal. Not because way through the double team gets to the middle 12 footer. Alan nice on ball defense there again quickly. Trent Jr. Side step three. Got it. Right. He did get a defender at 10. Who is up. Who sail the drive. Hammer's on the reverse. Quickly able to slip inside. Be a work on the rookie. The baseline pull up. Barrett. Brady dick in the corner leaves it short. Off puts a glasswork inside to shave the hook back. Mid-guard in the 1-on-1. They're doing them their team. Raced check and act on that one. But the back tap into the hands of freedom liberty. Another run out opportunity here is Barrett. On the drive. We're going to need one opportunity. Katie looking for some space. Barrett draped all over his back five on the shot clock. Katie backing him down. With a little one leg sweetness. Barrett's on the drive of the spin. You bags blocks it away. O'Neill recovers. Up ahead to the ran. Katie. Brings the boom. Finds the cutting saving lead. Jump stop out the drain. Katie leans back with the 18 footer. And she tries to set the screen with the switch. Katie step it out on quickly. Gets the block. Put the loose ball. Trickles into the hands of Ushe. You quickly gives it a home. Barrett's the only way I worry with that. They were going to make some because they continue to shoot them. Here's the rookie Brady dick. It's tangled up in traffic. Drops it off into the hands of you. Feeling it dry. Cut off like quickly. Pull pull. Swords finds a trailing nerd. EG next little ball fake. A drive in the basket. We've shame former defensive player of the year in the G Lee. G Lee get me back in 2018. 19. Wickling. Swing off the wheels in the finishing ability. Just beat the ball. Yeah. I don't need your help. I won't run him around you. Quickly with a quick release on the three. Some of those second chance points they were getting in the first tap. They've gone dry. He's a very left hand. He's left hand. He'll want to drive. Hits the break after saving Lee. Be the squares at five. He's going to be the first one. He's going to be the first one. He's going to be the first one. He's going to be the first one. I would mean you have to get the three. Be the squares or fires Spockette. Back a swing in a round. Look at the Garaand near to box. Threw. Way to drive. Nice work onto a window. Overboots Bay. Point deep out of the Rik zd er disappointing. Remain aggressive you get avez tb the rail and west of the way. the league continues a big night. And Elinick playing with five fouls is not going to risk picking up number six. The rookie Brady Dick from the corner quickly thought about the three night closeout by U class. Barrett gets the screen with the payoff quickly with the rebound his eight to the night stops with a three point look and air mails it. Don't want to drive this clock all the way down to where you got to take a talk stop. Works the elbow. I like that. That's a sweet spot for dad. Eight to 14 from beyond the arc. In junior season opening. He could go in the evening later. We'll finish tonight with 30. But the sun will finish with the W 120. What's 13. Is.