 You ready? You game? I'm game. Should be weights tonight of the pain between NERK and Jared Allen who takes the easy feed and sets up the easy two. At three shorter book. NERK. Just use that big body clearing space. The bird fires a pass up ahead and transition and an easy run to the rim there. Grant looks at the back door cut with the quick hands of Cleveland, generate the steal. Set up an open three. And an easy hit there for Darious Garfield 7-0 start here. KD, quickly stopping that. These two teams, if you can believe it, it's been 14 months since they last met. They played January 4th here in Cleveland. In January 8th in Phoenix of 2023, as back to back hooks from the RAN. We were kind of laughing looking at the box score for both teams, but primarily, Jarlyn connects on that one at 14 last night. This is a Cleveland team that would be selected in their double teaming on a quick release by Allen who connects. Looking with a nice cross who gets right to the basket. Yang able to turn the corner on Allen gets it up off the glass. Yang at 20 last night as the suns make the extra pass sets up Allen for the corner three knockdown. And he said, hey, this team has our full attention. But another three-point hits. The Jerry's Garland. Booker with Levert defending on him. Looking at baseline jumper. Looking to draw back to December and missed the long stretch of game to another knockdown three. Sharon's Levert connecting on that one. Miral had his five points last night. Yet a hot month of January is. Garland continues to sting the suns early here. KD with a pull-up pass outside to Booker who connects on the deep three. Garland gets another wide open look. It's the triple. His father Winston Garland played seven seasons in the association. It's also got a close connection with Bradley Beale as part of that Beale AAU team as KD. Kind of cool him off with another jumper. Beale having to do a little quick shoot time. He said that left hand. He'll take that free to linux. Did a jumper. So that's up the corner look. And another three-point knockdown. That comes up the hand of Isaiah Mowley. Just his third three-point attempt. And his second three-point knockdown. And as Beale counters with a triple of his own. As KD opened from beyond the arc and it connects from deep. Garland on a crossover able to take it right to the cup. Garland heat check. This carousel of bird able to turn the corner and take it right down the paints. Beale working on Miral. He's able to get that baseline jumper. Beale with the opening. I mean you've got Phoenix shooting 57% 50% from beyond the arc. But there you get another example of Cleveland getting into the paint. Beale able to cross-marry up. Takes it inside. Yeah nice green by Nercut. It's two to open things up for Beale. Beale going glass. Levert hits the brakes. Fires a three. Nercut finds it trailing Beale. Stop. Fires. Levert with a rebound. Outlet pass up ahead to Porter Jr. When he choose that shot went up. Porter Jr. was already down half-court. Booker scissors is way into the paint. He's got nine. Goes right back to the cows right now. Five on the shot clock. His home cooking right now. Everything. Cookies out of the hand of Darius Garland. His cooker with a baseline look hits the deck. Yang tangled up throws it away. You'll need with a steal. Roy's up top and Drew brings the boom. Booger with a floater. And book now with 15 nice offensive glasswork by Beale sets up Katie with a look. Nerc grabbed by Allen and gets the finishing touch along with the foul. Rand backing down on Yang gets to the baseline look. No Neal looks across the floor by its beale connects from deep. Rand crosses over rising up and delivers the hammer. Marlin hits the brakes on the fade away connects. Another offensive rebound of a booker. Trigger the pass out the KD. It booked there again for a third time. And finally third time that's sharp zone deep fits it. Look Garland on a drive and kick. Fees it into the corner for a Coro who connects. Coro is first made three of the nights shooting 41% on the season. You were diligently on that three points shot in the offseason. His KD with a turnaround and one Garland on a drive drops a pass off in heavy traffic. Set up an easy run to the rim by Beale. Booker is able to weave his way through traffic. Gifts to the baseline look and sons with their first lead at 77 76. Booker again on the offensive glass with a back tap. Allen sets fire. Flash down from the Kyle Hoga River. Beale working off the screen. It's KD up high. Sticks the 17 foot when you have elite players like Kevin Iran. Sometimes it doesn't matter who or what kind of defense you're playing. They're elite four reason. Booker with a beautiful crossover making Yang do a little dance in Booker. Look and fresh and feisty in his return here. Deep three for KD. It's kind of what happened last night to Cleveland. Team three scoring run Laverte counters with a three point hit out at Garland. Deep three on the way and able to connect. The rant sizing up another deep three and connects his third of the night. The rant. Splash down. And even KD. Loved it. Oh, the pass. Inside Jones. Time out Phoenix on the pass up ahead to be. Brad. Goes it down. Katie hits the brakes. Holds up over Allen. Those teams knocking down four threes in that third and making an early here in the fourth for Grayson Allen. Grayson picking up three fouls early. Drop off passage side to Allen. Be able to 20 on the drive a little scoop and score. Burned way outside five on the shot block. Recognizing able to drive inside splitting the two sons defenders. Coro and the drive dropped it off the Merrill. Merrill able to connect on the triple. His first made basket of the night. Ordered junior able to drive inside. Coro extended the defense on Booker. Gets a screen from Allen. Racing to the basket. Across the Florida to Ranch. Katie in an easy run to the rim. Sons on the break. Booker with a dribble hesitation. Holds up goes glass. A little English. They're from number one. Ordered junior on the offensive glass. And then running baseline hammers at home. Booker with the back door cut. Gets it from U-bags on the pass across the field. Blind to wide open to ranch. Sets fires. Conex. Allen back to the basket. Pass in heavy traffic. Touch pass. Coro. No. And an easy put back. Nobody got a body on the bird. Yeah, the bird came from out of bounds and feel kind of let him go. Shot clock winding down. And then a whistle and a foul. Kevin to Ranch going to be whistle for the personal. LeBurg draped all over and Katie with a pull up. No back tap into the hands of a Coro. Coro racing ahead. Touch pass back. Stepping out of bounds. Cleveland turnover. Rand gets it quickly getting it back to Allen. And then Allen is immediately fouled by Porter Jr. Two big free throws there. This Kabal ears team will you tip your cap considering the firepower that they are missing here. And he is Garland. He fires badly. And the calves will drop back to back games.