 This is game 55. Oh, absolutely. I love a good break, but honestly coming back, you were so out of breath and you were shot. So it's great. I know these guys needed, but hopefully they don't enjoy shooting. He's cutting his hands, got it on the push up ahead. But Nirk, as we saw him do a couple of times last night, get back to offensively, get the steel, but Fontexi went side to clean it up. Fontexi coming over in that active, trade day deal. Detroit, the most active among teams in the NBA. Deep free cover from EG and got it. Durran, averaging a double, double. Looker, it's a clean look. Down it goes. I degree of difficulty reverse there. Pistons in transition. Like good looking tip in there. Gordon trying to box out the young springy Thompson. Yeah, very, very exciting news. Of course they had said that the officials as you said they've got a tough job. There are a lot of new officials also. One official that is retired. Son's by five. Alan on the attack by the slashing through you backs who brings a little early points. Better in 48 coming over from New York. They get that floater, but it's taps up and in by Thompson. Rich junior, trying to stay attached to KD. Get into the paint of the fuller. It's good defense just better offense. Grabbed it off the rebound. To the cut. Leave with a reverse. Yeah, good patience by O'Neill. He's been all four years. Milton nearly had it stolen her bleed. Browns junior the floater. Alan on the drive kicks it out to O'Neill. See's an opening goal pole starts a second quarter. Little tough floater inside. Gordon sets up the fly by on the drive. Scoop and score. Alan on the drive. O'Neill gets a clean look. Makes you pay. Time out Detroit. It's wide open. So shot fake or just going right out, right off the ball screen or handoff. They're going to get a wide open shot or someone's going to get a wide open shot. Pull, pull with a triple hit. They're going to get a wide open shot. On Tech Hill, they'll give him another look and finally connects. 38% coming in. Yeah, the impact he was able to make and even stuff that didn't show but we talked about this with knives coming in. There was stuff that doesn't show up on the stats sheet and the ring. They work their tails off. Yeah, they really do. Running hand with a tough left hand finish. Five points already. Eight rebounds. A use of Nercut. Dern from the elbow. Kevin Rance, Sabin Lee and Drew Bax making the way to the fours table. So another steal. Alan drops it off the ball for a fool. O'Neill in the drive, drops it off inside her pretty reverse from Sabin Lee. It was on a Woma off the Pins and Bents. Sabin, what a beautiful drive and a tasty reverse. Yeah, the pitch has been amazing how they stepped up. Look how active they are on deepened stuff. I know that will win in but Sabin went for it. Akogi was there to help him. They put it down low. There's lots of deep cuts ahead. Yeah, and then to your point guys, the sun, the fours, seven turnovers of the previous nine possession. Why Detroit this Katie. You'll take Kenny playing time you could get. And off the top of those players, it does come late in game. So Neill connects from the corner. Dern on the spin. Too strong with that left hand. One shot 59% from the floor in that second quarter. As TD gets it early, looking around it in from deepest first three point knocked down. Great defensive rotation right there though. You see people helping each other out. They're contesting the three. It's a good box out so that it's one and done. Pistons just three of 17 on Neill able to connect. Kevin Durant, Devin Booker and is very bored and can't quite get the finish on that one. And Bradley Beale sometimes when you're coming to new team is Vantecchio. And Nirk says no sir. But now. I dare you. Throw back a little. To Kimmy Mutumbo figure wagon and then drops the dime over the top. Claps to Indianapolis. We played on Thursday. D3 cover mouth. High arching. Brain Book connection. Nirk Benola pass. Finding Katie on the elbow. Merrick is no jiu. With stepping assists on the nights. A deal of trying to stay attached to cutting. The rant work it on the rookie Thompson. They want to pick the pocket of the vet that time. Thompson flies in. You can see that the pistons had a lot more energy and they were attacking. The rant on it was connected on that mid range. Find Eric Gordon on the kickouts and EG with a three point delivery. The e-cumpline out of the baseline. Unable to control it. Here comes cutting him. Vantecchio stops the bulls. Sassler up top two Thompson. Man he can get up Kenny. You kind of wonder how long Katie's going to play. I'm not trying to be like that. I know he wants to get his point but he also wants to make sure he stays healthy in a game. It looks like he kind of has secured so far. He's trying to give me ish. Win right by. He's got that kind of body. You're absolutely right. Dead mentality. 48. With a three point hit. Seven with a great run. And brings the boom. Sassler with a step back. Able to get it over U-Banks. But he can't hit it but the put back up and in from the roof. He has sarts Thompson. Oh my gosh. Oh and Drew. Flying across the paint for the loose ball out to Troy Brown Jr. Who drops in the three point hit. That's got one of the three nice close at that time by U-Banks to prevent. He's crossed the shake. Now we're going to try to rip it away from the Scala. Three point hits with the foul for Shik Milton. Ball with a pocket pass. Sit. Proof. Brings the boom. But defensively sometimes that's a weakness and use your length. Don't let them get you the paint right there. You know you're too tall and too big to be allowing people to attack your hips. Use your length and step back a little. A guy who's seven feet plus. Roddy from the corner. And a welcome to the Valley. David Roddy. Weissman. Able to gather and we will get the whistle. Want to do on that trip for save it. Milton hesitated and fired the triple and connects. To build on that separation. And not requiring any kind of leading heroics against this pistons team. Shikving dudes are bruised or rock-grat. Dim Brewer. On stats we shall go on our stage manager. The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The