 You ready? You game? I'm game. Most notably, LeBembo Ball out for the ball ordinance here tonight. This first quarter brought to you by First Tech Federal Credit Union. The official Credit Union up the Blazers visit First Tech Fed.com slash Blazers. Simon C's two defenders has tossed a grant, is disrupted. It's mainly the other way. Changing in mid-air to lay it up and then Simon's was spun around on contact with man and he got the worst of that. He was playing a warrior team who has been absolutely right out the in-game. He's a deep catch and inside, he was able to seal Richards and Leo. Simon sees a double team that get it out of his hands, very quickly over the grant. Slashes in, running right hander up and in over bridges, nice move by Grant. Slashing in, Simon's jump pass Murray has to collect it around the shoe strings, finding something nice flipped from a body feed straight away. Simon's again, double team blitzed, hands to Murray, puts it on the net, drives it inside, protects the ball to the body, laid it up, no. Followed up and in and Murray got cracked three deals that the ordinance made the previous to the dead by. Simon's figure short with the six seventh of a gallon on it, makes it down hill. Over here to Murray for the hammer. One of those weird cold nights. I don't think he'll be that far, but those kind of looks is definitely not that far miles bridges right now. Since January 1st, he's had the fourth highest 3.0 percentage. That was so strange to see that doesn't happen often. Uses when that ball hits the bar's hands, it is possessed. He has it, he catches, he does what he wants with it. He's so amped up about the March and storm coming in at half time that he's looking forward to it. As on some other places, which is understandable. I bet you the hornets are as well. You, you be lost about the 60 catches. So here's best he misses at the cup, recovers and tips it up and out. Right, stay with it, stay with it. But to that point, he gets his up, he's okay. He shoots into the lane. Big durable body, 6'5, he lays it in as he maneuvers by it. It's a spread corner. So it's going to require T-T to keep scoring and the blazers keep scoring. They feel pretty good on this one. All's been out since January 26th. That allows Trayman playing in his 50th game, I should say, and I'll come to the Ornus. Well, now they got a fight for a stracing because that play right there at the A. He had the post-up, but he wanted some movement so that the helper of Tumati couldn't just take away his action. The average at 17 points, he's finally rebounded. He's engaged with his ball club, coming off the bench. Bridges is fouled in commission in the shot. We had to get a chance at a three-point play. Well, hopefully the blazers can start conversing on some of these. They're in Jeopardy Kavum. They're lowest half, first half of the season. He really has in February. He's been on fire so I've escaped back. Oh, that one in an out rebound. Eight rides away in the paint to zip it up an end. Ornus of 1-4, the last five that coming off a 29-point first half. And a loss at Golden State. Nice. Right into the lane. Nice to the couple, he did it. His bridges dropped back. And we're in sure that about half of the clock speeches. Two Williams. Outside. They wanted to switch everything defensively there so that everything didn't happen. They learned so much about Portland. They were exposed to something new and they also got to drop off something that we did. Dr. Zachary and I as Chris Murray gets a bucket to start things off. We want to see more of that right here sitting next to it. This is the equivalent of the NFL head coach in NBA head coach down there. Kav, you run in the band. We got to talk to you. It's an awesome experience being a head band director in an HSU. And just this weekend alone, we're carrying the banner for always be serious. This is the first opportunity. It's amazing to me that you can do all that marching and stuff. It's still getting music to come out of those instruments. I mean, that's something. I think that's what separates us from everyone else. That's what brings it to take. Join the Dwaris. Sunday evenings thanks to me. I'm Portland is with a lot of joy in our students. I saved this with all honesty. They see the world differently by making this seven and a half hour trip to DC. The side bitches had a tough go inside out dribble. The one's two with a left hand. What a move. Footwork. Oh, he was watching that band in that. He really mixed up their courage on him. Man sneaks in. He deflects the ball away. It's grabbed by Miller. Centered by Martin. And handed off to Richards for the coup d'et-graut to Handjane. He ate a little bit of the back to stick that one around on his. He steps out on Martin. And then rolling was Richards. Weekside helps slow the get and Richards there with a two handjane. Terry Rosier moving on through trade as well for Kyle Aurena. 27 first. The Aurewaves picked up. I don't know if you the team has definitely changed. And Charlotte Grant into the lane. Really good former basketball players and great teachers. That's the place to go. Now JT, teach him how to run the break. Just snatched it from Bridges up the floor. Eight wise lickets down the floor, far from with the plan. Lay it up and then. They can defend Ian Vichich. Really going ahead. Lost sight. Beautiful pass inside of a gallons for the lane. But he's raises his right hand. Vichich rolls in with Grant throws it away. Make that Grant Williams too. Jeremy Grant into the lane. Follow by Joe Bupu. And as he cracks my gallons together. Oh man. Vichich, what's it inside goes right at Hagans with a crossover. A little something happened here. He really lost the dribble. Get some self-bound into the lane and takes it right down to the boulevard. And it's too much. The way they need to look at the game Kevin is high. I think they are looking at it. They've been ice cold the whole time. But it's still been a ball game. So all of them has not put them away. Miller. Which must know rebound. He teased boards for eight assignment sizes up Miller goes right at him. And it blows five Williams to lay it at. Can't gear things towards Ant in the open floor when he can dictate all the action. And Martin serving certainly and leaves it off here to Richards for the two hand jam. Yeah, that ball hailing from Martin. Simon's behind the back gathering rhythm and momentum sight step triple back iron and out rebound. Martin releasing his Miller up the floor for the two hand jam. Simon's after making that shot attempt. Grant driving into the lane in the clutter. Richards was there. Collision. The ball comes free. Charlotte and its bridges and transition to nail a two on the move. Martin comes across mid court 623 remaining. Inside bridges, bags, bumps and is able to contort and lay it up over. Reef Cody Martin indispensable to this team. He's six six and is fifth year from Nevada. He can do this. He's a extraordinary pass. Good handle. Miller leads back at score and Martin defends a lot of times. Another turnover. Convoy the other way. And man, Richards takes it in there. Just kind of. Here is Richards. 101 and Reef. Spins it goes right handed off the glass up and in beautiful move. Charlotte closing in on their fifth win in the last six tries. Eight. It's like. HGJD off the dribble, about to Richards. Turns hooks and scores. He's having himself a night tonight. And then the four people behind his primary defender are in help position for help. The move got. What was that little you should say? I got five such as. It's not out once again to Michelle. Oh, that's the lock. Close up against the block. We'll take down on the grand of birth. Just a tonight is all the fours. So it's a baton for three. Just the second three made of the night. Is either the bobcat to the orange in 15 years. Back to March 29, 2008. What's going on here? Three is suddenly falling. Outside a three to one. Followed by bat and grabbed by Higgins. Pups it outside to read catching two three for drop. No, pants in the rebound. Layed it up and in. What is there just three of 32 shooting from three point range. Two of those were in the last minute and a half of the ballgame. The odd rate and had a heck of a ballgame. And that's been the...