 the He got limiting points in the paint. That is where the Kings need to try and really be dominant and then a Transition state of mind that is where they put so much pressure on that bull's deep inch in Chicago They have points for fast break points. They need to do something similar tonight Gotta get back on defense as a slight peruseau could scream by supporters Barnes on the baseline was sits on the shot block Nice pick touch and got it to fall With a good ball fake couldn't catch and deer and being able to stop that Transition Desoomone they're going down the other end pushing it like that skip pass to the corner Murray pulls the three Somebody close the door. Let's call it a miss to Kevin Herger Play there by Kevin Herger heads up the awareness Airballs can be difficult to read that Absolutely can't absolutely can't really seem he really impacted both ends of the floor at such a high level Love to see that Murray inside nice little step-through move and passes Stoppers the sumo drives and close out of Mitchell Who to bitch with the offensive board out to bathe him and he left it short I guess you can call that a pass to suit me. It happened in Denver before they left him Minnesota We all know that they've been played in Constantly against the number one team in the westerns of the box Off the track screen long pulls it back Round the length screen So on you need to set up your screen better. It's not just gonna be about the big set in assault screen You've got to love off the shoulder League mark season drop through Ending free agent next year Well, you look at Malik's career, right? What happened in in Charlotte? Here's lung Overlight for three tutters Bouncing up port Bob strikes it Leading the NBA triple doubles and double doubles and Rebounds Bobby White on the drive lays it off plan. That's over from time to Karuso. Here's the sumo White for three Not sit home and Mike Brown says You have to turn him in out of the time out here's Kobe White Was around the world and punches at home over Harrison Barnes workout stop Over to the water first touch first shot first result Chris George the three rebounded comes out to the team And the bulls with another opportunity from it with good post up position Here's Murray with 10 on the shot block to watch Slow steps at that deceleration So that face in themselves they have a little bit of a rhythm in a flow because it hasn't been ages since they they played Romance of it inside Pooch of it over so both a staunch defender active hands got that steal the sumo Downhill with a lane and not the game at 41 a piece with five It is Alex pollution that was really causing all kinds of problems for the Kings on the offensive side And it is leading to buckets on the other end Love the way the Tomas and Bob Newton tandem supporters gives it away to the other team Russo on the fly with the lefty lay scoring player for this bulls team this entire year because they have also been played within Inside raises up On those every single day I increased that three point range Murray thinking of three point range as well None of those It will be white got to the office So bonus with the rebound Line open in the corner month lines up the scenes and that Wilson basketball Murray Miss the layup to Artie retrieves it pulls the three why not Ready to collect the stops I think that is the difference in the first half they did a great job throughout the first 24 of just scrambling Looking again here's here in the third quarter another opportunity for Sacramento Fox for three You know last year so much better you did a great job you should Has made it over the top of the mountain subonus all the way over to Harrison Barnes and the corner executed to perfection Meanwhile, come clear out the side burles and bullies his way inside Murray with a nice move one more to the baseline No no question he wasn't gonna take any gambles. He's gonna throw that one down Barnes with impervious defense Sacramento He did almost seems like Fox has been purposeful about getting supporters Just as I begin to see it Is that because Deer and is getting him involved in that action? He doesn't have three or four bodies around him where he's having to work He's getting nine dime drops for Deer and Fox On the dry place it off To get the the threat the needle has and then the dump off to the dunker Back out to white for three Yeah, Mike Brown Are they looking at Bill Kennedy looking for the push-off? White flow game over land Pure20 Who Spot from Juliet of dillab since first fucking tonight Roses it against bars That's what all it starts doing to Lauren Corose and race is up. Yes, Zach coming off like 13. The Rosen in rhythm walks into the three. He doesn't take any of them. He's about to drop in miss. Bars, monkey inside line for the reverse. Good look. Now top box. Trying to stick them. The Rosen spins. Got it to go over. That was a ton less will cost. Making a great move. They kind of went under the radar. That here's Murray with three on the shot box. Spins. Got it to go. Bars. Rosen put his chest on Murray. Thanks. The Rosen has skills to pay the bills. Trying to walk down Siegenberg. Little second side action. Corusele inside. Billets with the layup. One move. And it's a spot. Scott to his strong hand. Put it on a platter, but couldn't finish. Here's white. Into the corner. Disselm will 42% three-boy shooter. Take simply tonight just his second. But they have momentum. Box inside. Supporters. Easy one. White work for Domas. He's got several. He's got eight offensive rebounds in the keys. Two locks. There's season high. The Rosen has to pull and wait in the clock. And he threads another one. Into the rain. Tract is sprayed out. Good verticality by Simone. It's herner with the reverse guy in the left. Holy was slick with it. White inside. And one. Kobe White. Well, go to the free throw line. And try and complete the three-point play. That's going to be the six-pound unsuppolous. White on the drive. Scores it. And we're not in it. One-on-nine. Up near Mid-Court. Murray on white. Got into the paint. Slowns down and leaves it in. Chicago has stormed all the way back. Is an 86% free throw. And that's the Padmoo's for Sacramento Kings. The Rosen with 32. Make a 33. We're looking for Murray on the flare. Box in the corner for three. It comes off and that'll do it. Billy Donovan Chicago bulls.