 The NBA Over 3 blocks per game. He just had 10 on Monday night and then the up the belts, 3 points. The Selling back to Drake Jones or 3 no good. B.J. Washington with the ball for the maps. Numbers. Luca attacking and through the San Antonio defense. Slices right through the school. What they would go to, they start missing the perimeter. We see really focused on getting to the paint. Luca with a nice. Potation or worsening of that situation. Just being smart. Poshes. Pass out the champ penny for a three pointer. The offensive on the operand. Yes. Impressed with the mask. That Derek Leidne has on tonight. The cell inside no good. Zach Collins do a cutting still hand with the offensive rebound and a champ. Luca long pass. Hardaway. That will help change the energy. Finally, a three pointer is on target for Dallas. Their first one is Semitazel. Wow. Yeah, it's such an impressive performance that night. He went right into the starting lineup and there he has stayed. When healthy and available to play, Leidne has changed the energy. He has some good defense there. Challenging that shot. Tim Hottaway attacking. Luca calling for. He's free for three. It's on the money. With 14. We haven't even played 14 minutes of the game. He hasn't played the whole 14 minutes that happened. Here's a pull-up made by Kyrie Irving. Yeah, heard able to bend off. Wempe. Deep into rebound for Dallas. Yeah, for that a career high time. 17 rebounds on Monday night. And his defense of rebound leads to a possession. No, they contested two saw consecutive possessions. They'll give it to you. They'll be able to mag it down. That's where he is impossible. You know, somewhere within the zip code. Yeah, there's a lost ball on the handle. Yes, they're going to Hardaway. And it's numbers and it's Blake Wesley. Violently hammering that home. He had a touch of the ball. Now here's Wempe and Yammer. And he kind of lost the ball and is still able to kind of spatted up there. 622, their road record. It's a night game rodeo, road trip before, and after the all-star break. It's full new. By a minute. Footwork, footwork. Yeah, that just looks like a guy on an airfield, but it's better. Kyrie inside. Wow. This is a dose of two pointers here by Kyrie Irving. My favorite end game dunk at history, the NBA. Oh, you're a bad man. He's our name in your ducts. When you land and then point fingers with both hands. That's a guy you just dunked on. Unbelievable. You also dunked by Sean Camp on the early nights. And he was at the height though. His frame man. Here's a new speaking of Ducks. Kyrie, who's been feasting on two-point shots here on the second quarter. Dangerous player when he gets in there. As we have seen. He's got launches in hits. But is able to maintain possession diving to the floor and directing the ball out to Kyrie. Kyrie organized, ready to shoot it after. Look, it got double. Drainow. Kyrie Irving. Impact the long-go fence. Now Kyrie is training to play. He's going to have a goal. It's Kyrie and Johnson. And that is a giant killer. Great Jones missed the runner in transition. Lidley bites Josh Green. He gave Dallas the lead. A moment ago. And Ritz and repeat. Hey, does it again. Well, well, the Mavericks try to get a shot up here in six seconds. Doesn't look like it. Spurs, by the way, have a foul together. Oh, give it go. Kyrie and Sy. The Picasso of the paint. Able to imitate. You know, defensively, I thought they'd pick things up. Now you want to see that carry over to this third quarter. Well, the man who licked the flame is still burning. Kyrie Irving inside. I'm surprised to see this. He's seven and fourteen for the floor. It feels like he's made a whole lot more than he's missed. And not even Steven. Four and three. Kyrie is on board. Wow. I want to see Paul Hogan as Josh Green. Oh, goodness. It would be a good defense. PJ Washington. Well, it is the Kyrie show here. As it's Luke and Lava, Crudanio Gafford. The man with the first vacation's knowledge of stats. Turn over San Antonio. That is a half dozen misgives. Four demands opponent tonight. Oh, another giant killer by Kyrie. I mean, we are seeing just an absolutely centulating performance. Well, the man who has a flip the script on San Antonio from down fifteen to in front by fourteen. Enduring in the face. They take yours. Stop it. And then Dallas is two fastest pace games this year. At a hundred and ten positions. Green, Gafford, shot, Luca. Yeah, baby. Game going into tonight. Over fourteen on three. And then it's a layup by Luca against Zach Collins. He's one of one. I'm cool with that. He's a QB one. Now PJ Washington, Dixon, loose ball. And there to clean the glass. That is the roof. Braze it. We have now seen almost a forty point swing in this game. Get it out of here. Yeah. He does get it out of here. Lightly swatze it away. Cabrits won the floor. And Zach Collins with a response. He blocks it. It's three miss threes tonight. So, hope for his last seventeen and one for his last twenty five on threes. And it ended in eleven and nothing run. But the Maverick starting another one with a quick look at threes. Sixth straight win. And to make it three and oh this year against San Antonio. And those are some dance moves. And some more. I'm going to down to a minute ten once in the third. PJ finds Derek lively, great off ball movement. And able to swither his way to a fairly open shot at the end. A good three or four five minutes to start this fourth quarter. And the staff thinking about vacation. Vacation but you know the chance to really keep the battle to the metal. Oh. And in your face three by Kyrie Irving. Yeah, for this late seventeen minutes six points along with those ten three times. And there's Kyrie Irving. Another defensive play. He has dislodged the ball from Wimby a couple of different times tonight. Shot fake party attacking and scoring. What a body contact on that. Smart suit. Gary again. The pump fake. Active hands. And Kyrie flips it up the head. And rewards the big front off. Daniel Gafford hammers one hole. And now a top shot. He's been doing it all night long. Deep Vincent rebound after a miss hook shot by Wimby. And Vince is one of the better teammates I've ever played with. Been a lot of time with him in New Jersey as well. Was an all-star with Vince on the team. Another Kyrie special by the way. It's a special guy. Vince Carter was such a great guy. I think the Bill Simmons narrative. Went out there and had another bucket for the match. Yeah, they may get a lot of buckets tonight. You get to say so broad. That's a scary point. And here he is again. And there's a skin sitter earlier. That's just that is impossible. In fact, they should make you take a laugh around the arena. Foking like the son of a basketball coach. And said that here is cardio. Nice and done to free himself for an open jump shot. Lee by 25 right now. You know, their defense is really going to get another boost here. Jake Hardy. It's a good stuff here. Next time, Dallas and San Antonio will cross paths will be done in the next two weeks. And then, they will cross make center in San Antonio on March 19th. Breakaway don't go up to see a low max. Two, but we're able to come back on that first quarter. It's good to see them really hone in and take it home. You can't start singing Kenny Chesney about your beach vacation. Until now, the buzzer in the suit. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach. I'm going to go back to the beach.