 You ready? You game? I'm game. I brought you by First Tech Federal Credit Union, the official credit union of the Portland Trebleisers. Visit FirstTechFet.com slash with a broken hand. Not determined if he'll be back in time to end the season with this ball club in the regular season. Quickly, could they get around Olympic? Here's Murray, driving rainy dip into the lane. Little jump up and in. Murray going out there, the rookie. Delano, just passed her come on. Catch shoot three up and in to Monday. Sorry, got four rebounds. Right back at it. Here it comes, right down the shoot to figure all it up and in. Four. They want to go high low to D.A. In front of the post, then off over the top to get him into the fade. And he just soon do that. He could not go out. He's a gear out. And to pass and then Gary Trent, don't you just redirect it to a teammate underneath the bucket. There goes that jumper. We were tired of free. Good play from quickly. No wrappers. Trent, pump, fakes, drives and the Blazers got caught in traffic. They did. Der Second pass towards the ball to Raww athlete who is coming backhand acápaya.trained Use consistent. The ball is up. Scoot now with it, working it down a four. Off the repair hook pass to Scoot. Into the lane, toss it up with one hit. Scoot and knocks it down. That's listening to himself between Matsus and the butter. Anytime that doesn't happen, the blazers want to take advantage of that by throwing that ball to that roller. Scoot faces up on Ushei and sticks a beautiful jump. It's hard for him to critical on those jumps. Ushei bounces in, loaded to the water, with ball movement by Toronto. and finally paying an office free and a liberty with a drop. Set this zone, find the open areas, see how they can get two Raptors defenders on the ball. Scoot does that on the dribble, makes the pass out. Delano catches in. Oh, oh. Man, this first half by already having two. Jordan Norah comes back to get a little separation. He's just come up with a quick rebound, and then they transition here with the four. Yep, yep. Clipal outside drills a three, but he's. Yeah, we'll show you. Eight reaches in, flips it. Hopefully get a two teammate. Brady Dick one dribble here in the second period off the high screens. Scoot into the lane. Wow, flex it up and in turns the body sideways to avoid a letting it stay down as far on the baseline as you can, because we're going to set a screen for you. And we want your defender, O'Linnick, to have to run up as far as possible to be in front. He needs somebody to hang all over Anthony Davis this summer. And Yonka, if he plays, he needs a big. There is Kamara at the rim for the two-hats stuff on the back to your camp. If you at least take a look at him, you know, does Delano still have time? You know that? That's what I wanted to know. You didn't have to finalize the loss. Oh, two bucks in a row. They go back to back. Trailing his trend. Kamara does a great job to slide. Literally to get in this way, but Trent sends up a circus shot in Baxon. Something like that, Cap, is opened up because of Deandre's ability to pop into the space. O'Linnick, two on one. He didn't know what to choose. And here he is again. Two money off of them for a second. 60, 70 feet from the basket. They want two money screened. So that they can breathe. And for quick, we understand why. Intended for Murray, intercepted by Gary Trent Jr. So the floor he comes into the land of the trees, the barn, the Kamara snuffs it. But look at the youngins on that plate. Chris Murray slowed the dribble down. He was in a stash the whole way. Tomati said, Chris, you did jump part. I'll do my part together. All offensive efficiency numbers have dropped. Going back to December. So where it is now, and March, as Tomati takes the bomb. Well, that's a combination. It comes off into the hands of eight. It's ripped away and controlled by Abhajit. On to quickly. Inside. That's a good look. Beautiful. To help on that plate, he does it right there. So Tomato gets an easy land. Find some pretty dick in the corner, backing down. Bounces the McDaniels. Quickly a three. Yes, sir. Manual quickly can do that. Lock and trail on that outside hip. Three pass. Gets it back. Slips the screen and knives it for two. He and Jam. We'll wheel it out of back court. Accelerate into the lane. He's into Bouchet passes up the free, gifted to Warren. We'll drive steady and score. That's good. We haven't done up it. No, he backed him out. He comes off the brush screen from Bouchet. As to court screw and sends him. Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Did you see after the shot, though? And a manual quickly going on. And it's Simon's who will drive it. Draws eyes. A two pass to Thibal. Wide open three up and in. Again with the eight of Bouchet. Inching back is eight in place. Perfect position defense. Gets an affliction and a pick. Blazers come the other way. A lead of six. With scooted to controls. Crossing over penetrating. Double clunching into the corner. It's Thibal for three down the hatch. Oh man. Yeah, that's a big hit. But scoot recovers. Brady Dick pumps in the following jumper. And it's 102 95 six. Looks like the Blazers are the switch into his zone here. Imagine up quickly into the lane. And it comes to a Brady Dick quickly. Retrieves to the corner, closing out assignments. But quickly gets it off and down. And their point guard and manual quickly were prepared to go a different look. D.A. Right down the block. School was able to retreat to the perimeter player on that other wing. And Toronto the whole time is at their time. Got the ball where they want. Which is what the Blazers down two positions. The Raptors operate 16 to shoot a minute 47 to play. Olinic takes it inside downhill to on one. Boucher the two hamchains. Yeah, but the ball with perfect timing. Wesley has a chance. Has a big on him. Nobody behind D.A. And quickly had a dead to rights. Check by Trent off the screen. Olin is the extra pass to five. Well, beneath the rimming. Tuxedo in on a lovely reverse. And a terrific look. That's the five. The rookie from Iowa giving it inside to Simon's. They try to contain the ball comes off of Boucher. Then off his side. It's in out of bounds. Get a color called Blazer basketball immediately. Simon's just said he actually beat him to the top. Boucher fans it on the way down and outside it comes to quickly. Picked up single coverage as eight switches on the ham. They bounce to Trent for the lead. A brief banging off the back. And up as Olinic keeps it free to Dick Hadel look at it. Tap that and tapped up and in by the man who goes down. Oh, no. Hurry. Roser toward the cup redirected. Oh, no. Oh, I didn't have it. Had it right at the cup. And injury right out the jump. And here he comes sliding right to the cup for the pass. Right at the rim for the dough. Yeah, coach Billips likes it. Do you get five or runs him off the three point? Art, he goes to work play makes him through it away. Simon's great anticipation right with Trent into the paint. Swings at a head to five. Well, look at that. Passed a pass into the air. Lazy and an avoiding two defenders. And the Blazers lead by four in the overtime. Spread floor for the Blazers. Boucher out on Simon's. He sees a double coming. Two late. Simon's losses of three. And the Blazer. And had a steam in the left hand. Double clutches later. The line. Oh, man. This time. So now the Raptors mass back up the way they want to be Simon's gets a double the bet for three. And the nail. Delano bad. Arena exciting plays from both teams. Simon using clock and eventually jabbed away quickly the other way to score. We're 30 seconds remaining. Without RJ Barrett and without Scotty Barnes. Yep. And Perthland. Three of the starters. Climb up top. Come on. Blazer snap a nine game home losing street. And the final tonight and overtime. Portland 128 and Toronto.