 You ready? You game? I'm game. Down against Op-D-I. Takes him to paint, swings the hook up in hand. I've loved that about trade, Jemisin. He loves that hook shot. Construct just barely able to reel it in. John Blockdown to 7. Jemisin against Poo-Rabali. The body's a bomb. Trade, another hook, another make. But you said you wanted him to shoot it some more. You did. Last guy I remember who shot a hook shot with relative frequency was Harvita Savonis-Jisper, got all the way to the rim. They drew big in the lineup. Can I? Cat Miss Jemisin. How about this? Trade Jemisin has lost six Memphis points. The Washington Wizards and Jemisin taking advantage early. Kuzma starts a drive, spins, half hook, dances and drops in. With the Grizzlies. Can I? Drives, pulls up, goes a tear drop, dances and drops in. As much experience under their belts as possible. Can I? It was four on the shot clock. Duckdown Jemisin. They go with another hook. No, he goes the other way and lays it in. John's a miss with a catch and shoot three. At a chance to catch up with Tyas before the game. Great look underneath Jemisin. Aldama has the size miss match against Tyas. He hooks, but air males are. I'll deal with the rebound. Able to turn the corner and take it all the way inside. Wizards average 114, which is middle of the packets. They're deepened to this. Been the issue. Hard drive, a hard step. A loud and the really free himself on that step back jump. Kispert, his three years in for he. Kispert, Jaron Jackson. And Jordan Poole hits out of the corner from three. He said, Grizzlies starting their 39 different lineup. 27 of the 30. Nine. Oh, Gigi Jackson is step-around continuation. Count it. Gigi's opening up a 10 point lead. Op. Yeah, finish underneath. So look out from behind. Buckler with the steal and finds out the up for the dunk. Both these teams struggle to shoot the three ball. Gabriel, who hit one earlier, stacks down and finishes getting a little physical. Who's above? Get physical inside. Yeah, there's no shot blocking for the Wizards. Gigi, against Kula Bolly, yes, in the final. Jemisin back on the floor, skip pass, extra pass, canard. Ball fake. Ball for Jemisin. Attack. Attack. Attack. Down to one. Conchard. Got it away. Tipped by Jemisin, offensive rebound. And Jemisin in his career. Four-team points. Conard, step back free. Bangalore. Look out. Conard's streak of games with a three-point make. Continues and more money for St. Jude Jordan, pool with a backhand in the lead. Conard now 22 consecutive games. Axis happening. And that's how both of these teams are playing at this point. Nice step for here by Kusna. Kusna. Kusna. Give him eight on the night. One Carlos Navarro had seven in his only year here in Memphis. Obdia. That means he's step-drawn. This is good season. Aldama, pocket pass. Jemisin, fully balled and a finish. Aldama. Jero. Give back. Saidee. No, follow. Wanyan Gabriel. Rizzi's average 45, they already are up to 42. Extra pass, a kiss for an angle three is in. Cory Kissford continues his hot shooting. He's a really good three-bounding guard from that point position. Good size at 6-4. He drives. Lime. For Jemisin. Jemisin with 18. Jemisin yelling at Goen. Something great past while he's shooting. Kusna. He got offensive rebound. Frashed into Jemisin. Got it back somehow. With the wizards and the Grizzlies are happy to have him as a two-way player now. Good win. Corner three, Pango. Good win. First, he'll goal of the night. Mix up his third rebound, but he's over seven from the floor. Kusna attacking. Kissford. It's again. Cory Kissford continues to sizzle. The risk has to contain side, identify on a deep inside. Good win. Got away from Tyus and laid it in. Knollard's three comes up short. Room service rebound. The conchart. Luke reloads and fills it up and down. Knollard is second three in the game. Try to wrap around Jemisin. It came to not. Loft for Kusma and Grizzlies timeout. Fifth assist for Tyus Jones on the night. They were doing in the first half, then they can again regain control of this game. Kusma drives, jumped down to Kissford. At a three-point possession, Aldaba. His three off the front eye of Doha Bale with a rebound. The other thing is that a heightened level of defense for his wizards team. The other thing I noticed here in the second half, a lot more standing or where. Yeah, the offensive been put a grizzlies in in that first half. Aldaba hits the half-point. Rebound jammed out to Kulabale, but it's intercepted by Knollard. A look at him from a downer to the flush. Great play by Knollard. Back down by Kusma, Kulabale has now hit two threes in a row after a... ...over five starts from downtown. Gigi with 15 off the bench crosses over against Poole. Aldaba with a pump-bake and a slam. Timeout, Washington. Nice response by the Grizzlies. But he's on the way because he shoots it so well from the front. He's been able to turn the corner, make plays for a teammate for those six assists. Kusma drives and reverses it in. I track to leave the NBA and assist to turn over racial again. Kispert, another three. Kispert five of seven. They're on the screen, it looks like all we should do right is next. Yeah. The hands are good. Grizzlies with the denial. Lobo Gigi! I'm the Rudy, Samuel Brockler's hands back door cut. Butler hears they would have reversed and finished. Finish early in his fourth quarter. Shot clocked out of six. Goodwin, Florida is in. Jordan Goodwin, made for Goodwin. Butler hits the floater. Here at Butler averaging four again. And the roll has semi-hole situation. It's not had a shot near the second half. Full throws up a wild shot and finishes. It's a ten-point game. On the Rudy, rips it away from Aldota. Break opportunity on the Rudy with the euro-step of the finish. It is an eight-point game. Full, Steine, eight to shoot. Kusma, on the attack and lays it in. Kusma, another twenty-point game. When he was with the pistons, not very much of it. When he was with the clippers and when the Grizzlies made the trade, he could be an effective playmaker. Kusma. Kusma with twenty-four, just the largest stepstay he raised was fourteen. Kanar drives, pulls out and hits. Luke Kanar in double figures with ten. Jamison makes both free throws. Twenty-two for him, a seven-hole Grizzlies run. Kulabali, from Airball, Displash, but you're right. He needs the corner three. He's free by Jamison. Goodwin keeps a lot for Jamison. He won, and he's in. Obdia lays it in and a foul on Aldama. Trade Jamison in career-high, twenty-four tonight, and time Kyle Kusma for Game High honors. Thank you.