 108 laydич peth elwedd i jrhyw religierau i Wja ditchai o sicl sŵtrane maeensitive o Falcon asfy. At fibre o'g semwhis Niceadf Baş Mil enhan. Dist about ang concentrated o'i wh belongs got f ரang retar. o Raphael Mart czyn foll di greasy ay bob ở Butterford Th del Sue infections will become לא Emer Little Mal помarricksto cy Bismedw canret of the Country. Llew ei siarud y guitar ac Rysort Husley Dw′nej hollau Couldnaeth felly rhait. Felly mae peblane veits y Star- exceptie or f wyk pintwnau to wedi inf thu. tasterafy. The profoundly negative impacts on children are especially devastating. And your Government will today vote to inflict that damage on them. Tituch, I would ask you to reverse your decision but you have already told me that you are not returning. So can you clarify, when did it all go wrong? When did your housing policy begin to unravel? 2020-23, January this year, the year in which we'd more first time buyers, buying their first home than any year since records began in 2010. Surely that's something that you can acknowledge is progress. I don't know who you're trying to kid. I don't know is it opposition? Is it the electress or is it yourself? You told us recently that you turned a corner on housing. We've been listening to you say that since 2014. Nine years of turning corners. Tisha, you should be clear to you by now that you're not turning corners, you're blatantly going around in circles. For nearly a decade, you've claimed to have the answers for housing disaster. Every year for years, you say things are about to improve. People just need to be patient. You just need a bit more time. It's the opposition's fault. The reality is you don't even believe it yourself. You say you can't extend the eviction ban until next year because that defers the crisis. So in other words, you don't believe the situation will have improved. In fact, you say it would be worse. So nothing, you say you could do in the coming year would be enough to make a difference. If that isn't an indictment of your government's approach to housing, I honestly don't know what is. Tisha, your housing policy is a failure, which is causing devastation and trauma all over the country. When will you admit this? My last response, I acknowledged the housing crisis and the housing emergency and the impact that's having on people. I think I've acknowledged that many times. And I continue to do so because I think it's important to do so and right to do so. Deputy, I haven't said that we've turned the corner on housing crisis. I've never said that. The Tanishda said that we've turned the corner on new home construction. Which clearly is a different thing and is correct in that regard. But, Deputy, when I see posters for your party, I see the three things that you say is done for. And one of the things is honest politics. Deputy, it's not honest politics to falsify quotes or misquote me or to misrepresent the Tanishda. That is not honest politics. We're hoping for different types of politics from you and it's clear that we're not going to get that from you, unfortunately. Certainly, Deputy, it's not my intention or desire to try to deceive anyone. I set out some facts and they are facts. Why did so hard of you acknowledge that? 30,000 homes built last year, more than any year in 15. 8,000 social houses built last year, more than any year in your lifetime or mine. And more first-time buyers, more first-time buyers, buying their first home in January of this year than any year since 2010. Is it because you don't want those things to be true?