 My question is between the 18th of November and the 8th of December has the situation change whereby you can speak to a media outlet but you cannot speak to an Aroctus Committee under privilege. So can I answer that? Definitely. Just be clear. Well, I'm sorry Mr. Farley. My question was to Mr. Keenan. Yes, there is. I'll bring you in after if that's okay. There is. I don't want to say any more than there is a process underway which we can explain. That's fine to say there is a process but can you speak to the dates? The 18th to the 8th? Is there a significant difference in your position? Yes. Okay, so when did that, what was the date that that commenced? Okay, so I'm not getting into the regulatory process but I need to individually discuss that. Well, you might have me speak now, please. Mr. Farley, would you really not need to take that tone with me? I'm just trying to get to the bottom of this. You're taking a particular tone. Okay, go ahead. So just to be clear, what is in the examiner? Some of the articles in the examiner aren't necessarily what we're saying, I've said. There's an awful lot of information being put out in the examiner. We got loads and loads of questions from particular people. So Mr. Farley, we're talking about a particular article now. So we're talking about a particular article. Are you saying then that nobody from the Mental Health Commission gave information around the fact that you are confident that the HSE services are in place to uphold residents' rights and ensure appropriate safeguards? We're not saying that. We're saying the obligation is under HSE to have those things in place for all residents. Okay. So what people a journalist takes and then puts in an article isn't necessarily what we say. Well, somebody did speak to that then. All residents, that's the point. All residents are required to have a report on it. Mr. Farley, can you take my point? Okay, so can I just answer? I am not going to prejudice. There are capability to ensure that the residents and the people in all in the corridor get the best they can from us. Can I just say, we have to hurry to leave this? Mr. Farley, you referred to all in the corridor. I'd actually, that's not true. I don't know if it was you who gave this quote, but all in the corridor is referred to by yourselves. And I'm trying to get to the bottom of why I have many, many questions. I just finished my sentence. I have many, many questions about what we have started this process by saying, you have started this process saying we're not talking about Oana Kura. And I'm trying to get to the bottom of why is that the case? Because the normal practice of the committee is if you're going to come in and say, I'm not talking about that. And it would be completely normal for committee members to cite examples in their lived life event, how this is all working out. That would be completely standard. But from your point of view, the standard practice is for you to notify the committee that there is some legal reason why that can't be. And to outline that for the committee, that is not the case here. You cannot come to a committee and say, oh, there's something regulatory going on. We're not talking about it. No, I'm sorry, committees don't work that way. And you don't get to come in here and say, we're not talking about that. You have to give reasons, actual reasons. Okay. Well, thank you for your comments. Can I just say, we understand and appreciate this is a time of significant change for residents and staff in Oana. Thank you. You said that. This committee has a terms of reference that we've come in to help the committee. Which is about decongorgated settings, which is what is happening at an end of the course. So it is within the terms of reference, Mr. Farley, I don't want you to imply to this committee that it's not within the terms of reference because it absolutely is. Okay. We don't want to be drawn into comment, conjecture or discussion on any individual center as it could prejudice any regulatory and the enforcement reduction. Which regulatory and enforcement. I'm just asking you to outline what the regulatory enforcement is. I'm just saying we're not. So you cannot provide any evidence that there is any actual regulatory enforcement. I believe you, by the way, Mr. Kuhn and that there that is occurring. But you cannot come to a committee and say that with no evidence. You have to provide us on evidence. Why do you think you're, well, why call none? Do we have to come along and give you a word? I am asked. I am asked. An iraqtous committee that has a statutory footing and you have privilege when you sit in here and it is very serious and what's happening to those people are very serious. So you can be flippant about it if you want but it's very serious. And if you're going to come in here and say you're not going to talk about it, do us that gleeced the courtesy of explaining why that's all. What we've talked about. My time is up, Chair. I'll hand back to you.