 In the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, an elderly couple passed away at the rural home in County Tipperary. Their bodies would remain undiscovered for a year and a half after they died. It was a story which made national and international headlines. In part, due to the money on answered questions surrounding their deaths. Now, new information has come to light. Locals in Clanine, near Clanmel, believed that retired C. Captain Nicholas Smith and his wife Hilary had moved to France and they had absolutely no idea that their bodies were inside their home. The couple were so much reclusive and they had lost all contact with their families many years beforehand. Nicholas, who was found in his bed, died of natural causes. The cause of death of his wife could not be determined. An inquest returned open verdicts. This was because the circumstances, surrounding their deaths, could not be fully explained. A coroner said that while there was no evidence that they had been shielding from the COVID-19 pandemic, it was apparent they intended to withdraw from society. There were many quirks to the case. Not least, the Guardian found no evidence to support assertions made by Nicholas Smith that the couple were moving to France. Now, new information has emerged. This is in the form of a toilet letter which is found in the house by Guardian and pieced back together by a Guardian handwriting expert. It showed that the couple appeared to have significant concerns about the healthcare available to them in Ireland. Both had been suffering from a range of health issues but it was clear from the letter that they strongly distrusted doctors. The couple claimed that elderly people were at risk from physicians and that they should never have set foot in Ireland. It indicated that Hillary Smith appeared to be resigned to dying. At one point in the letter, she says that she and her husband were perfectly healthy when they came to Ireland and that it was so sad and cruel to end this way. The letter also indicated that she was in poor and a very poor physical state around the time she died. She describes herself as being weak due to lack of food.