 Whenever Darro O'Brien made his announcement that they were going to give a 100% redress to here, we were absolutely delighted. I mean, it was something that was needed to have happened that through no fault of our own our houses have been damaged by deleterious materials. But since that, there's been absolutely nothing done, you know. I put in my application 17 months ago, you don't have to go out into council, there's an online, and everything's been all through. But I haven't heard a thing from them. And when you're ring up to see what's happening, tell you, it's worth our technical. Nobody has ever come back to me and said, look, we're your number five or we're dealing with it, or you should hear something back. You hear absolutely nothing, and that's so disappointing. I have two hard attacks and I've had a cardiac arrest. And my curriol just told me that to have no stress in my life and also to make sure that I keep warm. I haven't made it, obviously, means that you're going to have a lot of stress in your life. And you're going to be very, very cold. Temperatures are very, very cold. In medication, I'm on. You have to, if you're heating on and you have to keep a certain level of warmth. The HSC tells us that for somebody in poor health, you need to be 20 or 21 degrees. And 11 room, I struggled to get that even with the big heating system that I have. I have to get the oil on five hours a day. I burn 500 liters of oil and say five weeks. And I'm continuously tapping up the coal bunker. You know, I would say that I had spent 200 euro a week between oil and coal. And on the pensioners income, that's quite difficult to manage. Very, very difficult to manage. We shouldn't be the gutter of our age. You know, we shouldn't be the gutter at all. We've been living in our house for 16 years now. We built it in around 2000. And let me thank eight when my second oldest daughter was born. We first got our report, Pident 2020, which told us our house was condemned. And we're still at 2023 now. So I suppose the biggest update is we got our latest letter from our engineer to say that like our ceilins were cracking. Now we've bison slab, so it could be at risk of sudden collapse. So I suppose it's just very difficult because we're still living in it. My seven children are still living in it. They're sleeping on a cracking ceiling, playing underneath a cracking ceiling. So I suppose our fear is that are we taking a risk with them? You know, that's hard. It's very difficult for us to put. And then the other thing is, as well as my youngest, well my second youngest girl, she's referred to as my clinic because she has continuous cough. And now, in fairness, it's good but better now. But like we've molded in the house. We've got mold residue around the windows, which is obviously having a significant, you know, the risk of it having a significant effect on them. And you know, you have those gilds that you're, you know, we work hard. We build a house for our family. Yet they're not living in safe environment. They're not living in a healthy environment, even though we work every hour. My children are paying around the street, but there's debris falling off our house. So it's taken that risk on them. And you know, they're mental health and growing up in a house that is just falling apart. My little daughter said to me last day, was my house, is there a house broken now? You know, so it's, they understand on their level, but it's just as hard as a parent to let hear it when you put all your money into it. So we're advised to get out of the house a year ago. And we're still in it now. We have the money from the government for emergency accommodation. It's not easy to find somewhere and the price of renting, the money will be gone in less than 10 months. So we're going to get a mobile home, put it in the garden, but it's so difficult to do that because we have to get the garden.gov to fit a mobile home in. We need to get a crane to put it over the house. And we need to connect the sewers and and that costs all cost money to get done in the in the garden, just for us to live in the house. So the support we've received so far is that we are one of the houses that has received emergency accommodation money. But then we're left to ourselves. We have to sort every single thing out ourselves and there is no support in Donnagall from the council. And there's no support now from the government to help us. We have to do everything literally on our own.