 Well, he was first giving me a look, quite normal dress reasonably well. He looked around the shop and there were a few customers coming and going and also a supplier. And he was looking at his jewelry and you know, he wouldn't hit him much heat to him because he was... That's what we're here for, is to show the jewelry, you know. And he looked at... he didn't want to be requested after people had gone out. He requested to have a look at different items and the fort item he looked at, just standing behind me here and he was looking in the next scene. First thing I knew was I got a belt in the head from nowhere. Obviously, he wasn't looking at him in that direction thinking of that happening. And so I suppose it was a slightly days and we pushed me back or we went back anyway. I don't know, can't remember, we're pushing it but the struggle developed immediately and we ended up going into the back room and struggling in the back room for... It seemed like an eternity but it was probably only three, four minutes. And in the middle of the struggle, I didn't realize what he hit me with a gun. And the first thing I saw was the gun was in the middle of the struggle. And so I kind of hold it, go to the good, all the gun. And there was a struggle for the gun. I got lots of cuts over the gun more than 19 hours as well. I got about 10 belts on the head and then the gun floated over behind the counter. And at the same time, as that happened, my wife in the next door, she's a flower shopening store, her locomotion, her Lurabooja. And she came to the door and she said I think was lock him in. That seemed a good idea. And I got a Jewelers hammer, which is not a very heavy hammer, unfortunately. And at that stage, I collected that from the back. And as I went out the door, then he forced his way by my wife and I out the door. And he ran down the street, we happened to go in the air. And we didn't see him since. He was in his mid-20s shaved head. He had a cap on, which I got off, which we held. And he had a big shopping bag, which he left behind him. The obviously the shopping bag was to bring away the loot. So all that was left behind. So all his evidence, the fingerprints, very weak for video cameras in the shop. Very good forecast of the Exxon forecast. And how you feeling since we can see, obviously there's some injuries there. How you being yourself? Probably more alert than ever. It's got a number of stitches in my head. And they're coming out this Friday. And we see how it goes. But it's not great. Nothing permanent from that to say. And you're very brave. Did you think afterwards was I a bit mad to try and tackle them? I don't know. I didn't really see the gun. We're in the middle of the tackle. And I'd known it turned to the stage anyway. I didn't have a choice in the matter because the gun was hit at the head with the gun before I knew anything. And the next thing is, I was in the struggle and looked down and there was the gun. So I instinctively went for the gun. And I was in the heart of the earth because we were at close quarters. And that's it really. I mean, we don't think about it. We're trying not to think about it either. And anywhere from the Guardian since any joy? Well, the Guardian is a very good door here in the spot immediately. We're here within minutes. In fact, the first person in the door, I think, after my wife and the few of the people on the street passers-by, was stood and looked in and that. And they were very good as well from that point of view. The gun, they couldn't reach it when you ran out with the gun. But the guards were here. And the first person I see on the scene was the local superintendent. He was actually in the town at the time. And he was first here. Even before the 20 spot cars arrived. He was on force. And he was just happy to be in the town. I was consolation. I suppose you see him walking in the door immediately after the happening. And there was another incident that we're understanding last year as well? Yeah, you see, this is the first time we've had a sort of a violence start ever. It was really interlary either for that matter because it's something that's associated with New York or London or something like that. The West End or something. But the opposite is everything's been shoplifting. And it's something that you always blame yourself for. If there's shoplifting, if there's a success for you know, you say it. My fault or whoever was shot at this, whoever was shot. It's usually a lapse. And I wouldn't mind with this time. I was very careful in one item at a time. You know, I had quite a conscious of the withdrawal of the rules and still didn't work. But at the same time, the worst we ever had in the past was shoplifting. We never had anything like this. We're here in 30, 30 years. And we never had an incident like this. And it only has been incident like this really around the area. Because it's fairly peaceful. You know, I mean, when the smallest presented a crime in the full of the Dublin, greater Dublin areas in the Lairies, when I point of view. But he was not a local and he came out from the city. He didn't come. He was a loner by the looks of it. And he came from the city. He was based in the city, not. But it was very unusual for around here because the crime around here is basically shoplifting. And I mean, you take measures. I think we're fairly soundproof as you can be on shoplifting. But we weren't expecting a goal. But it hasn't put you off anyway. You're clearly not concerned. No, no, no. I've been too tougher. That's pretty effective in your Brazil. That is very cute.