 We're still a long way from getting any real results here in the Ords, but with all the tallies behind me finished, we do have a clear picture of the state of the parties. And I think it's fair to say that people in Finnegale are a little bit giddy, until Tishok Simon Harris is in a bunker somewhere ringing candidates around the country to congratulate them on what he sees as a very good day. In the Ords, they will lose seats from where they were in 2019, but they may well come out with more than 200 and be the biggest party in local government. For Finnegale, well the word that people in that party keep using is competitive. Meal Martin is very quick to rubbish opinion polls all the time, and they will say that they are going to do better today than the opinion polls had been suggested in recent weeks and in recent months. So they may lose their title as the biggest party in local government, but it will be pretty much neck and neck with Finnegale. It looks. But the big story of this election so far is the non-surge of Sinn Fein. It has been a soon for some time now that Mary Lume Actonald was on her way to the Tishok's office at the next general election, but on these results she's as far away from that as ever. To give you one example, in her own backyard of Cabrote last nevin, Finnegale looked to be coming home with 18% versus Sinn Fein on 17%. That is hugely worrying for the Sinn Fein leader. The party will make gains overall in terms of seats, but that's largely because they had a disaster in the local European elections in 2019 when they got just 9.5% of the vote. The Green Party seemed to be defying the Ords a little bit. Their local election vote is holding up, but their 2 MeB candidates are in serious trouble of losing their seats in Brussels. Meanwhile, the other big topic to campaign was the surge of independence. And yes, there has been a turn towards independent non-party candidates. How big will that be? The count will tell because transfers are key to that. But what we can probably say is that there hasn't been a huge number of hardwriters, far-right candidates, who are going to be in the final mix. Yes, I would predict that in Dublin City Council, we will get one or two candidates who come with an anti-immigration message. And there will be pockets like that in different councils around the country, but it's fair to say it hasn't been a landslide.