 The box has been opened, the ballot papers are being organized, the tallies are being counted, and this is the lie of the land so far. In the local elections, government parties are quietly confident from the tallie count so far, with even the green party outpolling the opinion polls. Sinn Fein appeared to have picked up some extra seats in the local elections, which no doubt Mary-Lume Act Donald will be happy about, but it's yet to be seen if they've actually ran too many candidates this time around. In the tallies this morning in the local elections are definitely pointing towards an independent surge across the country, with possibly some right-wing candidates about to show their faces for the first time in local councils nationwide. In the European elections so far, the tallies have been counted, but with some difficulty, simply because when the ballot papers were coming out of the boxes, they were so physically long it was so difficult for the tallie men and tallie women to gauge a sense of what was going on in the European so far today. But for sure, Fina Foll's Barry Andrews has a seat for the Dublin constituency for the European Parliament, which Fina Foll will no doubt be happy about. But there is a dogfight due for the other three positions for Dublin. In the Ballet Mon area of Dublin's north side, such was the popularity for Sinn Fein's Lynn Boylin in the European elections that tallie men and women had to get a second sheet to keep count of her votes as they came out of the box. It's certainly a popularity in that area, but it remains to be seen if she will have that strength across the Dublin constituency. And overall, what's been quite interesting so far today is the nature of the spoiled votes. Ireland Editor Finaun Sheehan out in the RDS spotted on multiple ballot papers how people had continued their preferences across from their local election sheet, the European and vice versa, possibly showing a misunderstanding or a lack of understanding on how these two elections were to run together and how they were to run alongside each other this weekend. And you can follow all the latest election news from around the country on the Aus-Intend website this weekend.