 The new map for the next general election has been published. It proposes that we will have 174 TDs spread across 43 constituencies, but there are wide-ranging implications for the entire country. Philip, what's the main development that we're seeing in this new boundary commission report done by the Electoral Commission compared to what we have at the moment? Yeah, so look, this is the first of its kind. This is the first real proper act of the Electoral Commission that was just established this year. And they have been tasked with reviewing the boundaries for every constituency in the country, ahead of the next general election, wherever they may fall. The main point, like you said, is that the country will be going from voting for 160 Dullseats to 174 Dullseats, and that will also include the number of constituencies in the country increasing from 39 to 43. There's wide-ranging changes. The booklet itself says that 82% of constituencies have got changes. There's only seven constituencies which will remain completely unchanged, and they would be clear, court-side-west, Dunigall, Dublin Central, Kerry, Limerick County, and Waterford. So in terms of winners and losers, you'd have to say the housing minister, Darryl O'Brien, who'd have gone any better for him? Now he'll be rubbing his hands together. He has his new Fingal East constituency, which he'll be more than happy with. It's a tree-seater. It's gone from a four-seater of Nugal Fingal into a tree-seater. So that'll be all his... He's a Leo Radker. Also won't exactly be displeased by it, will he? Well, he won't be displeased, but there could be a lot of pressure on him. The Dublin West constituency, which is not only home to Leo Radker, but also the children's minister, Roderick O'Gorman, sports minister, Jack Chambers, Anders Shinfane, TD, there as well, Paul Donnelly. So that's gone from a four to a five. A T-Shock traditionally has to bring in a running man. Exactly, not the number they do. No, excuse that. Exactly. But nonetheless, we look at it and we go, it'll probably be Shinfane when that's a... But it does put pressure on Leo Radker. It does. He's never done it. He's never done it. He's never done it for as many times he's run. He's never brought in anybody. It is something, I think, that a lot of party leaders would always feel that if they... You know, it's a challenge that they haven't really got on top of if they can't, if they haven't done it. In Carc so central. Now, this was a four-seater. In Hallmark and the Michael McGathey Finance Minister have against all odds held those two seats, you're in the finale, perhaps. That's now gone up to a five, me, Hallmark and Michael McGathey, unified. So they're pretty happy as well. Yeah, that'll be, you know, business as usual. You know, the ticket is going to be, it's going to be the two. You'd expect them both retain their seats given not their long standing in the constituency and their current positions in power. Simon Colvney is there. You know, he has brought in a running mate in the past and Jerry Bauer... Get a little later. We'll have to bring back a little later. Really, to us? I don't know. He'd hard to see what it is expect that it will be actually Donaco Lira who brings in a running mate this time for the extra seats. Speaking of Shinfane, so in Donigal, it was a remit. The end as a five-seater. And again, the County boundary is broken by the Shannon and Ondorn stay in Slego, laterum. Probably would have been hoping there from a Shinfane perspective to go up to six seats, two three-seaters. Perst already at one end part of it, locking the other boat running in, bringing in running mate, it didn't happen. No, and that's one of the kind of contradictions in the report and that, you know, they say that one of the things like you suggested is that they want to maintain these county boundaries. So people can vote for their communities and for their areas and for their local authorities. But these communities have been chiseled away under their sit-in-down, Slego, Leacham, Donohood or local authorities, probably at this point. And yeah, and it'll be this point in news for Donigal, but for Shinfane, but you would expect that the two T-Ds you mentioned there, Park McLaughlin, Perst already will keep their seats and possibly even bring in a third. Let's go to the, this intriguing development in Wicklow and Waxwood. So it gets divided in three basically, those two, no, our reflection of the growth across the board. So we now have Wicklow as a four-seater. But we've got five T-Ds already based there. Yeah, look, that's going to be a difficult one for them. You essentially have two constituencies which were 10, two-fives of Waxwood and Wicklow, which have become three constituencies of 11. So like you say, there's the Wicklow, Waxwood and Wicklow, Waxwood. So in the Wicklow, which is more the southern part of Wicklow, obviously, it is kind of stacked with T-Ds. So like you've got Simon Harris based up there. You've got Stephen Droneley. These guys are all based up in Northern tip of Braygres. North, I don't say yes, sorry. Braygres, on the Darkline, you've got Stephen Dunley, the help minister, Simon Harris, the Florida education minister, John Brady of Shinfane, Jennifer Whitmore, of Social Democrats, and Stephen Mathews of the Green Party. All five of them up there, little pocket up in art. Now one of them has to lose. Yeah, and look, I'd be allowed to pick the one at the moment because it's actually... It'll be quite a fight, but I'd say it could be down to Stephen Dunley and Stephen Mathews. That's where it could go. But it remains to be seen. Look, like Stephen Dunley's definitely he's got in a prompt position. He's bringing about his reforms, and... But it is a tough task. In terms of people being disenfranchised, you'd look at Sean Sherlock. himself and his father, Dele Joe, in Carkeys, represented that constituency for the best part of 60 years, suddenly Sean Sherlock ends up in Carc city, in Carc Narc Central. Probably has come off worst out of the whole region. Yeah, that's a tough one. He did well to battle to keep his seat in the last election. And it is true out like the decline of Labour. He's been wounded as hell, don't you? He based in Malau, and it's very much his home turf fortress city there. Yeah, the name is known. The name is well known, and now he finds himself in a difficult situation. So probably one of the people who will have tough decisions to take. It is a tough decision to take, but it is a five-seater as well in Carc Narc Central. So if the work has been done there, if there is councillors and another's base in the constituency who could help with the... Mission of Labour vote as well in the Northside. Exactly. So yeah, it's not end of days. It's not end of days, but it's tricky form. In terms of other people just losing bits and pieces, on the south side of Dublin, we had this situation where either one side or the other of the Donnayr Ratdown County was going to get a seat. It's gone to Dublin Ratdown. So Josepha Madigan and Neil Richmond are already there. They hold two out of three. That's gone up to a four. But Jennifer Carol McNeil is in Donnayr Rat. She was looking to get it a second seat there. But there's been changes there that probably don't suit her. Yeah, look, it seems as if the commission has gone out her way to make posh constituencies even poshure. Yeah, in that Dublin Ratdown, like you say, which is a tree-seater, also includes Couch and Martin of the Green Party, that they're going to get areas around Fox Rock, which is one of the most affluent areas of the country. I would have suited Jennifer Carol McNeil and Donnayr had those votes with no, they're going into Dublin Ratdown. Similarly, with Dublin Bay Sells, not huge amounts of changes, remains a four-seater, hugely, hardly contested constituency. But that's going to lose elements of Kimmage, which more so the southern end or western end of the constituency, which it's hard to see who that will play into. But it probably isn't the most affluent part of that constituency, but it wouldn't be one of the lower classes either. You held from that corner of the city yourself? Well, I'm more of a Dublin-seater, Westman. So it's okay. So there's also a development here that probably won't suit small parties. And that is we've had an increase. So we've got four extra constituencies. And we've gone up by four in terms of the number of tree-seaters. So just explain, why do tree-seaters suit bigger parties? Tree-seaters, because there's less transfer in essentially, that's your Hitchin numbers, you get over the line, and it's gone. It's almost more that with the lower constituencies, the smaller parties, they'll get a few transfers here and there and everywhere, and hopefully that'll push them up over the line. And there is going to be a bit of backlash on that, because there has been an increase in the five-seaters. There's a few knocking around there now in Mayo, is gone up to five. Where else can they learn North, the long-for-noose meat, or the regular North? So look, that'll play into the more established parties' hands. Carthage Central, Carthage Central, yeah. Exactly. So those ones, the smaller parties, will be hoping that people get over the line quickly, and they get distribution of their resources. Essentially, the main point they'll be making I would think. All told, what is your overall verdict? I'd say that it says they conservative, probably not the dramatic re-draw of the map that we were perhaps. It's not an overall blank canvas draw of the map. It's more tweaking here and there. Yeah, and you would also suspect that, like I said, 82% of constituencies saw changes. It's all being quite conservative and given the growing population day by day with everything, just general demographics and the increase in migrants coming here, is that they haven't really future-proofed for what future elections will be. So in fact, come the next election, there's going to be more dramatic changes again, because the population will have a double bound. So plenty to digest over the common days, and you can keep posted on all the developments on independent.ai.