 I don't really have much to say as it was the main thing really to say is that I do think it's very important that the journalists and the media are fair and equitable in the reporting of this matter. And in particular, I'm thinking of the disciplinary meeting that was how the week and a half ago. And it's well reported that I object to that meeting and I did because it was devoid of not just a few procedures, but certain journalists and media outlets really have taken upon themselves to paint my objection to that meeting in a very... really in a very dark light and in the darkest possible use. And at the same time, they have not... they have neglected to ask the questions that they should be asking, which are... why did the listers from the case of case in current seek to direct or seek to conduct that meeting? And the public may not be aware that that's absolutely unlawful. It's not provided for in the circular, which covers matters relating to teachers. And yet we have the listers from the case in current, one of whom was purporting and this is a purport to just finish meeting as far as I'm concerned. And also that the chairperson of the Board of Management John Rogers was not there at that meeting or that day. And yet the very next day he could be there in the school when I was being handed my dismissal notice. So these are the questions that journalists should be asking. They should be asking why is this allowable that a school can dismiss the teachers solely because of their religious beliefs? Is it allowable for a principal, in this case principal Lee McShane, to demand of staff that transgenderism? So those are questions that the journalists should be asking. Journalists have a very important job in a democracy obviously. That's investigates of journalism. And that's journalism where there isn't enough secrecy to the establishment and the people who have the power on the influence. But there's a willingness to participate in a right manner giving both giving the full truth and allowing justice to work its course. Thank you.