 How quickly was it after you arrived that you first went to Toronto? So we got here on the tours tonight. It would have been a Friday morning when we went to our first roundhouse, so I was straight into it. And what was that like for you? It was okay for me, I'd been here before so I could kind of use it now. But first time as I said, it would be more of a shock to them. But don't click the same thing out of the way. And can I ask yourself, you're finishing up now, you're going home shortly. How are you feeling about this? Mr. Tubby, this is their three weeks. And how are you feeling about this? I'm in the air for 17 days so it's going to be a shock to me. I'd like to give you a speed of eye. It's going to be hard. It will be, yeah. Plain to back 70 seconds as a speed of, after all the four, three years in the air. So you're going to be retiring then obviously? Yeah. And what are you going to do, are you going to have any plans and retire them into it? You don't know yet, maybe. No, it's not. How many times have you been abroad with the defence forces? Yeah, 13 times. Okay. And what about your son being here now? Any worries about him or are you just happy that he's been trained properly and every little girl? Yeah, this is like, I've already served twice with Nathan overseas. And I'm always capable of self. And the worries. Where did he serve together before? We served her twice here together already. Has it been a good life from the defence forces? Yeah, I have to say, I'll be honest. I love it. What do you love about it? Every, you know, if you're into a fitness, it's a great job. For the last time, getting to see the world. You know, I've been to Africa twice, Liberia, Chad, I've been to Syria, I've been to Lebanon nine times, I've been to Kosoah. You know, so I've got to see the world. Is there any, sorry, is there any just personal moment of six out of three as a highlight that you'll remember forever? Obviously, you visited some incredible countries and locations. Liberian Chad is where I really soldier. I liked it. I've a soldier there. So what? What did you remember? I'm a soldier. Yeah. I'm wrecking qualified. So in Liberia, I was the wrecking between the Syargon. And I actually done every patrol. I worked 10 kilometres ahead of the main company through the jungle of Liberia. And I wrecked the area for the companies coming, following me through. What was that like? Can you describe that? It was, from what we've seen, it happened. It was scary. You'd be gone through the jungle and then you'd see the rebels and other checkpoints. So we used to stop short and we'd made a job then to walk forward and train in Chaddren. Were they heavily armed with the rebels? They went up and rifles, yeah. So I had to hand the thing to rifles put up behind her back. That there was a full company of men coming behind. And they might take kindly to point the rifles up. What would, how would they react when you gave them those orders? They've already heard it. There was a UN radio station set up out there. And they were broadcasting every day. And telling that the UN were coming to hold and to turn it to sling their arms. And they did. And they said they did. What was the closest, the kind of heriest experience that you had out there in those circumstances? The heriest I had was actually here. Really? Yeah. They was with the 80 turbid had up. The old Shamrock were there. They were firing mortars from behind Shamrock as cover. And I was the BMR at that time. So we were called out by Shamrock. BMR, say. They had to move by reserve. And we got called out. I was there, I see the patrol. And we actually, they were still there. So there was a standoff for nine hours. And there was an arch, RPG fire over heads. And a few, a few couple of five, five, five, six and that. How close did they get to you? We were, we are here now. I don't know. What year was that? That was in 1998. 90, yeah. Why has this mission been for you? It's your last mission, how's it been? Every mission. And actually, look, to do my job, I've done different jobs. You missed different jobs. So if I'm here, come overseas, get on. That's how you do. Are you proud of your son? Yeah, super. How does that?