 I did, I've been can cause twice in my career and that's over a long period of time, that's kind of 13 or 15 years and recovered fully from it, you know, had good, had good support and care through that time. But I think, I think the game is evolved and off last and I think in particular in women's game as it goes from amateur to professionalism, the kind of medical support and understanding of SNC and daily training environment allows players to be kind of physically in the right environment to be able to cope with the demands of the game. Yeah, what were the symptoms you had when you had a landing on? I didn't really have any symptoms afterwards to be honest, I think just at the time we just got a knock on the field and would have known about it, what was taken off in both times and then recovered afterwards. So I think there's just screening tools now with regard to what happens when you get a knock with your scan test and so on and that would follow those protocols with the medicals. And yourself, Marcus? Yeah, I suppose I played in the amateur era and then into the professional era so I've definitely seen things change but I definitely had a view concussions myself and I suppose in the early days it was a case of carry on but no it's the care that's there is very different and it's really, really impressive how it is evolved so quickly and even from my time playing I was, you would have been stood down if you had concussions so that was over a sharp period of time to be able to do that and where it is now with all the care that's there is Lin Wasey and I think that's really, really important. It's acknowledged that there is concussion issues there but it's the care and looking after people and particularly for our past players afterwards that alleviate any of the worries they might have about the future so that's the key to it is just education and making sure the care is there. How do you hope these new measures, the new brain service will work for players? I think it will inspire players to take care of their own health. I think for most people particularly men that probably don't go to the doctors frequently as they should but I think when you have something in place like this where it's easy to access, the test can be done in the comfort of your own home. I think it's more accessible now for all our members and making sure that people use it and then I think wouldn't you get one or two, certainly use it, they spread the word themselves and I think that's the key because there's a community there that still look out for each other and look after each other and that's where the strength of it is really. Lin, have you tried any of the tests yourself? Yeah, I'm still to do the tests but from what I understand is they're quite tricky and I think that's part and parcel of the education process that you go through so if for example through the tests, if it's quite challenging to remember something in 60 seconds whether it's no vegetables or fruits begin with F or whatever. I think the process of you recognizing in that time that this is quite difficult is actually demonstrating really good executive functioning. The idea being is that if you have results even haven't gone through tricky tests and the results are quite normal, I think that will reflect that your brain health is quite positive and you're being reported on that true or P.I. and true or G.P. and in the right place if there was any abnormalities that were to come up. So I think that's probably part of the education process. I think us realizing that when we forget our keys or if something happens it's not to catastrophise it as such and associate that with a reason why we should be worried but we're good education like things like this I think fingers crossed that. Is it something that matters more about that in a moment? Yeah, it is and I see it underground when I'm working with past players. It comes up in conversation in Aflac and you have that rugby element of it because they've all played rugby and are concerned about that. But then you have other individuals who might have family history of Alzheimer's or whatever it might be and these are the concerns they have. So it's to be able to do something to be able to act on that far and to be able to say look you can go and do this assessment. You've got the backup of a G.P. behind you've got the backup of R.P.I. and if anything comes of it then we can act on this. And if there's nothing there, if there's everything is okay then you know the knowledge that you can come back to this in a year or two years time or three years time to retest and you have a baseline now to know where you're at. And I think that's going to be the strength of it is that continuous of players coming back to us and also to take an avail of other supports that we offer to our past players and this is a great chance to get out there to them as well.