 Commissioner, just in relation to the policing bill that was brought forward to government earlier this week, on Guardshaekona had previously raised concerns about it. Are you satisfied with the bill and its current former? Are there any outstanding issues that you would like to continue discussions with? Well, we've engaged extensively in respect of the bill and neither the bill is before the irroctis. It's not appropriate for me to comment on that bill publicly. We would still be in negotiation or consultation with the department obviously as it proceeds in terms of whatever amendments may be made through the legislative process, but it's a matter of policy that wants peace of legislation before the bill. We don't comment publicly on it. What we've had is an ample opportunity in between policing service for the future being published and then the initial drafts that are filled to make expansive submissions and that's happened. In relation to the Guardshaekona involved in the incident of the weekend, I know obviously there are people before the courts at the moment, but for those individuals who were involved with the Guardshaekona members, how are they at this point? Well, I've spoken to both members and they are in good spurs and they are making a recovery. I don't want to go into the specific injuries that they suffered, but both of them did require hospital treatment and then are in effect now in rest and recuperating. As I say in Goodspur, it's looking forward to getting back to work and despite the incident that happened and like many of our members who face these sorts of attacks, they do get a lot of support from their colleagues, from their media colleagues, from the organization and from their staff associations and we're very much concerned for their well-being and make sure that they make a speedy return to work. You're at state of the opportunity, everyone can see that, but is it large enough to facilitate all of the Guardshaekona units that have been stationed previously in Harcourt Street? What you find is you have a number of units that were in Harcourt Street, that are now stationed here, but you also have a number of units that weren't. Obviously, when the plans were made for this particular building, over time plans of change and units and teams have been moved to other different areas. This is a significant piece of the Guardshaekona state. It's a huge amount of investment, but it's not the only investment that's obviously happening either in Dublin or right across the country. What's important is that every member and all of the teams are stationed and have their own base and that it's up to date, it's modern, it fits for purpose and that's obviously the plan that we're working on over the next few years as we roll out what is quite a substantial capital plan overall.