 This Saturday is Irish independent. We're going to look back at some of the big stories of the week. We're also going to look forward to the next anti-water charge protest which is taking place. There will be tens of thousands of people coming up to the capital on Saturday. So we're going to take a look back to the 1980s from the last big protest took place and see how they actually managed to stop the charges coming in. Big stories would have been China, and shooting at the two journalists in Virginia. The new Joker reaction is saying it's all about gun law and gun control. Whereas there are other issues that play there. We're also going to go behind the dark web. It's been huge in the news obviously ever since the Ashley Madison leaks. So we're going to delve in there. China in many ways was an excellent way to happen because there was phenomenal growth there. Markets of all the time, and this is a difficult lesson for China. It was also wake up cold for the world as well. For a week in magazine we've got great shoot with them. I'm talking about the really close bond, the lovely, mammary relationship. What we wanted to find out is if they ever actually want to kill each other. As well as that, we are meeting some of the more unusual act electric picnic. People you might not expect to see on the lineup. And we have a beautiful fashion piece with Irish designers. And we've taken them back with Doug for a two-place that inspired the clothes and inspired the design. This Saturday we'll be looking at Conor Lenhan's return to Irish politics. He's been in Russia working for a billionaire, one of the richest oligarchs in Russia for the last four years. Now he's announced that he wants to come back and run for fear of fall in Ross Common. And he's likely to have mixed reception. It's a big weekend for Irish and then the sport with the launch of our new look, Brochi format. It should bring you some fantastic reads on the big games. It's Hogan, Martin Brandy, Peter Cannivan on the GIA. East in the USA, where Alan Quill and Tony Ward on the rugby. So there's something for everyone this weekend in the Irish and dependent. Saturday's Irish and dependent. It's your weekend.