 This Saturday we'll be looking at the issues of gender quotas, where do all the political parties stand on it? Why is it so difficult for women to get into Irish politics? We'll also be looking at the fallout from the web summit. Some have suggested it won't really be missed, but others are saying it'll be a massive blow to Dublin and the economy. And finally, Kirsty Blake Knox, our city slicker, has gone plowing. And it's very different to the type of festivals I usually go to like music festivals, but it's been amazing. This week we have this beginning of a series about digital overworld, how our digital sessions and digital editions are changing how we think and how we live and some people say it's a good thing. It's a reversible foot-froathers, asking how we do in ourselves damage. And we review 34 sites, a new autobiography where he speaks openly and quite eloquently and fondly of his time and friendship with Charlie Howe. In rugby Ireland throughout again and we play Romania, about Alan Quinlan, Tony Ward, Foxon and Y Ireland must sit around running against the Romanians. Egelek Football, we have the ladies' Ireland, Big Wind Football Ladies, Clean of Fall, we'll be looking at Cox, Drive for Five. And then we look back on last week's tremendous hustle between Dublin and Kerry. Peter Callum takes a look at the managerial performances. And also we have Column Keys with the top 50 foot-ballers in the country at the moment. It'll be interesting to find out who is number one. In this Saturday's weekend magazine we have an absolute stunning cover, a sheet with Victoria Smurf, as our model in the waz of Wiclow. Victoria is talking to us on dating and divorce and kind of opening up on the year since the end of our art. And as well as that in weekend extra home. We have everybody's favorite German band on, telling you to bring more light into your home. We go through the hall door with Lorraine Keane, who's warded with his definitely worth a look at. Saturday's Irish Independent 2, it's your weekend.