 A special Sunday Independent Ireland thanks pole carried out on Friday and into the early hours of Saturday has found that Fienegale under the new leadership of Simon Harris has received a small bounce in up 2%. I'm Alan English, editor of the Sunday Independent and I'm joined by Jodie Cochran, deputy editor and Kevin Cunningham, managing director of Ireland thanks our polling company partner. First I'll give you the updated positions on the February poll, the state of the parties. Sinn Fein, unchanged at 27%. Fienegale, 22% up 2%. Fienegale, 17% down 1%. The Social Democrats, 6 down 1. The biggest movers, into 4% up 2 points. Labour Party, unchanged at 4. Likewise the Green Party, unchanged at 4. Solidarity, people before profit unchanged at 2%. The independence have suffered a little bit in this poll down 3 points to 14%. Kevin, you could say a welcome early Philip for the leader who will be elected today. No data about it on that 2 point bump, it's quite small obviously, but at least it will be reassuring for Fienegale more broadly that they have had an increase in support. It's a 5 point gap down to Fienafol which is quite interesting which is the biggest gap that they've had since April of last year so that's quite important. It's also interesting in partly because of the problems Sinn Fein are having a 5 point gap to Sinn Fein. So potentially Fienegale are in a position now which they're actually relatively close to Sinn Fein which is quite positive I guess. On the one hand, people I think is within the margin of error 2 point jump is not an enormous jump but we have panel data here so we can look at what pay people said that they were voting in previous months. We're looking at how they're voting today and we can see quite clearly that there is a subset of voters who came from Fienafol and a little bit from the social democrats who particularly like Simon Harris who seem to have moved across to the party. So I think we can be relatively certain that there is a shift as a result of Simon Harris but obviously it is also quite small. One big talking point from the week was that the country and the party was denied a leadership contest a lot of people would have liked one. We saw what the outcome once went to the parliamentary party, Harris swept the board, nobody dared to challenge him. We decided to put it to the test though in this poll and we put candidates out there before the public, 1,310 respondents I think. It was interesting that in the general cohort Harris finished third behind Simon Kovny and Pascal Dunahue who were locked at 21% each. Harris 16% but when we split that down into the Fienafol voters Harris emerged on top with 25% 32% sorry with the other two on 25%. What do you make of that? Well yeah we put it to the public 21% came out in favour of Simon Kovny, 21% and Pascal Dunahue when it steps back to 16% for Simon Harris that is overall and then the also ran head of Macinty Heather Humphries and large 27% for unsure. That's not a great finding really far Simon Harris he's a long way behind Simon Kovny and Pascal Dunahue but look he wanted the job Simon Kovny ruled himself out early Pascal Dunahue ruled himself out so he has the position so we break down the results and there is support for him amongst Fienafol voters. I suspect that when we carried out this poll it was already a done deal. So there was probably a sense that Fienafol supporters decided he's our man now we're going to row in behind him. Had the poll been conducted if there had been a race one suspect he might not have. With that said if you added up though there's a combined 50% of Fienafol voters 25% for Kovny 25% separate 25% for Dunahue who would have preferred those two candidates yet sizable enough 30th third of Fienafol supporters back there in you man. It's Harris's party now. It's strong but it's not overwhelming. Kevin another finding that we had was that a quite a significant bounce in the number of people who were looking for a general election immediately. I think it's up 16% on when we last pulled a couple of weeks ago. Yeah absolutely so the question we asked would you like to see a general election take place one of the options was immediately. Earlier this month it was 19% who wanted that. That's 35% that's a quite substantial jump. You can probably argue that some of this is led by the opposition parties who are demanding particularly Fienafol, obviously demanding an election immediately and this is perhaps a natural response of voters who support Fienafol who are sort of agreeing with that assertion. There is a slight increase in the number of people who want the election to be pushed out as far as possible. That was 33% this is the answer which would be when scheduled in 2025. The number of people who who wanted to be pushed out to the maximum. That was 33% earlier this month and that's moved up to 38. What we've seen before is these sorts of differences reflect whether you support the government or support the opposition. But now it's much much clearer. There was another question which asked should Simon Harris seek his own mandate. Yes, has been demanded by a lot of opposition politicians. Nobody voted for you to be T-soc, other than your own body. There was strong support for him that he should seek his own mandate. Still a minority but 47% and 41% say no he shouldn't. So there is an issue. We all know this is not going to happen. The government is not going to call an election. But there is a growing momentum behind support for an election sooner rather than later here. When it comes to the big issues, we in the Sunday Independent Ireland thinks, Paul, every month we have, what are the key issues of the month and leading the way for quite some time now. I've been housing, cost of living, immigration, the health service. So we put it to the test to do people feel that the election of Simon Harris and the replacement of Lee O'Varadkar as T-Shop by him would make a difference. Fair to say that would he be more successful I think with the way the question was raised. Would he be more successful than Lee O'Varadkar? 50% saying there would be no difference. 23% agreeing one suspects most of them would be Finnegaille voters. And 18% saying he would be less successful. So again, not exactly a huge amount of optimism that the dial is going to be moved by disappointment. No. Sorry, I'm sorry. Okay, yeah, no, you're absolutely right. I mean, that 23 versus 18, so that's a bit of a comparison with himself versus Lee O'Varadkar. So there's a little bit of optimism in some way, a little bit of a difference there, but it's so small. It kind of suggests that there's, I think for a lot of voters, there isn't really much of a difference. Maybe the narrative around Simon Harris is that he's a very hard working parliamentarian. That does come out in some of our kind of open-endeds. And maybe that's what's causing people to believe that he'll be more successful. But yeah, as you say, it's really only Finnegaille voters, 47% of which believe he'll be more successful. And a little bit of Fina Ful and I don't know. Just bring you in on this one, Jodie. I know the key question. And we had a lot of people saying that Simon Harris is somebody who is a political animal to his core. Yeah. He was sending press releases from the age of 13, 14, 15. He just wanted this all his life, right? But he has no experience outside of politics. And so one question we asked was, do you believe he has the experience and the qualities needed to be a successful T-Shok? Not surprisingly, 73% of Finnegaille voters thought he had, although interestingly, 10% didn't feel he had. Perhaps... Yeah, 10% didn't think he had, 17% don't know. So a quarter of Finnegaille voters are unsure about that. But in general, as to whether people believe he has the experience or qualities needed, 46% say no. And a lesser, 10% lesser, 36% say yes. So again, it's kind of reflective of the general underwhelming response to his elevation as Finnegaille voters. I was struck by that finding already this morning when the results came in Kevin and I put it to you that it seemed to be something that Simon Harris might be disappointed by. You took a slightly different job. I mean, I think 36 is quite good. I mean, given that in some respects, Finnegaille is a relatively small one. Well, Finnegaille support is 22%. Today, 36% believe he has the experience or qualities needed to be a successful T-Shok. I mean, it's a larger number than the Finnegaille vote. So I would kind of think, well, that's quite positive because there are people within other parties, particularly Finnefall, and indeed the Labour Party. And substantial numbers, as I said, again, from the social democrats. Who really always, in the last couple of years, seem like they always have this upside potential and perhaps Harris at least is the man from the Finnegaille side who seems to be stemming that a little bit. So he does have an appeal outside his base, but it's in certain corners, I guess, the electros. We've gotten man in all of this and almost forgotten already is Leo Verradker. We didn't quite forget him in this poll. We put in a question there asking people, you know, what do they... We ask every month, anyway, what do you think of his performance as a leader? And overall, the result for this special poll was unchanged. He had a 41% approval rating. But I thought it was interesting that among Finnegaille supporters, he had a 79% approval rating. So maybe going out on a reasonable high with his own party. But there's no evidence to suggest that the general public will ruin his decision. Yeah. I mean, we had that open end to question, you're right. And there was this significant disappointment, I think, probably amongst Finnegaille supporters that he had resigned. But there are substantial numbers, obviously, outside of that, that are happy to see him go, I guess. But I guess they probably would be happy to see any Finnegaille leader go in some respect. Just coming back to the issue of experiencing quality is one question, which kind of relates to that. And this is again something that's not going to happen, because no more than there's not going to be a general election any time, relatively soon. We asked which of the two main coalition party leaders, if you knew for all of Finnegaille, would you prefer to be elected as T-Shakt in succession to the other actor? And a 42% said, miho martin and 41% said Simon Harris. Now it will be Simon Harris. But again, perhaps I think he would see it as something of a disappointing result that he would come in, what 11 points behind miho martin on that question. He will be finnegaille later later today. He will be T-Shakt very soon. He has won the position he wanted very comfortably, he wanted very confidently. He is an ambitious young man. And I think in general there's a holding pattern here in this poll. People, I think we'll give him a chance. See how he does. He has a year, at most, before the general election. And I guess it's down to himself now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I say the job that he has always craved, he has it. And let's see what he does. Thank you, Jodi. Thank you, Kevin. Interesting stuff. And for more on this, plenty of analysis in the Sunday Independent and Online at independent.ai.