 yw iveddoliot Magdael Was紅. YADA shozpeddum ar gydcheglod, yn bus observationson myn i Challeng gaf, dilat. Mae內, gwna Uhr yng Nghymru e wipena blodorodaid. Maldregaillill, yno ac f Yar and Clifان yn migralusillol con sé. Felly mae lif舞 wiep y bueno ac iaill ac iaill, ac iaill ac iaill ac iaill ac iaill ac iaill ac iaill ac iaill. Maldregaillol ac iaill ac iaill ac iaill ac iaill ac iaill ac iaill ac iaill ac iaill ac iaill ac iaill ac iaill aqu は, posais… peorallwow, glawaboi mewn ghorgyng hindi. I am a lot of examples in this chamber and on social media of public representatives pushing boundaries of respectful political discourse. I am thinking in particular of a debate on agriculture in the last sitting week when certain members even questioned the right of a junior minister to be in the house. That is the sort of behaviour that is not conducive to encouraging safe and respectful and dignified debate in these hazards. I am asking, in advance of our meeting on the Thursday of the task force, which is very much welcome that you remind the roctor's members of our obligation to show leadership in promoting civil and respectful discourse in this House and in political debate generally. Thank you. Deputy McGraw. I have something very important to raise. I can't hold it, but I think I couldn't allow that. A check on our independence is now right to be here and represent our people and our views. We didn't wait to the Deputy Vagic, elected by elections recently, to come here and tell us how to earn our business and how to be respectful and how to be manorally. It is all one way traffic here as well as I can see. If you have an ulterior advice or a country or an opinion, let us talk at all about what would be in rural Ireland, whether it would be on immigration, whether it would be on many other issues or on the factors. I take no lecture from Deputy Vagic. She has begun to make the last need a quick and even against duck. That is what happens with Labour Party. As found in time, it is about a pro-pouty that represented rural Ireland and the people of temporary. Now, why is it language and in child drums? We won't take any lectures like that. Tisha, please. Thanks very much, Councillor. At the outset, I want to concur with Deputy Vagic's remarks earlier. I heard Deputy Vary speaking on the radio the other day and he made a point that I think was very valid that those of us in politics often complain about the quality of discourse and social media abuse and all those things, but sometimes we are our own worst enemies. We set the standard in the way that we behave. None of us are angels in that regard. But I think, given what Deputy Vagic has said, we should all resolve to conduct our business in a more parliamentary manner, in a way that we used to in the past. I think that the tear raised considerably in the 20 years that I have been here are almost 20 years. I have been here.