 Are you concerned about the organisation going forward? Yes, I mean one of us has to keep the bigger picture perspective. That's the lens through which I've been observing this entire issue. And that said, there are times when accountability has to happen. There are times when transparency has to happen. This is one of those times and it could have been handled better. And I think we are well questioned. I think the Eroctus Committee has played a very significant role in facilitating accountability. I think in Eroctus we need to also make sure that we're ensuring due process that when people ask questions they're given time to answer those questions. And I think two committees meeting in succession is problematic in the six hours. I think we have to examine that too and say, look, are there better ways that we can ensure our accountability processes are right. But overall I think it's fair to say that it has got a very thorough airing by both the public and the Eroctus Committee. I'm sure that you've shared my needs with Smith. So both committees I think have discharged their duties. We have to be mindful of how we do that as Eroctus members and I'm very conscious of that. As government there have been claims that the government might use this as an example to cut back on Ortee as a service and make it maybe less powerful than it has been. Are there any discussions like that in cabinet? Is there anything that you're very aware of? No, and I think there's no evidence to support that. We provided interim supports last year. There is a debate about how best to fund public service broadcasting into the future. There's an legitimate debate there. I've put my cards on the table at the time ago, long before this role when I felt the proposal that came from Eroctus Committee five or six years ago, in respect of the University of Charrage, that would replace the license fee. And that everybody would then have to pay because it was fairer. No, that has been damaged by the recent controversy. There's no point in saying otherwise. But the other option which the media commission would follow would have to retire its checker, which is all taxable money in that event. That has issues around separation of a demarcation lines between media and government. Because if the media is dependent on government funding on a direct basis into the future, I think that creates potential dangers for independence from media. The media independence has to be ring-fenced. Public broadcast has to be ring-fenced for many potential interference by future governments or this government or any government. And if governments have the full control of the post-Trins, well there's an obvious potential for things to go wrong in that environment. So, in total, other jurisdictions manage that. I see other jurisdictions where it's not managed properly. And where there's a clear level of degree of interference. And I think we must protect independence of media. That is a vital principle. And the good news is in Ireland, not just sending all of the criticisms under our cells. If you take the corruption index in Ireland, we're one of the top three least corrupt countries in the world. I understand from the recent international benchmarks. And from a most-indemocratic democracy index as international, Ireland compares very well. And independence of media is an important criterion for that. As a separation of powers between the arms of the state, between judicial arm, the executives and parliament. And all of those are important basic tenets of democracy. So I take that's the fundamental. We all have our issues. But fundamentally, we must make sure that we keep the fundamentals and the principles correct. And independence of media, free speech, and the right to hold people accountable.