 We'll also go and store streets here in the South East. Your donatee have just met with the Assistant Commissioner Willis as well as Chief Superintendent Paddimack-Menneman. We've discussed the recent assault on an American tourist but more generally policing within our CC Centre. If I could say of the outset, I just want to wish nothing but the best for that gentleman. This was a vicious, unprovoked attack that should not have happened. And obviously the first response by the Guardian is to make sure that those who are responsible are brought to justice and that is happening and work is on the way to ensure that that happens. As Minister, I have been listening to and engaging with those who live and work in the CC Centre for some time now. I acknowledge the things are not perfect, there are issues that need to be resolved, but as a Government and as Minister for Justice, we have a plan to make sure that people are safe and feel safe in their towns, in their CCs, be they urban or rural. We have the biggest budget ever allocated to on Garda Shia Kanna. We have funding allocated to ensure that Garda can be recruited while we are not at the numbers we would like. Obviously, that is a number one priority for me. We have additional funding to make sure that Garda have the tools and the resources that they need to do their job as efficiently and effectively as possible. As well as that, though, we have passed only in the last week new laws to make sure that people realise these crimes are taken with the utmost seriousness. So, assault causing harm has gone from five to ten years for maximum penalty. Assaulting a member from Garda Shia Kanna has gone from seven to twelve years maximum penalty and then those who conspire to murder commit these types of crimes. It is now life in prison. As well as that, we are investing significantly with 24 million euro going into our youth justice strategy. So this is about a whole of Government, whole of community response, which culminates then in the Community Safety Partnership, the one which has been piloted here in the city in Ossisi. So, I just want to maybe finish by acknowledging the significant work by on Garda Shia Kanna. It is a huge amount of work that happens. That is not seen on a daily basis. But it is because of them that people are safe in the city and I do believe we live in a safe city here. But there will always be problems and of course it is my intention that we address those problems head on. You said you could plan to do that. I wanted to join the Minister for Justice in her visit to the Stores Street Garda Station where we want to indicate the strong support that we have for the work that has been carried out by Garda Shia Kanna in investigating this awful assault. Not only am I here in my role as Minister for Public Expanditure, I am also here in my role as a TD for Dublin Central. And I have been attending and supporting various initiatives here in Stores Street Garda Station now for over 15 years. I have seen the impact of those initiatives of heart in dealing with crime within Dublin Central and in particular dealing with the awful cycle of murder and organised crime that did take hold in this part of our city over a number of years. And I know how excellent is the work of policing our city centre that is carried out by the Guards here. In addition to what the Minister for Justice has said, I just want to emphasize three points regarding the level of policing that is carried out by the Guards here. Firstly, as is the case with all of the national efforts of the Guards, we as a government will continue to support them in making the resources available to keep our country and to keep our capital city safe. Secondly, in addition to those policing efforts, we have built on that by only opening a number of months ago a Guards and Guards station now in the Connell Street. And I can see the effect that is having an Oconnell Street myself as it is based on my constituency and I am up and down through this main street of Dublin every day. And then finally, this has been the launch part of many different community initiatives in recent years that have played a very valuable role in supporting communities that are dealing with crime. We have the Nordic city task force which while it is primarily focused on the communities around our city centre has been at the frontier of how we can invest in supporting communities. And then secondly, just around from here, we then have the new trial of the community safety for and with its own office to again support the work of the Guards in preventing reducing and responding back to crime. So a huge amount of work has taken place here in Stores Street and the Nordic city. But I am so shocked and so saddened by the assault that happened on this gentleman. I wish them all the best in his recovery. And we wanted to come here to continue to indicate our support for the work that the Guards have.