 Arlene's victory now is Grand Slam win and see you at the last player to catch an Arlene to Grand Slam. Yep. I'm sure you were watching. And sadly, how would you sum up the match and what does it mean to the players? I think the first thing is, I'm asking congratulations to Johnny Andie and that whole squad. I think they have been probably the best team in the world for about 12, certainly 12 months now and I think they're really pleasing things when the pressure has come on. Like it does in the Grand Slam decider that those able to do able to stand up. It's never going to be perfect. The last round of a championship is never perfect in a way, especially when the Grand Slam is at stake. But the really pleasing thing in games where they've appeared to sort of struggle a little bit as they always find another gear at a point in time. And that last quarter, they just, that's what kind of the game was out of sight then. They just were able to accelerate away and I think there's nothing to sort of doing a bit of work at the game here with Barono Driscoll and one thing he said was that because we have one mini Grand Slam historically at an, you can't really be picky as to where you win them. But to win one at the Viva Stadium in front of your home fans, I have heard this player is very loud at times but nothing compared to Saturday. So like it's massive and congratulations to them and it's brilliant to see that it's not just about potential anymore with them, it's about performance and delivering on that performance. Yeah and obviously Captain Johnny sexting it's his last ex-nation championship and he was quite emotional afterwards as to be expected. You can relate to that a little bit with Johnny. How would you say he's feeling? He's probably still overwhelmed after all. I'm sure he is and it was nice to see a bit of emotion come out because ultimately before the game all he wanted done is in when a Grand Slam here, as a captain, he just wanted your team to perform and you want to be able to lift that trophy on behalf of the team, everyone involved in management, your family, the people that sacrificed so much. So he'll potentially, it was good to see a bit of emotion because he'll still not see it as being anywhere near his last game. You know, I've been played your last six nations game at the Viva. I've done that before we only played France and you just kind of think, oh, you know, it's just a yes, it's another moment in time that will not happen again but until you get closer to your last every game, the real emotion doesn't properly hit it. So it's brilliant that he was able to lift the trophy on this pitch, he even lead that team and probably they look really nervous at the start and he was able to, as he's done time and time again at a Grand Jers, he has stared them through that and it's brilliant to see him. He's always done that as a player and now to see him the last certainly four years doing that as a captain, it's brilliant to see because Johnny's not just a fantastic player, he's a good friend of mine and you want your friends to do well. That's ultimately when you're the last player that has lifted a trophy here, there's an element of, you know, you want a guard that has touched you can but at the same time, I think you, things happen in history and points in time happen that you want them to be, you want them to be beaten because ultimately what you want is the team that you support and you are lucky enough to play for, you want them to be better and better and better. So therefore I want to learn to win the Grand Slam because he just want to learn to succeed and what a way to do it, then Grand Slam and go in that world cup here. Just moving on obviously to your next challenge, Rory's Miles Tameo, this year you're going from Dublin to Kong to raise file funds for the cancer fund for children. So that's all going towards Daisy Lodge, the new centre that's being built in Kong. Can I ask first, why is this cause so close to your heart? I think when you retire, when you're playing, you get lots of requests to do bits and pieces of charity and you try to give as much as you can around your rugby commitments and when you retire you sort of go, you want to be able to commit time to make a difference, you know, it's not just about doing bits and pieces, you don't want to spread yourself so thin that you help everyone but don't actually really see a tangible difference being made. So I think being a father of three kids and look, we're incredibly fortunate, we haven't had the veil of somewhere like Newcastle and County Down in Daisy Lodge but it doesn't mean that the realism that it might happen at any point in time and any parents you speak to is it just happens like that and there's nothing you do but it's so what you want to do is to make sure that you use your profile to make a difference and that differences to families that get to go away and have therapeutic breaks and Newcastle County Down and then when you hear the start that sort of all of Northern Ireland is covered but actually one only seven families that are referred from Cromland can use it cause just don't have the capacity then you go right well there's how you make a difference and we decided to walk from Newcastle and County Down to Cogn and County Mayo in September 21 and it was very successful and sort of but we felt that we engaged in Northern half of the island so it would come at Ulster and that we needed to make sure that everyone was aware that this wasn't anything other than trying to make a difference to the whole island and it felt right to leave Cromland to come to leave there either first of all then go to Cromland and work away down to Limerick and then up the hallway and Cogn to try to get to make sure that this place in Cogn is built and that's ultimately what it's about trying to make a difference to people's lives. Absolutely and I know in 2021 a few sporting legends and rugby legends kind of joined you at different parts on the walk at Conomerian Rob Carnegie while any other rugby legends take to help you this day. Certainly the ones that we're playing on Saturday they don't know it yet but they will be asked of sort of a thought of keeping distance from them because that's so much going on and look a couple have already agreed to walk in the various parts along the road and that's the that's one of the great things about is you get to walk with sort of former team mates, sporting stars and people that you get married and you get to catch up with them and then you get to walk with families, friends and doctors, the social workers you get to walk with so many people either associated with a charity. I've done so much for for the whole island in various shapes and forms and but you also get to walk with when you're walking through towns and villages you get that sort of feeling of walking with everyone else as well so like there's hopefully plenty of people walking with me like I say a few of the retired guys have agreed and hopefully a few of the current players around their busy schedule will walk with me at various parts. Great and when your wife Jodie, your three children joining you as well. So Jodie walked the whole thing with me again and the three kids will sort of come and go around school with my wife's primary school teacher so the education obviously has to take priority in the middle of it as well so yeah look they'll be coming and going a bit so look it's important like that whole family that I think that was why part of the reason the charity was so important. So that family aspect of it that's why the walk was originally we wanted to do something and I kind of said try to just start rom and one day on the event she get to mail and it was my wife said well look this is a family is a children's charity you know why don't do something that the people can join in with you and that's where the walk came from so look at the same very much looking forward to the very much looking forward to it being successful in finishing it and all that there'll be so many highs along the way and let's see yeah so forget to try to keep putting one foot in front of the other. Absolutely and it's it's it's in May so it's quite soon. Yeah yeah how have you been preparing for years? The Six Nations hasn't been held for now because especially with the Arlen being so successful and but we really start to like you just try to get ours walking so we'll try to do at least three hours three or four times a week a train a bit in the gym when it retired sort of fine that I couldn't I thought a wood you stopped dead from all the training but actually getting the light out find up but actually do love it it wasn't just a job so I try to keep a bit of training going so we'll have to ratchet it up a little bit now to make sure we're ready for the challenge absolutely so you have to get on to some of the current theories now for their high in the Lithuania order. Totally coming out with you yeah they're also very as restept up at rock pairing in particular to try and you just talk about like how great it is to see the old general players to perform. Yeah look I think from an Ulster point of view obviously it was a real petty free in Henderson breaking his arm against Scott until he wasn't able to take a spot in the starting team and the Ulster has been probably struggling for starters over the last sort of couple of years with Ireland and but also all you can do is make it impact off the bench you talk about rock pairing and tomo tool care and tread well all coming on and adding to their squad and that's what it's about you know I think the bench in particular and Saturday the really at a time when it was nerve and England maybe could come back out at the day came on and they increased the level and so from Ulster point of view hopefully it's going to be a springboard to get more players involved and they'll be hoping it's a springboard to come back here in or a couple weeks time and make sure that they get a win over Ulster obviously Ulster with the so many of the Irish team involved they've been looking to win here so look it's brilliant for Irish rugby that not only the national team going well the 20s to have done back-to-back ground slams now and the provinces are are obviously flying in Europe so look that's what you need to to make sure that you have long term sustainability within that man's team.