 So tell me about the same guy and what do you think is a legacy actor? Well, she is. I remember the first time I saw the Poles in the Hammersmith Odie in 1985. It imprinted in my mind forever just the madness of Mayhem and the raucous nature of the same, and the music they were playing. And then obviously through the years he's just about into a great poet and he'll be sadly missed really. And he thought it was important to come down and say to them. Yes, I met him in Dublin probably about 15 years ago and he was a very charming, nice, friendly man. He couldn't talk about music and talk about his time in London. Don't think that Nasties with the bar he used to drink in London. And I thought it was important just to pay me respects really. So it was just an icon of Dublin, like Brendan V and Luke Kelly. You can just go on show with Casey. You think he's had so long those in terms of his legacy? Casey's a probably bigger reader, you know? He's just, he could say his music would be just like 100 years' time. I hope they could have playing. Yes, oh yeah, in the cap of year they're 30-old time to buy the Poles. Sure, it should be a great turn on for them. Shane McGowan, I'd say that the first six-inch vinyl that got was about 90 years old, 1991. It's been pretty much there for me ever time since. Also, in my family, I think he's had more influence on the way I think of the Irish culture history and music than anybody else. Lamb is a genius, really, and I'm like, man. What was it about him and his music? It resonated so strongly with you. So many, many teams, like, like it connects to every area of friendship or relationship of how to be lovely, you know? I asked the teams about Irish history and stuff, and he'd bring back all these arcane characters from Irish history and put them into a song. It's kind of, you mix them all and the colloidic scoff at kind of thing. Just to me, it was all about culture, the energy of it. Like, you know, we're kind of represented well-being Irish history, to me, like, and fair percentage of it for sure. Anyway, in the Spaniard, how do you reflect on it? It's awesome. It's a unique and sexual way. Well, they could have been a day we looked long now. That was coming. That didn't mean there was going to be easy to deal with emotionally at all. It was just a big impact from people there, and it's like, me, like, you know, for sure.