 Okay, so look at that. It's kind of mad because the whole thing was spaced out kind of weird. The way they structured the exam was mental. And then when you see our results and it's just like, oh yeah, you actually passed like probably one of the most messed up ones you could get. It's mental and then the only one I really felt was one of the higher end. So I was happy about that. That's still a good score. It was a lot harder with COVID and everything that it should have been. But I felt like I did good with COVID. I feel like them taking longer made me worry more. But now that they're out, I'm happy with all I got. I feel like with me, my scores went up turn COVID with certain subjects like Irish. But then when it came towards like coming back into skill, it was harder to pay attention because we were gotten used to all the distractions around us in our house. I did. Yeah, my strongest was English surprisingly. I got a distinction in it. So I'm very happy. We're going to do that. I was like English when we were in the first year. I was like, yeah, they look hard on my lips. You're happy. Great. Yeah, my best ones were like French and art. So I'm pretty happy with what I got. I started doing a lot of independence studies because we just couldn't keep up. And I think I'm going to just take that with me to live easier because they helped a lot. Apparently. Yeah, because it was very complicated not being in school. You just didn't learn anything. So you kind of had to pick up yourself by yourself. But it was okay. We did it. We did it. It was really hard not being in school learning. So we had to do it at home. But it's fine. We did it. I'm definitely happy with the results, you know. Better than expected. The nervousness was just awful. Yeah, I feel like with the long wait though. I wasn't really nervous, but it's definitely better than expected. I'm really happy with my insolvenia. I think my strongest is probably history. That was one of my best subjects. On yourself? Yeah, there was just a lot of unknown because we had to wait so long. And they're quite new exams. So we didn't really know how they were going to go. So I think we're all pretty happy though. Yeah, because a lot of it was online. So I wasn't really sure how I do in person in a proper exam setting. Like learning languages, like we both, we all three of us, we did such. I'm learning a language online isn't the easiest thing to do, you know. So that would, however definitely had an impact on it. Covered deafness. Because we didn't have time to learn as many study skills then. And like bond with our classmates. I really worked together with three of us. How to do an exam as well? Yeah, especially. So how did that go? I think that that's like was definitely just a big challenge since like since we were online for so long. And I didn't just call so much delay, like Matt, his career, Matt's online. Because it was not the teacher to assist you, but since I was a no teacher, it was like, you just made a tent out of his heart. I think the exams went very well today. I mean, it's always nice to celebrate success. And it has been a very checkered journey for a lot of these students. Highs and lows, but today we certainly class as one of those highs. Well, this particular group have been through a very tough three years of journey to get to today. They were in first year, we had a COVID closure in March. They came back to school hoping to get stuck in again, another COVID closure. Then when they did get as far as the exams, expecting results normally beginning of September, they haven't come into now. So it's been a long, long journey for them. Our group have certainly proved to be resilient. And our teachers have proved to be very resilient. Our SNAs have done a fantastic job with our weaker kids who are probably the ones who would have suffered most. They did a superb job by resource department in their SNAs with those students who would struggle normally, but struggled hugely without consistency and the school environment and the support that they would get in here. I think the follow-out from COVID will still be reflected in their academic achievements. And I hope that that will be considered and for the exams, because we would certainly see the legacy of COVID is alive and kicking. I would say the legacy of COVID will last until the last child born during COVID, exits the education system. Every single child has missed out on some part of their normal development and education. And it's going to leave its legacy in schools, and that has to be... It's not going to be gone forgotten in a year or two. Those kids have missed developmental stages, they've missed, educative stages, and they're not going to get those back easily. It does for me, it really highlights the importance of celebrating the Junior Cycle Profile of Achievement and the receipt of that as opposed to today where it's the receipt of the provisional results. So if they could be, you know, conflated together, that would really be, I think, a more reflective journey of what students have come from.