 The situation in the world is not the only one in this country. We are fighting against the crisis. In relation to migration, which of course is the reason why we're having this summer today, just like Ireland, European countries are experiencing a big increase in the number of people who are coming from outside Europe on a regular basis. And we have to work together to manage that issue as best we can. So one of the issues we're going to be discussing is how we can better secure our external borders around Europe because it's important that we, as Europeans, decide to enter our countries, not the human traffickers. They shouldn't decide to come through the border. That's the decision for us as states, as governments. And the other area that we're going to discuss is the whole issue of returns. A lot of people coming into Europe gain refugees, stages start the right to remain, but others don't. And they should be returned. And all European countries are finding it very hard to make returns happen. So we need to talk about ways as to how we can work with countries of origin, essentially, to make sure that people are returned to their country of nationality if they don't gain legal status. Any attention to cancel the destroyer's official目前 to struggle to cover it? Does the Irish government think of it as the vi源 data, since the aim for mummy and grazعة has been adapted so who needs to come into English, When it comes to migration, we need to be fair and firm and hard. We need to be fair with refugees because refugees are welcome in Ireland and people who need our protection should get us. We also need to be firm with people who come to Ireland with the false story or false pretenses. We need to be firm with them and say that we are going to make a quick decision on your application and that we will return you to your country of origin and people expect that. We also need to be hard on human traffickers because we should decide who enters our country and not criminal gangs. This is an issue that all of Europe is grappling with and we need to come up with solutions to deal with it together. In many ways we are at the end of the line as a European country but nonetheless we have a shared issue here. We need to deal with it together. But there is one thing I will be particularly saying and I think this is important in terms of our conversations here today. Ultimately the best thing that we can do to make sure that we deal with the issue of a regular migration is to make sure that things improve in the countries of origin. A lot of people are leaving the countries they live in because they don't have economic opportunity because they don't have freedom because they don't have democracy. I think one of the best things we can do is to work on developments, work on trade, work on human rights and political freedoms and that will reduce the amount of a regular migration that happens.