 And today she's a little girl. We write this letter. I'm asked that you please intervene on behalf, on our behalf to the Guardi Estabilla in Spain, relations to the disappearance of Amy Fitzpatrick and Spanish, we have to trace in Spain 15 years ago. Amy was only 15 years old and our citizen and in spite of New Endings, an information being lost out as to where she might be helped. Nothing has been done to try find her. No search of the area or any follow-up information. As a family and from one father to another, I ask for your help. I have lost both of my children, tragically, in tragical circumstances, and all I want to be able to visit her or alongside her brother. Our family is broken heart. Please help us find Amy and bring her home and they will to rest. If you have any information, please feel free to contact Christine. It's on 087-658628. As Christmas has just very bad at the moment, thank you for taking time to read this letter. You're sincerely crispy. It's happened to Amy's father and Christine Kenney. The office of on Tarnasher, and when we spoke to her, she actually said that, and we know all about that, which was very, very disappointing to hear that from the Tarnasher secretary. And we only want to promote Amy to get her out there, to get her found. Nothing less, nothing more. We just want to bring her home, and if she has passed to give her a proper question, bury, and wish her further dean. This is the same string you information, sir. It's not too information, I think. But we've never done anything that was going to go with Serge. You know, and then if we went in, there would be interfering with rather than having evidence. It's not as simple a thing as tain, but we're just hoping now that maybe we could get today, and maybe find a bring some light of the way Amy may do. Yeah, to see there was actually about the race course that she was in. That has gone back two years, but it's out on the domain again, the public domain again. There was, I got a phone call from this lady, and she said to me, Amy is where the fifth stable is where the fifth water tank is. So to me, I thought it's, yeah, it's to do, like, mean, there is information, and I have told it, but nothing ever has been done about it. And the thief has never checked her face. No, never. Never. Never. Nothing. Nothing at all. We've never, ever had updates. The guards were in Mrs. Appearance's concert. Well, the courage please can do much, but it's up to Spanish to them to actually inform us. My brother, Christopher, biological father of Amy and Dean, he has never had any updates. Never. You know, so I find that it's tremendous. But I'm going to keep the fight going. Lung's it takes, regardless of any situations, I will keep up on Parraini that she's found. So hopefully we have my lifetime.