 It is perhaps fitting that Joe McCarthy was born in New York because Arden's newest rugby star stood out like a skyscraper at the Stadfelladrome in Marseille last Friday night. The 22-year-old's immense Six Nations debut drew high praise from all quarters, earning him a amount of the match award, a newfound fame that's extended to feature pieces about his haircut in the national media. He has the rugby world at his feet, but it wasn't always obvious that the Dubliner was going to make the grade. In his early teenage years at Black Rock College, McCarthy was on the bench for the junior forts, before a growth spurt and lots of work in the gym, took hold and by the time he was doing his leaving cert, he was part of a senior cop team and he's never looked back. Lesser got a look at him and quickly fast-tracked him into their senior squad. He made his provincial debut in January 2022, and when in two months was training with Ardened, for Johnny Sexton Haleham as outstanding. He toured New Zealand and played twice against a Marri in the summer of 2022, before making a senior debut off the bench in Australia that November. By last year's World Cup, he started against Romania and was brought on when the quarter-final against his island was in the balance. To say he's kicked on in the month since will be an understatement. He's won back-to-back Player of the Month Awards at Blenster, where he's been the outstanding player of this season, and on Friday he took the next step and went to a whole new level. How good was he in Marseille? In Arden's 38-70 win over France, well let's look at the stats from stats perform. Well of all the second roles playing in last weekend's opening round of the six nations, only his Arden partner, Titeburn, had more carries for more meters than McCarthy's 9 runs for 30 meters. No player made more meters per carry than Joe McCarthy, and 89% a huge number of his carries got over the gain line. Marri with Tougie's 50% for England was the only player that came close, and only the English line a player of huge experience had more carry dominance in England's win over Italy. McCarthy beat three defenders, more than an unuter lock, while he's had two dominant tackles for good measure. It was a performance to mark them out as a world-class second-row-in-waiting. A player who Arden can build their puck around for the next decade. He's no ordinary Joe, and he comes from no ordinary family. After the game, he gave his man of the match award to his older brother Andrew, who has Down syndrome, and is a sports nut. I think his lancers culture cupped in this season, and he plays themselves for the see-point dragons. And then there's another McCarthy making waves at Irish will be in Joe's younger brother party, who was a star of Arden's under 20 ground slam winning team last season who got to the World Cup Final in South Africa, and has already played four times for Lensner this season. He's very highly rated as well. But for now, it's his older brother Joe, who's making waves on an international stage. And he far calls him big, young Joe, and he's one of a kind.