 The backdrop to the attack on the Regency Hotel was a boxing weigh-in for an event co-promoted by MGM which ran a Spanish gym linked to the Canans, an attack team of six, including a driver, arrived in a silver Ford Transit van around 2.30 in the afternoon. A young man disguised as a woman in a blonde wig, ran in with a second middle-aged man in a flat cup. Firing handguns, they sent people fleeing in panic. Moments later, three masked gunmen in tactical gear, with AK-47 assault rifle ran in. Some people initially believed they were EORU-Gardy, but they immediately opened fire, escalating the panic. David Byrne was among those fleeing into the lobby, and he was shot by two of the tactical team. Second shooter jumped to the reception counter to stand, and calmly and coldly, far more rounds into Byrne's prone body. All five returned to the waiting van, which drove them away. They abandoned it, in the Charlemagne to state. Said it a light, and ran down Charlemagne to St. Vincent's GAA club grounds, or a convoy of waiting vehicles transported them from the scene. Prosecutor Sean Galanesi said it was clear the attackers had been looking for particular people in the execution-style killing. Gardy discovered a bedroom had been booked by Exxon Fane Councillor Jonathan Dowdall's father Patrick the day before shooting. Kevin Murray used the room before leaving the hotel the next morning, carrying a hold-all bag, Murray was quickly identified as the raider in the flat cap, but he died from an illness before he could be prosecuted. Jonathan Dowdall was already being watched by Gardy for suspected links with dissident Republicans. Intelligence suggested Dowdall travel to Derby to meet real IRA members on January 5th, 2016, and returned to Derby on January 18th this time with Jared Hutch. On February 11th, 2016, Dowdall and his father were back in Northern Ireland for a suspected meeting of a continuity IRA. The next day Jared Hutch called to Derby's Dublin home, and Gardy suspect this was to organise criminal activity, possibly related to the murder. A Gardy covert tracking device was on Derby's Toyota Land Cruiser Jeep on February 20th, 2016. When he drove Mr Hutch to the Dunigall home of IRA member Shane Rowan, I marched to 7 2016, Derby and Mr Hutch drove to Straban County Tyrone in a bid to get Republicans to mediate in the escalating feud with the Kinans. This time, Gardy had also installed a separate audio device inside the Jeep. 10 hours recording from that journey was at the core of the case against Mr Hutch. The trip came a month after Jared Hutch's brother Edward, a Neddy Hutch, had been murdered and were appraisal for the Regency attack. It was believed that Jared Hutch was trying to get Republicans to broke or peace deal with the Kinans amid fears of a further escalation of the feud. Of particular interest to the investigators was Mr Hutch's talk of three yokes and giving them as a present to the Republicans in the North. According to the prosecution, this refers to the assault rifles used by the Regency attackers. Two days later, on March 9, 2016, the IRA man Shane Rowan made a trip south to Dublin, and he was seen driving around various locations in the Malahide Road area in a Vauxhall in Signea. Gardy's surveillance operation was in place as he met Patti Hutch, Jerry's brother, who was seen driving him in a Toyota Yarris. Rowan was intercepted driving north again outside Slein County Mead, with three AK-47s that had been used in the Regency attack in the boot of his insignia. Around 70 minutes later, at 8.22 pm, Gardy searched Dold's Navon Road home. On suspicion he was storing firearms and explosives, don't either was found. During the search of his home, Gardy did discover evidence of a separate crime, a video of Dold all torturing a suspected fraudster in his garage. He was jailed for that and was still in prison on April 27, 2021, when he was charged to Regency murder. Before Desensin's ended, he came forward with new information about David Burns killing. Just weeks before the Regency trial, Dold all in his father, Patrick both pleaded guilty to facilitating the murder, by making a hotel room available for the Raiders the day before. Dold all was jailed for a further four years and his father for two, the murder charge against Dold all was dropped and he dramatically turned state's witness against Mr. Hutch. Dold's guard of statement and testimony to the trial featured two main allegations. One was that Jerry Hutch met him in Ellenfield Park and Whitehall days after Regency shooting and confessed that he and Mago Gaetli had shot David Burns. The other main allegation was about the hotel room keys. Dold all maintained Patsy Hutch had called his father to ask him to book the room for a friend. He said the arrangement was to bring the keys to Patsy, but when he drove his father to the meeting point of Richmond Road from Condra, it was Jerry Hutch, who turned up and collected them. In evidence, Dold all also packed up the prosecution's assertion that the yolks being discussed on the tapes where the Regency AK-47s, Dold all denied defense assertions that he was lying. The only other person to go on trial over the Regency shooting is Patrick Hutch Jr. Patsy's son. Patrick Hutch had been allegedly identified as the gunman dressed as a woman and charged with the murder and possession of firearms. However, he walked free from court in 2019 after charges against him were dropped by the state.