 At the moment as a child care provider we're not sustainable with the core funding. I mean may be forced to leave core funding which is something we don't want to have to do because we're fully aligned with the government's policies of the National Child Care scheme and we feel that every child has a right, doesn't matter what social economic group you come from, that every child has the right to free child care and affordable child care. And what is the issue, what's brought into this critical point? The rise in costs, electricity, gas, all your utilities, we're in the staff in crisis, we're in a real major staff in crisis where we can't compete with other competitors. The government has set in ERO which we welcome but unfortunately we have we're paying higher than the ERO rate at the minute but we cannot attract the talent that we need or close in rooms on a weekly basis because we can't maintain ratios and we need to be able to put childcare on the critical skills lists so that we can hire. I mean this basically means you've a limited amount of money going in, it's not enough money coming in so you have to raise prices. 15% of our income is from core funding and the other 85% is from parents fees. We have been in a pay freeze since September 2022 we haven't raised our fees since 2019 and the government has indicated that we can apply to have our fees increased in September 2024 as we enter year three of core funding but unfortunately there's no mechanism for this, there's no time frame. So what we can do is we can apply to perhaps increase our fees but there's no indication of there's no time for him if first if we're going to be allowed there's you know guarantee to increase the fees and when this will actually happen. So what is the situation that you know find yourself in? We find a third-phase situation where we are going to have to pull out a core funding because the 3.5% just isn't enough to basically you know to pay for the rising costs and the reality of the situation is that you know because of the staff in crisis and retention issues we will have to close our doors we won't be able to offer the spaces because we won't have staff to actually open our doors. Recalling on the government for a clear timeline to tell us if and when we can increase our fees in order to keep our doors open and keep providing the quality service we do for the children. My data is sky is with Tiger's childcare. Sky is in Tigers the past two years which has given me the opportunity to go back to walk and provide for myself and my data. I'm a single-moder and my elder Tigers like walking it be I wouldn't be able to walk. It took me months to get a childcare. I rang everywhere I emailed everywhere couldn't get anywhere and I rang Tigers and they got back to me straight away. The under-sword me say I can't say I'm the only one. The pressure that was on that and like I feel like it went the other way to accommodate me and I just happened to ring at the right time and I'm very grateful. If Carl Fondin-Gal's sky will have to come out Tigers which I don't want to see that happen and she settled and like I don't want to try that route again trying to ring, crash us trying to get her in place which is impossible it's absolutely impossible. If Tiger's childcare goes private I won't be able to afford the 25% to 40% increase.