 I took a pill in a piece to show a VTI was cool. When I finally got sober, felt ten years older, I fuck it, it was something to do. I'm living out in LA, hey, I drive a sports car just to prove. I'm a real big baller, cause I made a million dollars in a spend it on girls and shoes. You don't want to be high like me, never really know why you like me. You don't never want to step off that rollercoaster and be all alone. You don't want to ride the bus like this, never know who to trust like this. You don't want to be stuck up on that stage singing, stuck up on that stage singing. Oh, I know, I shut songs, shut songs, darling, no, I know, I shut songs, shut songs. Thank you. My name is Mike Posner and some of you may recognize me from that song I took a pill in a beaza, but I'm not the same person I was when I wrote that. In fact, that's why I'm here today. I want to tell you about the time that I did something crazy and it changed me. I want to tell you about the time that I tried to walk 3,000 miles all the way across the United States of America, the big challenge that got in my way and the five life lessons that I learned. But way before I tried to walk across America, my story begins with my father. My dad used to always tell me when I was little, Mike, there's two things that are most important to me. Number one, I want you to be healthy and number two, I want you to be happy. Now the healthy part, that came easy to me, but the happiness, I struggled with that. I was kind of a shy and depressed kid and I thought if I could get everyone to like me, you know, maybe I would be happier. So I said about trying to get everyone to like me and I'll let you guys in on a little secret. I was very effective at getting people to like me. In fact, by the time I was 22, I'd become famous. I would walk on the stages and people forget about like, they would scream for me. I would take my shirt off at the concert. They'd scream even louder. I'd go backstage. They'd tell me how great I was. But I get to the hotel and I'd be alone. And the happiness that Dad wanted for me, it just wasn't there. I don't know how to tell you this. I tried everything. Therapy, meditation, self-help books, and retreats, nothing worked. And it's not like this went on for six months. This went on for ten years. And so out of options, I decided to chase after the happiness that Dad wanted for me. And one last way, in a way that had been stuck in my head for many years, I decided to walk across America. Now very quickly, the people I worked with in the music industry gave me the feedback that this was both a bad and a crazy idea. You can't just stop making albums, stop doing shows and leave. This is a career-ending decision. That's when I learned Life Lesson number one. That all crazy ideas are great. But all great ideas are crazy. So I made the decision, but still these negative thoughts kept coming up in my head. Thoughts like, what if I really hurt myself permanently from doing this walk? What if they're right? And I do ruin my career from trying this project. And if I fail, what if I don't make it across? And I like, I fell in front of everyone. And it make matters worse, I lived in LA, but strategically I wanted to start walking on the East Coast. So before I walked across America, I had to drive across America. And I don't know if you guys have checked lately, but America, it's really freaking why. It's really freaking why. In fact, even driving across it at 70 miles per hour was daunting. I literally had to look at this vast, expansive land that I was going to attempt to walk across. I was going to try to walk one eighth, the circumference of planet Earth. And so it was scary. But on April 15, 2019, I stood off the coast of New Jersey and I took a step. And when I took that step, all the fears and doubts about what might happen if I chose to do this, they disappeared because I was doing it. And that's when I learned the second lesson. Step one is take one step. I walked across New Jersey and Pennsylvania. I walked across Ohio where I developed blistering foot pain. It was worse than I thought it would be, but I kept going. I walked across Indiana and Illinois. I walked across Missouri during a heat wave. I walked across Kansas. I walked into Colorado. Before I knew it, I'd been walking for over three months. I could just see the Rocky Mountains on the horizon. When, ow! Pain, shout out my left leg. And then I heard a sound that I didn't want to hear. Shhh. Shhh. And I realized that a poisonous rattlesnake had just sunk its fangs into my left leg. I called 911 and I asked this patch, am I going to die? And the voice on the other end of the phone said, I don't know, sir. I spent three nights in the ICU and my leg swelled to the size of an elephant trunk. I went from walking 24 miles every day to not being able to walk to the bathroom. But after a lot of PT and great medical care, a really funny thing happened, I got better. It's not how the decision to make. I could either A, return to my life of fame and luxury and Uber eats. And unhappiness. Or I could B, go back to the swell-thring heat. Go back to the blistering foot pain. Go back to the sides of the roads where the cars almost hit me every single day. This past suck and it hurt a lot but it taught me lesson number three. When it comes to things I care about, my reasons to quit are always excuses and disguise. See, I had the best reason to quit of all time. Let me spell it out for you. I was bit by a deadly snake and almost died. This is the gold standard of reasons to stop doing something. In fact, it was such a good reason to quit. That if I did quit, most people probably wouldn't even consider me a quitter. It would just be a really cool story with a badass ending. But I wasn't doing this for most people. I knew. I knew that the only way for me to become the version of myself that I'd actually be proud of and have a chance to taste the happiness that dad wanted for me so bad was to walk the remaining 1,000 miles. And I don't know how to tell you this. There was no podcast I could listen to about it. There was no book I could read about it. There was no documentary I could watch about it. There was no magical piece of advice a friend could give me about it. There was no psychedelic. I had to do it. I had to do it. And so I went back to the exact spot that that darn snake bit me. I was scared to go back there too. And I took a step and I kept taken steps until I walked up and over the Rocky Mountains. And I kept taking steps until I walked across Colorado. And I kept taking steps when I didn't want to keep taking steps I kept taking steps until I walked across Navajo nation I kept taking steps until I walked across Arizona I kept taking steps until I walked across N Nevada I kept taking steps until I walked across the Mojave Desert. I kept taking steps until the Hollywood sign was on my right. I kept taking steps until the pavement turned into sand. I kept taking steps until my walk transformed into a sprint. And after six months and three days, 2,851 miles, 5.7 million steps, I dove face first into the Pacific Ocean. And while I was in that water, an unfamiliar emotion washed over me. And that was happiness. And that's why I learned lesson number four, true happiness comes from growth. And so now I had the health, I had the happiness, vying at my dad. Two years before I started walking across America, my dad was diagnosed with glioblastoma. I was a form of brain cancer. And on January 11th, 2017, my dad passed away. And I want to be real with you today. I had the idea and the inspiration to walk across America way before my dad got sick. But every time spring rolled around, I was saying next year, next year I'm too busy right now. I got a concert, I got a tour next year, I got work, I got a wedding, that I don't want to go to. But I feel like I got to go to it next year, next year. And as a result of me saying next year, my dad never got to see me achieve my biggest dream, my biggest accomplishment. And he never got to see me truly happy. And so if lesson number one is not all crazy ideas are great, but all great ideas are crazy. And lesson two is step one is take one step. Three reasons are excuses in disguise for true happiness comes from growth. And lesson number five, don't wait. Don't wait. Thank you. This song is for dad. You tell me that you can see your mother. I couldn't see her. That was my fault it wasn't yours. And I spit back these words I heard in Rom Doss lectures to make you feel better about what's in store. And everyone has their theory of where you're going. And here I am about to throw more words on top of that pile. I happen to think that you always know who I am. You're just stretching out your wings. You're gonna fly for a while. And that's all right with me flying baby flies. And that's all right with me flying baby fly. And I'm so tired of life inside the saddle. There's no reason for that it happened just because. And the moon so bright tonight that I have a shadow. That's a reminder that I'm not a what thought I was. And everyone has their theory of where you're going. And here I am about to throw more words on top of that pile. I happen to think that you always know who I am. You're just stretching out your wings. You're gonna fly for a while. That's all right with me flying baby fly. Yeah that's all right with me flying baby fly. Yeah that's all right with me flying baby fly. Yeah that's all right with me flying baby fly. And then it comes undone It all unwinds And there's only so much I can take Only so much time It comes undone It all unwinds Been in the dark so long That the light just makes me blind Been in the dark so long That the light just makes me blind At some point every light Begins to flicker So I suspect that even mine Will start to wane But I've gotten an idea That I'd like you to consider If I could love you Without trying to change You could you do the same Thank you guys so much, my friends, and I appreciate you.