 Hello. It is so fantastic to be here with the Ted community and here with you, Marcus, here in Chelsea at Havanbar to talk about food for good. So I'm so excited for this conversation because there's never a moment where your story and the way in which you think about food isn't inspiring. So let's start with your story. How did you get here today? Yeah, well, first of all, I'm extremely excited to be part of this dialogue and also to do with Yufalma, that dear, dear friend of mine, but also somebody that I admire in all things culture and sometimes food. I've had a year thinking of food. Yes. I appreciate it. It's not my expertise though. Let's do your space. Yeah. You know, I was born in Ethiopia and I realized always start with that. But like all our journeys, it's not linear. I was adopted and my mother and I and my sister, we had tuberculosis and she took us from this tiny village to the capital, but not only to the capital to the hospital where she passed away, but we survived. So that walk of 75 miles with two kids, little kids, little kids. I always ask myself, what did we eat? And my sister and I was talked about this constantly. She never thought about what we ate. I say that because I think our journeys as people, even before we start thinking about it, can have impact on food. So I realized that after asking a lot, it must have been this chickpea flower called Shiro, which is really a parrot. So my journey on food starts somewhere there on that walk from Abroko Denna to Adiz. I think we had dried nuts, chickpeas, dried in jaira. All things that are great when you travel and you can kind of just bring with you. We were considered snacks today, but this is something that you eat throughout the continent. It could be your day to me. Once I got to Sweden, you know, and I went just at eight hour ride, I went from being Casa Honsa guy, which is my first name, to Marcus Samilson. I traded in jaira, Shiro and Barbara for herring salmon and macrill. I still don't know which one I like the most, but the big influence for me on food was my grandma. And I'm almost a decent cook and my grandma was an amazing grandmother, Helga. Helga, absolutely. And it wasn't just what we ate, but it was how she perceived the seasonality and how food existed in her space. So there was always a forging season of something. There was always a pickling and preserving time. What is she preserved in pickle? in mushrooms, herring, berries, apple jam. The plum was always the plum jam was always by the plum that had fallen down your full. You got to know this. That's what you told us. You can't give away the plums that already fallen down. They were for us for plum jam, something you had to know. But the plum from the tree that was really nice, you can give to the neighbor over here, for example. There was rules with what food we gave away where we kept here. So anyway, food existed at early days, never around luxury, but more around this is what we do. I don't remember buying a lot of food with my grandmother. Of course she went to the store, but not with us. Most of the time it was food that we made, the craftsmanship around food. And it seems like in the home of your grandparents, there was also a deep respect for nature. They were living deeply attached to the land. Can you talk about that in terms of the way you continue to think about space and land? The funny thing with my grandparents, Sweden was directly involved in the Second World War, but it impacted. They grew up very poor. All the things that we could on our social media today, I'm going foraging upstate or I'm pickling and I'm doing this. Those were necessities. She didn't cure salmon because she thought it was a meditate. She did it because she had to. She didn't smoke her mac well because it was the new way to get a taste. It was an necessity to keep it three, four, five days longer. That caught soup on the third day, you know what I mean? That was distress to me. Nature became the free kind of home food if you want. If you didn't use it, you weren't smart. Just understanding food from that level, had was not around restaurant. It was always around food as something that was part of what you did. You know, then again, being adopted when you think about identity and food, early on, all the food that we had was Swedish food. Hostel Swedish food because that's where we were. Eventually, as I started to have weekend jobs in restaurants, it was kind of French Swedish food. But my identity around where I was from and where does Ethiopian food fit into this? What's kind of lost on me? And I always want to share identity and conversation around other creatives, chefs of color, artists of colors, creatives of colors, the identity around their own identity and the work. It's almost always a search where you kind of go in and out of ideas that are traditional. And how do you go back to your food? Where do you see yourself in food? And I never saw or had a conversation around black food or the identity around it. So for me, I went to art. You know, my biggest sort of idols at the time were Prince and Shalmi Shalbaskia. I was like, how can these young artists live and exist in the world of art and links, street and gallery? And that for me, if he could do it, maybe one day I could do it in food. Right. That's a shout. So thinking about food memories, I know you have some space here. And we talk about, you know, what it means to think about food as a way that you understand your journey, your identity. Well, I think when you think about black food, particular, with a continent in mind, it's almost three chapters. The first chapters, the origin were most of our food came. Right. We were early on the continent of, you know, trading food, traveling with food. A lot of the grains like I have here, I have a test, one of the oldest grains in the world, or funnial, for example, old old grains. You think about things like shiro, tumeric, satar, or badabere, throughout the region of Africa, Northern Africa, East Africa, food in terms of it was, it was currency. It was spices was currency. These incredible markets of America, or Cairo, these were trading places. And so much of the identity, and so much of the food came from the continent. Then when colonization happened, all the great food that comes from the continent, we now have to start thinking about, through your opinions. And this still sticks with us, right? When we think about a great coffee, we hear it through a French rose, the Italian rose, versus the origin of Ethiopia for a chap. When we think about a great Belgian chocolate, you know, we don't think about it that the cocoa bean is from Ghana. It's not until the last five, 10 years where we kind of reshapen that. But obviously, through all things food today, it's such a made the machine is such a major economy. So over the last 100 years, we've been taught that the great chocolate comes from Belgium and the great so and so come through France, getting that identity back. This is what I think present and future work is about. If we think about good food, it has to be linked with origin, identity, and how do we rephrase this and reshape this that the origin of the place actually get acknowledged. And we're going to come back to that. The other part that obviously black food from the continent has gone through, was, you know, when I was coming up, the way people talk about food from Africa was very often through France. So this identity around food was just something that we could help through aid. It's not the only way, of course, that we engage in food in Africa. So it's all of this misconception of one experience that we as creatives have chefs today almost have to share and keep telling your story in order so the value proposition from the receiver wherever they are, ceases through the right lens, but also in the continent, right? Why would I go into food today if there's no value proposition? But if we value cocoa beans and the value of a coffee farm, that tab that stays in the continent and says, Hey, this is not valuable. That's working for Microsoft. And it seems, you know, the name of this talk today is food for good, but it seems that that narrative shift has been a part of your work as a chef from the beginning. So how did you become a chef? And maybe while we're saying that, do you want to eat? Yeah, let's bring in some food. Yeah, absolutely. So I hope this audience, I wish you go all could smell and see all that is here. But Marcus, let's talk about what we're having. Well, we're going to have a simple dish that all hints and links back to the continent. And I think when you think about modern black and modern food through the continent, it will taste and look like something like this. This is a restaurant food. If you add eat locally, anywhere on the continent, it would be much more regional and not so much fuss around it the way we do our chefs. But here you have a seared bass that we dip in Teflon. So again, the grain from Ethiopia, but again, just a light touch. We use a fermented corn puree, which is eaten all throughout Africa, whether you call it, you know, we think about Ugarli in Kenya, pop in South Africa, or almost the way we think about Grits. Right? So corn is such a big key to us. Right? I'm just going to have a little nice salsa that we use. Chucumber, simple textures in the salsa we have. Beautiful. Cuiscus. Right? These are all things that why not bring some fresh herbs on top? And a little bit of bbureole just to drizzle. But again, always thinking about when I play positive negative space, really creating this dramatic colors. Right? And you know, my Ethiopian family will be like, how come you don't put more plate on the food? What is this? What is the negative space for? But as we evolve into modern, exciting food, this is now if you go to Accra today, a dish today, Lagos in the restaurant, and a modern restaurant, this is a similar dish that you could smell, eat, and taste. Don't know look good? Fantastic. All right. You know what? That's yours. That's for you. Thank you. That's all you. Thank you. So Marcus, can you, I want you to answer the question first of how you became a chef, but then I want you as you pinted. And as I know, this dish represents for you to talk about this idea of modern black and what that means. But start with first, how you became a chef. Well, I have only had two major passions in my life cooking and playing soccer. And I was completely shocked when I didn't become a shocker soccer star. But I took the same energy of training and working hard into the food game. Thank you. Thank you. Delicious. Good, right? Yeah. A little fermented corn, but I learned a lot of, you know, around being black in Sweden, for me, the blessings of being black in Sweden was really about clarity of my options. Lairity of being a kid that had to proceed excellence right away. It gave me clarity when my other co chefs signed out. I'm like, I'm not even started. So that clarity gave me experiences. And I got scholarship very early on. I traveled to Japan and lived with a family. I didn't know what a mom it was, which you have a mom in this dish until I went to Japan. I got a scholarship to live in Switzerland for two years, right? Completely game-changing experience. Operating food at a hotel in French and German would be in 19, 20 years old. So I was like, oh, I, I belong. Once I knew that I could do this abroad on multiple languages, I'm like, let's go three star Michelin. And it took me a year to get to France, the three star Michelin restaurant in L'Outs allion, Gourmet Splas. And I realized like, this is going to be my life. But I noticed, right? There were Japanese kids there working. There were mostly European kids, even some South Americans, but no black. And anywhere from dining room to in the kitchen, nowhere. So front of the house. So for me, it was really about, where do I fit into? That's a young kid. And it was very clear. It told to me that, you know, one day my chef said, what do you want to do? I said, I want to open a restaurant such as yours. And he just looked at me and said, it's not possible. There will never be a restaurant owned by a black person with those ambitions supported by a customer. And I said, well, I can't lower my dream or ambition. Is that what I don't know what to tell you? You can work in a restaurant, but you can have only one. And that jump off point really became a driving force for me to leave and eventually come to the United States and New York City. And we know what would happen, but I just knew that I could add value up to moving it to myself and to my family. And that's how I got to New York. And when you got to New York, in many ways, that seems to be also where you began thinking about the kind of food journey and the food stories and the food narratives that you wanted to be involved with. I've always imagined deeply the way in which you represent hybridity in such a fantastic way. Right? You think about the ways in which you have brought the many pieces of your life and your culture together in food, but also the way you've been curious in traveling the world to see and engage with food. So can you talk about hybridity, have a way to talk about your concept of modern black and the way in which it's evidence in these points? Tell us about. Well, when I got to New York, I was also extremely fortunate because I was cooking and met other black creatives. And little I know that these creatives would be icons in their industry 15, 20 years later or 10 years. And to have the opportunity to be inspired and break bread and drinks with people like meeting Julie, Marietta, Salo Eithiopian, being an artist, young artists, and the mid-90s, having the opportunity to talk to you, the meeting people like Sanford Biggers. There wasn't in my field, but there were on a journey, and they would never linear with they were. Right? I remember at night with Sanford, he's like, I just came back from Russia. I've been to Russia. I went to Japan. Well, I worked in Japan. And he did it as an artist, and he's a work coming back with this incredible trees. And it was his through black version of himself, but through a lens that was worldly, right? And wait a minute. I as another black person that is not linear is not it's my version. And meeting people that are similar journeys, but yet they're different and the different expressions just inspired me so much. But also being around music, like being around, you know, Tribe Called Quest, you know, Jarobi, there was in the band, then left the band for cooking. So being around these people that were similar in age, doing, talking about a modern blackness that obviously had roots in Africa, but also in the migration, but also in music and art, almost combining. What would that taste like? And coming to America where you thought you were told all black food was southern food, but we know as soul food, and I love southern food. But it wasn't the only story that we could tell, right? When I went to a Haitian restaurant that I loved in Brooklyn, there was John John Rice, there were pic Lee's, when I made to Jamaican restaurant, there were these incredible foods like Ake and Jerk, not telling the story of the migration, and I loved both. So being here in New York showed me the blackness doesn't have to be one way, yet through food, the way the media received it, they wanted to see us through one way, which is very awesome, that when you don't have a majority culture, you can accept a minority culture through one lens. I tell us about this dish. Well, I think one of my favorite things to eat is beef tartar. The beef tartar of this dish has really origin in MoaWice Tribe, Garage, where you make a warm beef tartar, and this is really what you have here. It's a warm beef tartar with some fresh cheese, some pickled onions, and dried in jarra bread again. So we're just going to have you taste that with a little more pepper, and booed modern food to me should be both tribal and modern. Why? Because that's how we live our lives today. We think about identity culture, you can't talk about the confidence when not thinking about tribes. The tribes are kind of the base, and then art, music, dance, spirituality comes out of that, right? You can be one tribe, you can have many spirituality, but in terms of dress code, food, culture, how you celebrate, weddings are all done through that structure. So I'm very much inspired by the tribe in Africa. It doesn't behold me to one is better than other. But when I ask a fellow African, where you from, and he or she might say Nigeria, or would say Senegal, second question is what tribe? If I would ask a European person, like where you from, say England, then what city? Maybe third, I would ask what city did you, what soccer did you like? Which is a formal tribalism, right? But when it comes to the continent, the tribe directs so much what we eat when we eat it, how we celebrate it. So that's kind of the core here, with work of this festive dish out of the garage. And then we bring in these chips to not exist that way, right? So they're long, they're static. Can you talk about these chips? Because I think that's you know a perfect example of the kind of hybridity, right? So your interest in tap, that then has led to a thinking about how to use it, both in ways that honor the tradition culturally, but also make it new. It's one other thing you have to be as a black creative, you have to be your own chair leader, you have to be on Flavor's Lake. Because there's nothing out there to tell you to be heading in the right direction, right? When you see terms and, oh, I just had this great Italian dish, or you know, the way they do that French cooking over there is amazing. We don't have those reference points coming to us through media, right? So you have to actually create this yourself. And sometimes you don't know if you're in your right direction, but you see then you have to create this friendship and colleagues that are really helping and part of the editing nonsense, right? But when I eat theft from the most sour, fresh form, I always think about what would this be like dried like? And then you start seeing theft ships coming up. Like, what if I stretched this? What if I this looks a little bit more like an Alvin Ailey show, like the way the ballerina is. Right? What if I would look at the structure of a julem or have to paint things where it's like stretched, you know? So this is kind of the duality when I listen to Bernard Boy, or when I listen to, let's say, a phyla kuti. I see the linkage together. It's not so much. One was done in the 80s, the 70s and one is done in the 2020s. It's I hear the tonality of both the linkage, same thing with food. And that's why music and art is such a good guidance for me because art, great art is past, present, future. Great music is past, present, future. And with food, if we don't know our past, how are we going to know if it's delicious or not? How are we going to know the reference point? We know this in French cooking and Italian cooking, but we don't know that about the content and that's what we hear online. And how would you know what's good food if you don't even know the past and the present? So let's talk about food for good. What does that mean for you? And why is that such an animating sort of idea in the work that you are doing in your phone artistry as a chef in the restaurants that you've created in the world and the ways that I know you're interacting in thoughts around the future of food and the ways in which we understand them. Well, there's several. Well, the first is I want young Africans to feel like this is a feel you can go into. This is a feel that has value. This is not just a labor of anonymous laborers, where there's no value proposition on their other end. So if you young cook in Uganda, Ethiopia, Nigeria, this is the feel that we got you and there is there's an arch and here's what this trace looked like. But on the other end too is what can we from the west learn from the content? I mean, eating based on a spiritual compass, knowing how something to fast, holding us certain animal protein, thinking about how to break fast, how do we celebrate that? These are all things that we need. I mean, we have the crisis here in terms of you think about eating too much red meat. We're thinking about green and the environment. So we are all collectively in need for eating better and have better systems within food. There's all links. Both from environment, but also from our own body and health. So much of the world's superfood isn't it? We talked about phonyon test, but there are many, Amaran, Moringa and so on. So with everything else, with technology or with other modern teams, we go into depths of finding the origin, honoring the origin, and then that forms us to move forward. In food, we have taken from Africa without actually paying enough respect and tribute back. And why should anyone value their land and properties when there's no value proposition on grown decent? Even the most high-tech food we can think about today, let's just think about something like a Beyond Burger or Impossible Burger, right? Well, a lot of those modern patties are based with chickpeas. Well, Africa gets some of the largest, it's one of the best places in the world with chickpeas, for example. So if you're a chickpea farmer today in Africa and living off $2 a day, if you get the right value proposition of your theft of your chickpeas, maybe you can live on $20 a day. It doesn't sound like a lot, but it's game-changing for that pan. There is a value proposition in all the different steps, but it's also something here that we can learn of. We want to pay the right price. We're talking about the constantly here. We want to make sure that we honor where it comes from. We also want to good or more delicious, and we don't know how delicious it is until we kind of go through all the options and how it got to us. Your work has been a lot about just opening people to new flavors, right? And allowing in your restaurant to constantly experimenting and bringing these flavors from Africa, from the world, you know, in these incredible collisions often. And that's where, for me, it always seems the base of your artistry is, right? Being able to think about how to put things together. Why? First of all, I think it would be extremely blessed by having in my family and mentors around me, family members, but non-family members that said, hey, you know what? We're going to bet on you. And I met some of the most amazing people in food, like Leah Chase, that broke barriers when he came to dining in America, color barriers, right? And when you meet someone like Leah, that own Gitchat in Orleans, only been in business for 83 years and still going. It wasn't so much about the food. I mean, her restaurant is really about is a gathering spot, but civil rights movements, opportunities like myself being here in this country, right? That open door opportunity for Black Chef across the world. So if I've got an opportunity to travel and live out of my dream, I have to kind of bring people into this space and open up other opportunities. So food, I think food can get even better if you invite more people to the parties. For so many years, a chef had to come from France or cook French food. It had to be a man and something almost always angry. Well, that's a small slim space to look at greatness, right? Why not open it up? I love food and I love dining. So why not open up the door and making more inspiring for a larger scale, right? You think about the world cup, or you think about big things that we want to celebrate and be a it's better because of the larger pie as part of it, not better because it's narrower. So I love food. I love my trade and I know we can do better. So when I have an opportunity to open the red room through a half-mar open kitchen, a closeness to the guests and who cooks it. If the customers come up and talk about, you know, what they like and didn't like, is they want to create this close relationship with a chef watching a chef on a journey like we have here in credible fariel that, you know, origin in Ethiopia, but also lived in America for a long time. She want to talk to her, or she's right there. Before when I started, the kitchen was this hole that you never supposed to pick into and it was anonymous label, same thing at Red Brewster. It's an open space that it's a back and forth that you can have a dialogue and I think that food gets better, the more people lean in, not better because it's held in a certain set code. And so really I want to ask you about you at restaurants all around the world, but I know Harlem. It's very close to your heart, close to our heart. And so can you talk about the inspiration that Harlem is for you? Harlem is truly everything. I think I think about Harlem as the black mecca for culture. It's the place where if you're an author in South Africa, you want to come to Shamburg or have a dialogue with the studio museum to show you work. If you're a singer, you know, like Tams in Nigeria or for the world, she's going to come to the Apollo and perform, right? So it becomes really through its history and generations of intellectuals and incredible people like James Baldwin and my Angelo and Lelisco's on and on, right? And the other thing that Harlem has and institution, do you mad? We have them both in people and in buildings, just with five minute walk, or ten minute walk, you can go from the Abyssinia to YMCA, to Shamburg, to Apollo to the studio museum, but you also meet the people that work in. So all of the people of Harlem, the institutions informed me really before I got to Harlem, like this is a great place, this is where great black culture come from. And now it's our job to take that to the next level, both as fire and inspire the next generation. And there's a Harlem everywhere, right? In Berlin, in Cape Town, and some places are obvious, but there's also a Harlem in Tokyo. There's also a black identity in Sao Paulo in these cultures where we think about it or in Mexico, but sometimes also where we don't think about it, because there's people of colors that have creative, of course, ambitions, but then it's a focal place to see where can I show and tell, and Harlem is that place for me. I could keep talking, keep eating, but I want to get to some of the questions that this incredible audience has offered here, just to move this over a little bit. Okay. George would love to know how your philosophy differs or has similarities with the slow food movements. Well, I think there's a lot of crossover and a lot of the people that I admire, like a Leah, for example, were part of this slow food movement when he started. And I think that we, they're all path about figuring out originality and broadcasting that and identity around food. I'm broadcasting that to a larger audience, because if you think about Native American culture, or if you think about Native culture from Africa, or Native culture from South America, there's a lot of incredible cooking and pickling and preserving and nature-driven things that we still actually create up to today, whether it's barbecuing, whether it's smoking, whether it's jerky, that we still work up today, but we're not giving enough credit to the origin. Why should that be? You know, authorship, who gets to tell that story, who gets to share that story, authorship, right? You will live in a time of AI where you can search for all of stuff, but if we don't talk about it and document that, it will never show up on AI. And therefore, the most, what people are going to think about is the most reliable place is not reliable. So I think it's having these incredible, respectful, but also past, present, future-looking organizations, it's important that we do bring up origin, authorship, identity, because if you don't have value around that, why should the next generation opt-in? Just so many things you can be part of. Why food? And we have to make our case and make it much more inclusive so we get to become a place that strives and people feel like, I'm part of that. I want to be part. There's a place that are from right and they want to be in it in ways that are positive and absolutely. Here is a question, one here, from last. I have a nine-year-old daughter and we have an amazing variety of foods where we live in Uganda. What do you advise as a good way to build a healthy life and diet for her as she grows? And I know you have a very deep personal experience with that. Yes. First of all, I see you Uganda. I know Ugarli, we just talked about second time. We talked about Ugarli here. That's amazing, which is one of the staples in Uganda and Tanzania and Kenya as well. I think if you can, variety of your food, right? So bringing in seafood, doing you can't do that diet, bringing in a blend between animal protein, so it's not just not just meat that has been braised for a long time. So yeah, different type of cooking methods that go through that. And of course, vegetables and grains, having like a couscous salad or a cracked weed salad that you're bringing tons of vegetable things to. So I think the variety of your diet and then maybe, you know, I think the key for me is really flexitarian, right? Where you are, you are vegetarian leaning and maybe bringing meats, three days tops a week. But how would you do that like with her nine-year-old? How do you do that with children? There's no age limit to that. You know, trust me, Zain and I and A.V. Gray. My son, Zain is seven, almost eight. And your daughter? Daughter, Grace. We cook all the time and very often it starts with no, right? But what Zain loved is going with me to the market and picking out in three. So really bringing in the children early in the process, maybe two days before, if you're going to cook on a Thursday, say on Saturday, we're going to go to the market and we're going to meet Jim, the fish guy. And he sometimes throws in an extra piece of fish, could be sort fish. Oh, how exciting, right? So it's not on Saturday at nine o'clock because that might be too early. It's really about building the week around that, right? Or if we go upstate, you know what? The pumpkin glows are amazing. And really talking about it early, you got to make food cool to any age, right? Whether you're a child or someone working in an office. If you got to find a way to engage and really talk to your children about it and not just presenting their food, cooking food, include them in the process. Thank you. This is from Dana. We're sitting in Havana, and the question is, how do you create the vibe in all of your restaurants? There's always a good vibe in a market, Sam Wilson restaurant. Well, I'll say one of the great things about Black culture and African culture is that regardless of the moment, the energy is always high. It's always lit. Whether, you know, if you've never been to funeral in Africa, it's hard, but it's always through usage. So that level of joy that is truly in and of Black culture, you see in our music, you see in our culture, that's something I want to share with our audience. It's not just for its other Black culture, but it's for everyone. When you enter the space of Red Roosters, it's celebration of maybe you weren't welcome at other places. Maybe you had the questions, would there be Black people seat at the table? Will there be a Black server? All those silent questions that we have Black professional women asked ourselves, will this serve a come to my table? None of that will happen at our restaurant. You are here as a guest and we're going to celebrate you. We start that off with high level energy, because this might be the only time you come to one of our restaurants. We want you to have that experience. So that is baked in the cake. Have to be. All the spaces you create. All the spaces. You see absolutely. How do you start the process of thinking about how you get to that? Well, I'm very slow in my process. Red Roosters took eight years, how much four years, which was fast, but it starts very often through the through artists. Like here, we have a luxury to talk to you, but also to our dear friend Derek Adams, that has made these bespoke and credible Black Mermaid work here. Derek and I, we stood here in an empty location here in New York and we talked about water. I knew that was an important part and the dual identity about Nordic and Africa. And he came back and said he should be about Black Mermaids. Once he had the Mermaids, then that decided to shape. It wasn't just Derek hanging his bar. That's Derek's identity and he thought process around the mermaid has been the leading force of creativity for us as a restaurant. So knowing going into space, knowing that you don't have all the answers, but working with incredible talented people that are thinking about it from a different lens with a similar goal. So real collaboration. So from Fernando, how can chefs navigate the delicate balance between culinary innovation and cultural preservation, especially in light of controversy surrounding the interpretation and adaptation of traditional dishes by foreign chefs? I think that I think that first of an amazing question, very hard space. I think that when you create, you have to separate home food, traditional food and restaurant food. You have to think about a restaurant I've brought with. You're putting on a show, you're coming from a place that the chef and that restaurant's identity decides where you're going to go in this place. A restaurant is a gathering spot where you talking about what have you been inspired by? What do you want to share? It's not a place a museum or a library where you kind of try to preserve and present. It could be with the restaurants in that where I think about it, it's not from the authentic point of view only originality. I want to respect where it came from, but also when I show we are going through this process. This is why I talked a lot about black modern. It's not a place where it's only back right? That's where I think music is so amazing because it allows us to see new versions, hear new versions. It's still of the continent, it's still of black creatives and music throughout has helped us understand this. You think about gospel to jazz, R&B, to funk, to hip-hop, to Afrobeat, right? It's all sounds that comes out of black culture that is out of joy and out of all the moments sometimes when we go through tough times, but it guides us through and I think the same with food, but there are evolution in this almost like a five to ten year peg around that same with food. We evolve. We can be both tribal and tech. We can be this, I feel like as a black modern and visual living in the world, living as close to Adiz, as Stockholm, Frankfurt to New York, it's not when we present our restaurant in Adiz on the 47th floor, which opened when? In November of 23. It was never about serving traditional Ethiopia food. That building by itself is such a beacon. It's really telling Ethiopia, here's where we're going and you are part of this journey and the young chefs cooking in the kitchen, they are also part of a journey. You come back three years later and you're going to see them out in the world. Thank you. From Patrick, what's your basic rule for how to combine the breadth of ingredients to end up with an interesting meal? Well, I think it's not about forcing the interesting. It's really one of the beauty of being a chef is that the craftsman's chef, just a basic fundamental takes a long time and that's the beauty because you have to do it a lot. Once you have the basic fundamental of cooking, now you can mix and match the way you understood which is post-traditional and has a level of uniqueness, right? But without having that, that's why I feel sorry for young chefs that are so fast just want to push through it. That's not where the great craftman's chef is going to come from. It's going to come from repetition. When you look at amazing artists, even amazing filmmakers, some of the best work is somewhere between 70 and 80. You know, you think about Scorsese is still making incredible movies. And I look at amazing artists, right? It's not because how fast you're running going to do it. The better you get at your craft, so for me, it's about being passionate and being fascinated at the craft at the same time, but through the blend of passion and fascination, you will evolve. And if you evolve, great stuff will come. If you only want to get there fast, you can have hits and it could work for a moment, but you have to constantly fall in love with your craft. It's constantly be curious about yourself and the craft and the team that you want to kind of build around you. And my father was a tribe leader in Ethiopia. Watching him engage you with a tribe, not understanding the language, but understanding how watching how he move people, fascinating. Yes. How do you define your personality through your dishes? I don't think there's separation. I mean, I'm the most fluent when you take snifes. I never, maybe it's because I've been in England six times. Language I always mix them up. It sometimes it can be Germans, of course, it can be Swedish, some can be English, of course. But if you want to know why I am, taste the food. I think also, but I might answer this. I think also your dishes also give us a view into the different aspects of your journey. Different moments in the decades that I've known you there. Your interest in certain ingredients in dishes you've made really been an indication of a moment, where you've been exploring and investing, thinking about the past, but also thinking very much about the future. I think now some of these plates remind me a little bit of maybe a hint of something that you made 20 years ago, but then I also know it's a hint of something you're going to make 20 years from now. Absolutely. And that's the joy of being in a place where you can trust the craftsmanship, but also being introduced to new things and new ways. When I go to the continent of Africa, I'm still learning how to eat in a new way. If you speak to anyone from Ghana or Nigeria, or even more in Nigeria, I don't know. I would say swallow. Swallow is the whole way of eating that is so clear to anyone that is not yet. And if you don't know how to do it, people are going to laugh at you and talk to you about another table. And I learned that maybe at 35. And I've been cooking. I was like, what if swallow would have been from France? It would have been something we've been taught in cooking schools. So again, food, dining, culture, has so much breadth and depth. We learn how to eat chopsticks when Japanese people become popular to the world. So there's still new ways of eating, not just new ways of cooking, but I can't wait. Let's see some of those. Yeah. We have time for a few more questions. There's so many great questions here. And I want to thank everyone for these fantastic questions. Someone asked, I love how you mentioned that cooking is an art. What do you must have tools as an artist chef you can't move without? And I'm not sure if this question you're meant quite literally tools, but I'm going to say any tools, not just the literal tools of cooking, but what tools can't you live without? I think they're very different for each chef. For me, it's really about protecting your sense of flavors. So for me, I'm very sort of cautious about what I, like, for example, I would never smoke, not because I think people smoke about people. I should, I protect my sense of flavor. That's a natural tool. No, it's the tool, right? Being curious, the day I stopped thinking about food and a very primal sense, the day I don't enjoy that. I should quit. So keeping that, those are tools for me that are you have to keep the joy in there and you have to be curious, but you'll have to protect your body in a sense that you can't operate on that high level, right? Yeah. Iron cast band, great, great with a good spatula. When I look at the great cooks that I've been around, Leah, my grandmother, they would never decide by the tools. When I go to Ethiopia and we run, right? Even if we send tons of shoes, they never, the kids never wear the shoes because they protect them for a good day. It's not running. And I got my new Nikes at Eda's, whatever, it was on. And still, they're like 30 yards ahead of me looking back. He's like, oh, you coming? To never about for me, but the tools that talent. It's also the love of the craft. So for home cook, eat your food, eat out, and keep that love of curiosity and stay hungry. All right. For our last question, I know there are so many more that we all want to ask, but tell us what food ingredients cuisine is inspiring you now. What would you send us all to think about? Look at and taste. I would say wherever you are in the world, support your local black west. Follow a chef of color in your neighborhood or outside journey. Because through that lens, you will learn new food. And it doesn't matter if you're of color or not because if you want to know about the mistakes about John, John from Haiti, it's not going to be through that major platform that you read it. It might be through that local restaurant. And you are missing out if you not have had John, John. If you want to know about what's happening in the underbelly of cooking that not then becomes the pop culture, follow the chefs in your community, support them. You know, Chef Mama, there was a line cook with us for years at Brewster. She moved back to Ghana in order to come back and start a food conference called Black Women in Food in DC. Sold out by the way. Today is coming back to Red Rooster to do your pop up. Now that 360 for me, I'm for coming back. I mean, lived in Harlem in in in Little West Africa, as we call it on the while 16th Street on the west side, working at Red Rooster, taking that experience, going back, opening a restaurant, where former Rooster staff have actually worked in. And then coming back to America through a conference that she created, in order and then tonight to do her pop up, that for me is truly understanding connectivity, watching her go as a great chef and as a contributor in the food space. That is really what inspires me and keeps me going. Things like that. Chef, like Mama. Yeah. Well, I think in many cases, that's possible because of the inspiration you've given so many chefs to understand how they can root in culture, how they can use their ancestry, the places they are from, the places they've been as inspiration, and also bring some of the many ways in which our culture show up into the space of restaurants. I mean, so much of your work has provided that path for so many. So what's a word of inspiration that you give to young chefs? But what do you give them? Absolutely. As a way to give them the charge because your inspiration, of course, was instigated by someone saying to you, you cannot do this. And here we are now. After decades where you have done this to James Beard Awards, memoirs, and TV shows and restaurants around the world and cooking for presidents and musicians and the whole world and living for creators as well. And you've done this so deeply throughout the world. What would you say to a young person who comes and says, how do I do this? A, welcome to our community. You will always be busy. Stay curious. Learn the craft. Learn the craft. Keep cooking. Keep cooking. And then I literally, like I mean it, stay hungry. Write your food. Both write your food and cook your food. Even at its worst stage, it's a starting point. So I've written so many, I cooked so many bad dishes before I get to the good dish. So for me, it's really understanding the past and we learn the history, we learn the craft. Keep cooking and stay curious because if you do all that, somewhere you will learn about yourself and the joy of breaking bread and the joy of doing bad dishes because if you do 10 bad dishes, that 11 times, that might be great. I think that's a great metaphor for any creator pursuit, right? The ability to stay curious, stay hungry. Keep allowing oneself the opportunity for failure because as you say, that 11th dish, that 11th try is then where the joy is. Marcus, thank you so much. Thank you so much. Not only for this fantastic meal, this fantastic conversation, but also for the great opportunity you've given us all to learn so much about food and culture. And I want to say thank you to Dama Golden for being here. As always, here at Hall of Marble, literally here for us in the Ted community. And thank you to the Ted audience for giving us this platform. We really appreciate it and I'll see you here at Hall of Marble, at Red Rooster, or anywhere where we are past eight classes. Thank you so much for having us. Let's stay hungry.