 So most of us here are migrants. We have moved for opportunities and a better life for ourself and our children. There are three quarters of a billion worker globally whom I great within their countries. Some go to the nearest town for short duration and some travel thousands of miles for months even years. Living all they know including their families behind. These migrants work at a construction site, manufacturing units, agriculture fields. But unlike us, they are not migrating for opportunities but to survive. Majority of them are poor, walking for very low wages and lack safety net. Many face hunger, debt and exploitation. Without safety net, one job loss, one health emergency, undermine years of effort and keep them trapped in the cycles of poverty. I come from India. India is faster growing economy in the world and home to 200 million internal migrants. These migrants directly contribute at least 10% in our 3 trillion GDP. But they lack safety net. What's remarkable is that we have huge safety net system in India which provide various benefits like cash transfer, food subsidy, health care insurance. In fact, there are 7,000 benefits available with the billions of dollars allocated for poor, including migrants. And evident shows that these benefits help in a huge way. And globally, safety net have been reduced, poverty by 40%. But if migrant can access them, and access is not very easy. Most do not know about the benefit. If they do, requirements are too complex and too many for the migrants who are daily wage earner. So money and program is exist. But the delivery system is just not working. And this is what our team and partners at migrant resilience collaborative trying to fix. Our goal is simple. We build resilience and ensure dignity of the migrant community. For this, we have adopted two-pronged strategy. Our team, over 1,000 people, themselves come from the migrant community, help millions across 100 districts to overcome the challenges in the delivery and access of their benefits. And same time, we establish feedback loop from the community to the government and industry. So we can improve the underlying system, policy design, and accountability to fix the system long-term for tens of million more. In just two and a half years ago, what we started as an audacious idea. Today, the planet's largest grassroots-led collaborative for the migrants and has helped over 3 million households for the social security benefits. Benefits for the people like Suresh. We made Suresh when he was looking for a daily job work in Mumbai. Let's hear from him. As a son, every meter's age, she pressures her while mawa. When uns térs found out about her wife, the police did not thanked my daughter. When I called her, she replaced her son. I knew herwell... I won't leave her. But as a result of this, Somehow… Some kind of *** We used to claims about ways to deal with them, Some others seem to know this, Some serious problems especially from labour end or remain too vulnerable, I had a Kitaan problem, Maybe you spoke about it before… Maybe we just had to tell — Why you lied once? For example, if the work we只是 done or not the locals have a conversation, Even after a long term, I have learnt a small bit about life. However, she should not help people experienced one another. After all, in my leadership, I have learnt muscles. Iım I will be doing activities to make ahh Recht mile! Every time I meet me, there will be some crowd in the audience like you! Kayakomu Chila will be English for education kamkaras With support of our team, Suraj has access to food security, insurance and a hope to continue education for his children. And most importantly, most importantly, knowledge on how to access his rights and entitlements. Let me leave you with this, with climate change. The migration is set to grow at an unprecedented scale in our countries. We will scale our program across South and Southeast Asia to share our work with the world. There are hundreds of million people who work very hard to build modern society from ground up. The buildings where we live or walk in, the airport, the big hotels, but yet none of these accessible for them. This is the moment where we should recognize their contribution and ensure they will no longer invisible or ignored. They belong. We do this work to honor their dignity. Thank you.