 Thank you so much for being here and welcome. Thank you. Thank you. So to get started, it would be helpful to hear a brief overly simplistic summary of what each of you envisions when you imagine a peaceful future for Israel and Palestine. And from there we can go into the details of how your visions might become a reality. So let's start with Ali and then we can go to Ami. Hello everyone. Thank you for having us. Ami, you look great. Well, I envision as a solution maker, I envision a place where our both identities are in harmony of our lives. Both sides has tremendous deep roots to this land from the ideology side of it, from the political side of it, from the national side of it, from the religious side of it. So peace for me where these two identities are practiced freely in harmony into operation with the whole world and the Middle East around us. That's my big vision. Thank you, Ali. Thank you. Thank you for having us and having me here. I would say yes to everything that Ali just said. I would add a couple of things. One is that when people talk about literally solutions to this, there always is debates of, you know, one state to state confiteration, all of those things. There are seven million Palestinians who live as we say between the river and the sea. And I think it's important to start by saying that all of them are staying there. There's a sort of set of, of poisonous beliefs out there that wants to either get rid of the Palestinians or tell the Jews to go back where they came from or whatever. None of that is going to happen. The Jews are saying the Palestinians are saying. And I think one of the almost like most urgent things right now is to create a sort of informal coalition of all those people who agree on that basic starting point, which is that whatever solution we end up with has to include and compass everyone who was there. No one is, no one is leaving. And ironically, there are lots of people on the outside, who I think are sort of poisoning the well bit by saying things like, you know, they should leave or they should go. What's the people who are there know that they're basically staying. So the specific solutions, you know, one state, two states, can'tons, confiteration. I sort of as long as there is peace, justice, freedom, dignity for all the mechanics of it matter less to me. I have my preferences. But it starts from this idea that the people are there. They're not going anywhere and we have to find a solution together. Thank you both for sharing that and to get to that place of peace, it's going to require fundamental shifts in so many aspects of reality right now, right security arrangements, economic cooperation, cultural education, human rights under the law and, and of course leadership. So let's let's dive in a bit further. What are some of your visions for what these shifts must entail and how they might truly occur and we can go back to Ali for this one. Yeah, I think any any peace process needs an umbrella, a political umbrella that will guarantee enough and promote enough development enough healing enough recognition enough cooperation between both sides. You know, one of our biggest problems as solution makers and peacemakers sometimes between me and I may I promise you put us in a room for one hour we come up with an agreement. This is not the problem is we need a clear direct mechanism on the ground that will speak to the people need not just transform people emotions. I mean most of the Jewish people in this land most of the Palestinian people of this land are for peace yesterday, not tomorrow, whatever you see in the media. I'm telling you we live here, we live with the people. Their deep intention is to have peace, but the problem is people fear solution people fear peace. Bees need courage solution need courage number two, we still act as victims, both sides still as victims. We have this competition of suffering who suffers more. This need always leads us to suffer more and more number three were a good resource for international politics as I'm in mentioned there are many fingers and hands in this conflict that poisoning our reality every day for their own interest. That's why no one is going to help us as long as we are not able to help ourselves here on the ground. So for me non violence activism is is my priority to create this non violence coalition and non violence movement that I'm leading today which names that here change because if we want to change reality we need alternatives. We need alternatives that speaks to people need to people if one of me to people security to people freedom of movement to people education we need all of those system as part of a sustained political agreement that hopefully post sides will push for we need recognition we need to see each other. I mean we should stop arguing each other identities and switch to argue each other behaviors because because occupation is a behavior violence is a behavior so if we feel secure to change to see and recognize our identities we will be able to change these behaviors that cause us this ignorance of of ignoring each other identities. This is a fundamental need for any piece process to happen and we need good leadership to lead the process the good leadership with the grassroots pressure this is how do I see it otherwise believe me we fight we killed each other enough no one is going to disappear no one is going to give up who he who he is or his commitment to this land. And with my soul it seems like the world doesn't exactly love Jews and the Arabs doesn't exactly love Palestinians we just have each other. Thank you for that again I can agree with every word that Ali says I won't you know repeat any of that I just sort of add a few things one maybe just you know piggyback a little bit on one one thing I think you said Ali I think in terms of perception I think perception very often ends up being truth self perception is a truth of the situation. In a David and go I'm situation both sides believe they are David this is this is really important now of course outside will say what do you mean obviously Israel is stronger et cetera absolutely compared to the Palestinians but within the broader Arab and Muslim world and within sort of Jewish history the deep perception of of Israelis is that we are the David they are the David versus a go lie out there and so this sort of victim who the Olympics gets played all the time who's more of a victim and that gets pretty tiresome pretty cool. So we're not going to be in the end we have to all come out of this before going on though I don't recognize that we're not having this conversation in a vacuum people are dying Gaza right now there are hostages in Gaza right now the situation is the worst it's been in my lifetime. I think to just acknowledge that the sooner that can end the damage that is being that that has been done now you know for last four months is going to last lifetimes is going to be remembered for lifetimes and so the sooner that can stop and anyone anywhere who can do anything to stop it is welcome to contribute to stop it I mean this the deaths the killing the hostage situation has to stop today so just one acknowledge this is happening right now and it's it's dire. People are on the verge of starvation Gaza aid has to get in now so just to sort of acknowledge that then just a couple of things more you ask about the future Chloe for things to move forward both sides and people some people hate when you just say the word both sides well both sides in this case all sides have extremists that are going to make peace very difficult and they're not just a couple hundred people you know there are hundreds of thousands of people on each side who believe in the world and they're not going to be able to do that. They believe that the whole place belongs to them and we're going to make peace difficult and the problem here is that each side has a sideline their own extremists Israel I don't believe this is my personal view here Israel is not going to defeat Hamas I think Hamas represents an idea I don't think Hamas can be defeated in the same way it's not for the Palestinians to go and defeat the settlers I don't think they can I think that the Jews have to handle their extremists the Palestinians have to handle their extremists. This is really the work that Ali is doing and that is incredibly to me heroic dealing with your own extremes otherwise nothing changes and unless both sides can deal with their extremes nothing is going to is going to change here. Thank you both for that and I mean you're sort of touching on this a bit but I think it would be really helpful to hear from both of you on what you each view as distinctly Israeli and distinctly Palestinian responsibilities in this quest for peace you've mentioned. You've mentioned extremists but what else what else is there in that and feel free to continue on me. Well there are two things here let me actually start with the more abstract one I think sometimes people ask you know each other that they can ask me in some cases what why is this whole conflict so intractable and I think there are two answers one answer is sort of the obvious one which is that you have a piece of land where the two groups want and this is not a border dispute. But if you're actually relatively rare in the world you have a situation where where large portions of two groups believe that the whole thing is theirs and that the other ones suggests basically leave or be second class citizens so it's a fight about the whole thing and that part is relatively easy to explain you have a fight over a piece of land. But if you're not in the world you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where you have a situation where the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the a the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the Pcess отд the the the the the the the the the the Pcess отд the D the Pcess D D the D the Pessirax D the Pessa D thee the Pessirax D D the Pessirax D D the P棒 D the P No D in their hand. And so if I let you go, you will stop me. And this is why, this is very specifically why October 7th was so destructive because it proved to those people who believe if you just let go, they will stop you, then in fact, they will. And so you get into this whole thing of how can we allow, you know, a Palestinian state in a West Bank two minutes from the airport, et cetera, et cetera, if they will love missiles from there. So there's a mutual responsibility because unless the perceived threat of violence and death is removed, you're not going to sort of let go. And so it has to be, it has to come together. There has to be on the one hand Israel from my point of view, and this is where Israelis can get mad. I think Israel has not made a good faith effort to say, let's end this thing truly. A good faith effort would mean no more settlements, for example, as we have in the last 50 years, let's truly find a way to end this way in which Jerusalem is shared and which we truly can live together in some way. Two states, one, I don't really care, will make a good faith effort, truly a good faith effort. And then Palestinians can make their own sort of effort. So it's complicated requires both. One side can't do this. Makes a lot of sense. I mean, what I feel like adding to what Amid just said, I think we have to start from the deep, deep roots of the problem. First of all, both sides has to describe the problem right because halfway to the solution is the right description to the problem. The description of the problem is all about the other side. No, the problem is also us. Each one has to look in the mirror and see where they fail to achieve peaceful future for their kids at least. That's them. And this is very hard paying for lesson because you cannot ask a victim to judge themselves because it's much easy to judge the other, but not to judge ourselves. Number two, we need a clear vision. What is our vision of solution? And when I say a vision, I don't mean one state to state three states. Any politician or any group of people, leaders, will put both identities in a place of harmony and that can function in a way that will give everyone the chance to practice who they are without building their ideology or security or freedom. On the other side, the expense, he will be my hero. One state, two state, federal solution, hundred state. This is not the question. The question will be to the mission, which is number three. The mission has to be creating an environment where solutions are possible because today everything is impossible. The only possible thing is to fight. But when we look forward and we look further, we don't see, we just see graves. We don't see any any kind of normal environment. Then the homework to do is through social change that has to be created to lead for political change because there are values that we need to build in our own societies. We clean up trash from streets. Then people say, what the what this has to do with the occupation? It's all about to do with the occupation because what's the connection between the trash on the streets? If we want statehood, if we want an independent democratic clean society and the occupation, we have to be free because no one will free us as long as we are taking an execute to destroy ourselves and give the occupation even legitimacy to destroy us more and more. So this is a self-lead and a self-responsibility. On the other hand, I have been saying, my biggest enemy are not the Jews. Our biggest enemy are not the Jewish people. It's the fear of the Jews that cause a surprise of our dignity and freedom. So Jewish people has to heal also their own fear and understand that the Holocaust is over. It's over and never again and Palestinian has to say that, never again before Jews saying that because this crime should not be allowed anymore for any human being on earth, not just for Jews, for everyone, for the people in Gaza, for the people in Stero for everyone, if we are really solution makers. Finally, it's the this environment will be led and labeled by nonviolence because nonviolence can promote every solution for every need in this in the society. We cannot start with reconciliation. Listen, we don't love each other. We kill each other. We cannot just hug each other for hummus and say, let's pray for peace. No, this is not going to work. We need nonviolence activism because Israelis and Palestinians need to achieve security and freedom. Then we need a political agreement. We need a reconciliation process between both sides. So this is how do I see it in three steps. Thank you both for your beautiful words on this. It's really powerful to hear both of you share how how this could look and experience firing. And one question actually from several people that has come up in different variations that I think is a nice segue is what other countries can do to help this situation. So let's start with you again, Ami and go back to Ali after that. Yeah, so two things. One is I would say, well maybe three things. One is do no harm. There's a lot of harm coming in from people who basically from the outside from far away, less governments or in some cases governments as well, who basically express the wish of one or two of these communities to disappear basically for just say it's straight. That needs to stop. So one is do no harm. Second, even this for the worst moment that we've had since 1948, there are groups of people on the ground who are working together. One, for example, relatively well known one right now is a group of standing together. You can check them out. People on the ground using Palestinians doing what they can to find the way forward. Anything that helps them is good. Anything that gets in their way is bad. So that's like one way of saying this, anything that helps Ali what he's trying to do is good. Anything that hinders him is bad. And then lastly, the question really was about foreign governments. I think that some pressure is useful. Incentives I think are better. Carrots are better than sticks. These are two pretty stubborn peoples. And pressuring them I think is like a pressure cooker is not going to have so many Israelis and Jews are convinced that the world hates us anyway. So if you do something like you know kick Israel out of the Olympics, they'll be in Israel they'll be taken as well. Of course they did. They all hate us anyway, right? So that is not going to actually move the needle. Incentives by the way would and I'll give you sort of a crazy sounding one maybe but sometimes things have to be crazy. Both countries are pretty small. I mean both populations are pretty small. We're talking 14 million people. If the European Union that in many ways Europe owes us both for all kind of historical stuff. If the EU told the Palestinians and Israelis, if you guys make peace, you can join the EU. Like how awesome would that be? But go go make peace and get back to us and you can actually join the EU as full members. It'd be great to have Lebanon as well. That's a personal preference that will actually rock. But anyway the Levant can join in Europe. So I think incentives of all kinds would be more helpful. Security guarantees are also you know useful. Just applying pressure. I don't think is going to work. Yeah I have been I mean for the last 20 years of my activism of nonviolence. I have been calling on everyone. If you are pro those or pro those this is not going to happen. We need you to be pro solution. Yes definitely we're not equal. We're not equal on the ground. We are not equal by life condition. But we are both capable to run ourselves by ourselves and to create the best cooperation in the Middle East between Israel and Palestine. And we need you as a third party to be part of the solution not part of the problem. Because if you cannot be part of the solution don't be part of the problem. And if you are not part of the problem already try to be part of the solution. How to engage in in this conflict and it's not easy. I'm telling you watching the images that comes out of Gaza is not easy. Watching the hostage people there is not easy. I mean it's so hard to be nonviolence activist these days. And the challenges are so huge. And that's why we need a collective movement that can speak to the to the reality and to the need. And by the way people are calling for ceasefire. I'm not calling just for ceasefire. I'm calling for cease conflict. Because if we agree about ceasing the conflict we will not need a ceasefire. This is going to be a part of an international agreement with international guarantees with an international pressure that both sides also need to trust the process itself by engaging the third party. And last thing I will say if you are broke as a trial don't jump on any Muslim and hurts or smash his face. If you are broke on a side please don't create conflict in your own community. Because we have one conflict to deal with. We're not ready also to deal with conflicts that has been created in your own communities because you are a pro one of us. Thank you. And we're getting some insightful questions right now that that are about sort of the bigger picture here. As one of you said this this conflict doesn't exist in a bubble right. So Karen asks since the conflict is not limited to Israel Palestine but is just a fragment of a conflict between Israel and Arab countries all across the region what can you say about a peaceful future in that context. And let's start with you Ali. That's a great question. I mean watching a normalization process with Israel in the last few years within the occupation within the injustices is just a big answer to this question. I think the Arabs are ready to normalize with Israel and even the top Arab countries Saudi Arabia has mentioned this already. But these normalization processes is happening between governments. This is not a real normalization. We need normalization between people and normalization between people will never be achieved by ignoring the Palestinian issue aside. The Palestinian people will be the best gate for Israel to enter the Islamic and Arab without that key. Israel will never be able to normalize. On the other hand all of these normalization efforts are good if they become effective to transform Israel and Israel might toward the Palestinians. I'm not against it but I don't think this is the right approach without the Palestinian. The world has changed and don't think that the Arabs just hug us and they love us believe me sometimes Palestinian get humiliated in Arab countries more than Israelis. Many Israeli friends recently has travelled. I mean before the war that after has travelled to Emirates to other places and they try to speak about the Palestinian Israelis. Can you imagine? Then the Arab respond was we don't want to speak about this. Can you imagine Israelis are raising our issue and the Arabs are putting it down? I agree with every word that Ali just said and I think that part of the you know as a kid growing up in Israel the big threat was Egypt and Syria and Jordan and these other countries and I think that that fundamental feeling of threat is still there even though Sadat came you know 45 years ago and we've had yes not the warmest peace but we've had a very functional peace with Egypt and Jordan and you know Lebanon could easily happen Saudi Arabia has very seriously been looking for this and wants this and so to again and you know Israelis can get mad at me for saying this Israel has to decide what it wants. Certain people within Israeli society have to decide what is more important keeping the West Bank you know forever keeping the Palestinians as oppressed citizens without rights in the West Bank and also in Gaza or integrating in the region. I think the region is absolutely ready to that's my sense most of the region is ready to for lack of a better word do business. I mean people you see it now in Dubai you see it in other places so I think this can absolutely happen but there has to be a decision of what what really matters sort of in the end. The Palestinian conflict the Palestinian issue is the hard one if that gets settled everything else falls into place I believe. The closest people to Israelis are not the Saudi they are the Palestinians and if you try it you will figure it out on the ground. We are the closest Arab to Israel even though the occupation even though the hate even though the violence people are existing from each other already. I think one one thing on that Chloe is that when you know if someone wants to say a a moment of optimism in the middle of this whole horror the best thing that anyone can do is to visit a hospital in Israel. If you visit a hospital in Israel what you will see is that even about 22% of Israeli citizens are Arabs Palestinians more than 25% of physicians in Israel are Palestinian, 40% of pharmacists more than 30% of nurses. So if you go to any hospital you'll see that the teams are basically completely integrated the patients are sitting are lying side by side Muslims are operating on Jews and vice versa and it works and I would it works more than many other national libraries I can imagine. There was someone in Jerusalem a few years ago who had this idea of you know a four piece idea where all he did was on Friday evenings he invited people across the city to play bagamans that was it come play bagamans that's the agenda basically and you had hundreds of people religious secular Arabs Jews coming and playing bagamans and laughing and eating and you could see how yes of course as a conflict but actually culturally and personally people get along and can get along now all this is saying I just I think Ali and I are bringing sort of positive outlook to this the moment is horrible the moment is the worst in my life by far I mean I'll tell you one really quick sort of thing to give some perspective to this I woke up on the morning of October 7th that's Saturday I think you know people learned about this depending on when they went to bed so I learned that this was happening at 8th and morning that's how I'm morning I woke up I was in New York and I opened and someone said oh there's something happening in Israel I'll never forget it in my life the New York Times headline said terrorists and coercion from Gaza 22 dead that's in that moment it was 22 dead that's all that was reported and my wife came down the stairs as she saw that my my face had changed she said what's going on and based on those 22 deaths I said everything is over everything is over basically peace in my lifetime Gaza and and then of course it went up to you know hundreds and over a thousand but the it's hard explained to people the depth of what happened that day the depth of the shock if two Hamas people if two terrorists two had crossed the border and had killed one family and kidnapped two people that would have been a national scandal in Israel what happened was was completely unimaginable and this is why four months later most Israelis are still there also this is what they're seeing on television every day every day on Israel now on TV is a repeat of October 7th very few images of Gaza Israel is probably I know this is going to sound weird and maybe literally incredible to some people Israel is probably the least informed country in the world about what's happening in Gaza the media does not show the images you have to go look for them and obviously you don't necessarily want to or you justify them in all kinds of different ways and so I don't want to minimize because of you Ali's in mind sort of positivity here that this moment is horrific and it's going to take tremendous work to come out of this and that the priority is to just stop the deaths now if we possibly can whoever has influence on that this has to stop as soon as possible it's a really it's a really powerful reminder of how every part of the world will see this so differently based on the stories that they are told and how the media portrays it and also how we feel based on history and it actually makes me think of something you said earlier I mean which was you said that people associate the conflict with the first story that they were told you know however however they understood Israel Palestine is as a children when they learn about it as how they will interpret the the conflict today so I'd actually love to hear if you're both willing to share what the story you think should be told to the next generation because everyone puts so much hope in the future and in the youngest generation sometimes too much too much pressure on young people dissolve the world's problems but if we can start there with the story that we tell to to our children what what could that be let's start with you again Ami and then go to Ali. We're in this together we're basically Syami's twins that have sort of been you know condemned to live together and at some point you either see the other as equally human or you don't you're not brought up to this is not this is not how you're brought up to see the other but if at some point you cross that threshold there's not going back and so to me you know what I would tell my my daughters is is we're all human here we're all in this together no one is leaving the past matters a lot but the future matters more and so what can we do now about the future the past you know the past can be as important as you want I don't care how important you want to make it the future matters more to me always and so and it's about also human friendships I think one of the you know sad things is that is that you know not enough people on on either side have true friendships on the other true people that you would you know lie down for and I think that's important as well so making and then keeping those friendships becomes I think really critical thank you and how about you Ali what do you believe the story should be told to our children the main the main elements for the story is to tell the truth but not just our truth it's also the other side because what makes through our truth truthful is not we believe on it it makes it true and truthful when others start believing but others will not start believing on it if we practice it one side if we doesn't include the other and this is a big problem for both sides they practice they go to history as one one nation one people one land one god and that's it well I believe one god but I think the same god has created both of us and this is the first truth it's not it's not anyone who brought I mean Israel here it didn't even Judaism didn't come through people here it came by god and this is what in my Quran as Muslim this is one fact so this is something that has to be told but we don't teach that on the other hand we don't teach about the Holocaust many people will ignore or limit the Holocaust we just label the other by blinding ourselves to their truth and this is this doesn't work listen I didn't grow up with the best education for peace but I didn't grow up with hate I mean I was born as a refugee my father's story was to lose his home because of 1948 when Israel was established then I was born to a political mother who served years in prison then I throw stones on Israeli soldiers where I served years in prison me and her has to have hunger strike for 17 days to see each other and after I was released by Oslobis initiative between post-science I was wounded by settlers and I my brother was killed what more I have to prove that even though all of these prices I'm still willing to see army as my best partner my best human being and my best friend what I have to do more to prove to the war that I am capable and I deserve dignity because army security is my top priority what I have to do more but with these dictators who are managing both of us nothing no voice is here because they they know how to destroy post-science their leadership number two I'm not teaching I am teaching my kids my story but I'm not teaching them just my story I'm teaching them the story of an Israeli mother who have lost her daughter by a suicide bomber and she's still willing to stand for our mothers and women these stories has to be taught and the world has to repeat them and I'm so thankful to you to give us me and army this platform to tell the world that whatever the world will do we will never give up each other because we cannot you know I speak to Israeli soldiers sometimes before they go to the army I tell them listen you are not going to secure Israel you talk you you you talk priority is to secure the Palestinian you cannot refuse the army fine but don't be a humiliating Palestinian because of that security issue because it's like it drugs and when I tell Palestinian I'm not asking you to love the Jewish people I'm not asking you to jump tomorrow and hug these soldiers but I'm asking you to love yourself first because when we start loving ourselves we will be able to see the beauty of the other side it's like exactly non-violence non-violence is you know it's not my humanity that is my weapon in non-violence approach it's amy's humanity that become my weapon it's my enemy humanity you're supposed to be my enemy these are lessons and practice that we teach our kids and we have to teach our kids every day thank you Ali for also sharing part of your your powerful story and and what brought you to this work and thank you Amif your answer as well I think we have time for one more question and several 10 members have asked a version of this which that both of you hold these beliefs about Israel and Palestine that other respective Israelis and Palestinians have critiqued each of you for saying you're not advocating for your own communities interests enough and so how do you how do you respond to that how do you how do you make the case that what you believe is is worth spreading and let's let's go to you back to you Ali again I think my first community priority is peace but sometimes what peace we're talking about is it to be a good kids and accept the status quo this is not the peace that I'm advocating for you know sometimes people ask me what do you do in life I still them I could lift garbage of others but I make sure that I recycle that everything because otherwise it's easy to get broken so we're dealing with with trauma we are dealing with injustices every day we are dealing with threats and violence every day it's not easy to to to to be to be to be a solution maker and by the way I'm not optimistic what what what motivate me is not my optimism what motivate me is my belief there is big difference between those who have hope or those who are believers give me one believer who who manage to create change in this planet without being the highest prices for that from the profits to politicians to non-violence leaders even to militant leaders there is always a price but non-violence for me is not has not came by a promise from anyone that Israel is gonna give me my freedom to learn my my belief of non-violence because the one who who killed my brother and the one who humiliate my mother wanted to bury my humanity in the same grave of my brother I refuse for my humanity to be buried why because I will never accept a freedom that will be built on other Jewish graves this is not the freedom that I want I want a freedom that will be built with other lives and for me non-violence don't think that I live in a paradise okay my life is full of boys every day meeting those who are who are like full of of of of hate of anger but I can see the beauty of the humanity and I can still take that to activism and I transform thousands of people non-violence give me a taste of my life every day non-violence give me a reason to wake up in the morning and be able to transform an officer in a checkpoint there are many stories hopefully my manifesto will be public soon we don't need everyone to be in agreement because when you build a bridge you don't need millions you need a group of professionals with a good plan and good resources where where millions can pass through afterward nations are in general followers of good leadership we need leadership and we need those millions on the ground who there as I said who their their enters is to have peace yesterday not tomorrow Ali thank you you you got me to tear up earlier which thank you for that everything you said what Ali is doing right now in the west bank in Palestine is really hard it is one thing that I want also to take away from this chat is that he's doing it there is a there's a another pervasive myth out there in the world that someone like Ali would not be saying what he's saying and be safe that that that Hamas would have killed him years ago for saying what he's saying well there he is he's going to go have dinner after this and he's perfectly safe and so I think this is absolutely possible I also want to say Ali that you know you mentioned your prison your mother your brother and I know that I did not do this personally but I just want to say that I'm sorry I think that that doesn't happen enough I am I'm extremely sorry for everything you have had to go through just for the accident of being born there none of us chose what we're born and so I think that and the last thing I think is that sorry there's a human piece here there are people in Israel whose dream is to is to kick Ali out of his house and of where he is and all I can say is you'd have to go through me first because the human piece here is more important than any kind of national slogan and so yeah you you don't remove Ali from this place without having to go through some of us to do that so thank you all for having us and our work we're pretty close to the ending here thank you for those who stuck with us and Ali more more power to you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you both so much for this incredibly moving powerful and and productive discussion thank you again Ali and me have a wonderful day and wish you all good luck thank you for having us