 When I was a child growing up in Brazil, I would play by stepping on Karls Poup, barefoot, just to feel the warm and soft sensation of the digested organic matter going through my toes. But from my family, animal waste had another level of importance. My grandma would sell them a new and split the money with my mom. That was my mom's only income as a housewife raising her four children while my father worked in our farm. That's my grandma. On that very farm, my grandpa had a stroke of a genius. Instead of ordinary fences, he carved out some ditches surrounded by trees, creating forest corridors for animals to cross. There was like mother's nature highway system allowing critters to commute from one leafy paradise to another. My mom never wanted me to rely on animal waste for a living. My grandpa did not know he was increasing the landscape connectivity for animals to cross. But they were both working on nature-based solutions before the term became trendy. Two aspects of ecosystem restoration, investing in soil fertility and increasing the landscape connectivity, bringing back the nutrients, bringing back the forests, both with positive consequences for the entire system. I believe a healthy ecosystem should stand behind every plate of food. So today as a scientist, my role is to understand how to produce food while you will let animals working in ecosystem resilience in a changing world. So I started where those changes are happening in the tropics in Brazil, in the Amazonia. And that's in there, in the wilds of the tropical forests, the tropicals of America that beholds the star of our tail, the lowland taffer. Those big-like creatures graze the landscape from the Amazonia to the pentanol. Are they cute? Look. When it comes to big animals, they tend to eat a lot of low energy food like leaves, but tapers are different. Up to 36% of their diet is based on fruit. And they have a very long digestive system, and they love to go for a walk. So let's picture that. They go for a walk. They find fruits along the way. They eat them while they process. And they keep walking in degraded areas, and eventually they poop. And when they poop, they help to spread the seeds in the fruits they love to eat. Tapers are big. Tapers are tough. And tapers poop. A lot. And how do I know that? Because at the research station that I work on at the southeast Amazonia, among many other things, we wash poop. We walk in the forest looking for their latrines, and latrines are something like toilet, but without the large bowl. Just a lot of poop together. We find them, collect, wash, count, and identify as many seeds as possible. In one dung, we find an average 733 seeds belonging to up to 24 different species. We can see hundreds of seedlings emerging from one dung. And they can become trees, big trees. And because large seeded trees tend to be deeper rooted and drought resistant, they those seeded spursors are helping to create a three-community resilient and resistant. But sometimes, as you can see, tapers poop too many seeds in one place, leading to competition among the seedlings. So other animals come in to help, luckily. Some of those animals is the dung beetle. Dung beetles help to disperse the seeds throughout the forests. There are two kinds of dung beetles disperse in seeds. Dung beetles help to grow trees and tunnels. Rollers roll the poop away from the thirth and vary it underground. Vial tunnelers vary the poop right by the thirth. When they vary the seeds, they revolve around the soil and make it better for the seeds, and increasing the chances of them to grow into plants. can really receive the forests, but we must preserve their habitats to increase their chances of survival. When people ask me if forests can regrow without our help, I say we always have to help, even if it is just to get out of the way. But another more active way to help is by leaving forest patches in the landscape. Forest patches are something like VIP lounges for plants and animals where critters can hop, skip and jump from one leafy hotspot to another. And when they do that, they act like real gardeners, bringing back the forests. And they need to do that because the future of those forests is at stake. As scientists, we are concerned with deforestation and degradation. Deforestation takes away those forests, those animals are helping to plant for thousands of years. Degradation makes those forests less healthy, harboring fewer animals. I truly believe that those animals are trying to bring back the spring despite all the forests to stop them. So let me try with some questions. How powerful is the tapest poop? How far can they travel? How charming do my friends totally unconcerned with social conventions need to be in order to revert the tipping point we are possibly about to reach? My colleagues and I at the Woodwell Climate Research Center and at the Institute of Episcopalianian and Bialdham, are trying to answer those questions. But we already know some of the answers. We know that the resilience of those ecosystems is on the diversity of plants and animals living there. Our future is intertwined with the future of those animals and it depends on how good a job we do trying to protect them. And people, I'm not afraid to say, our future lies in poop. Thank you. Thank you.