 I'd like to acknowledge and pay my respect to the Anishinabe Nation and its Council of three fires, the Ottawa, the Chippewa and the Potawatami peoples. I am grateful to be here on your sacred ancestral lands. Do you see fire as friend or foe? In Australia we have a growing issue around fire that challenges us every fire season. And because of our changing climate, there are now other places in the world that are confronted with this same challenge. My story is about my personal and cultural relationship with fire. It has been a lifelong relationship and as a munger to ballot on Junga, a person from the southwest corner of Australia. I acknowledge fire not only as a friend, but as a part of my being and my spirit. However, I have also seen firsthand how big a threat fire is. During the Black Summer of 2019 and 2020, the east coast of Australia burned like never before and the whole world saw. The smoke that was huge drifted across the southern Pacific Ocean all the way to Chile and Argentina. And there were glaciers in New Zealand that turned brown from that same smoke. Paradoxically, Australia needs fire. My people applied the right fire diligently and expertly for millennia. It shaped the evolution and the DNA of the landscape and of nature itself. The elder in this shot gently reached down and lit the grass and the ground that we were standing on. As the fire slowly trickled, he said to us, go and stand near a tree and observe what you see. What we saw was amazing. There were all these various insects and critters clamoring up the tree trunk, escaping the slow moving fire. The elder then said to us, this is the best indication that our burn is the right fire. Fire has a sacredness when it is applied through our cultural law. What manifests during the cultural burning is a spiritual and livening of nature, where country is renewed and the spirit of the land is awakened. Our learning is our sacred practice of burning country. Country or ancestral lands in my language is Buddha. This is me applying our learning on my sacred lands, Nyongahu Buddha. Nyongahu Buddha is 200,000 square kilometres in size. This map shows the 14 language groups of my people, the Nyongahu Nation. My language group is Bala Lov. Buddha gives my people identity, connectedness and spirit. This is Aboriginal Australia. At the time of first contact, there were over 800 first nations language groups and 250 distinctly indigenous nations. Pre-colonization and for 65,000 years, our lands were managed by cycles of the land of creation through our first law ways. However since 1788, Buddha has been suffering from the introduced destructive cycles of colonialism, developmentalism, capitalism and industrialisation. These have all contributed significantly to climate change on my Buddha. One of my relationships with fire included me having an 18-year-long career as a professional firefighter in Perth. It is here that I learned a deep respect for the destructive force of fire and its awesome power. Since fire was considered our enemy, as fireies we were trained to control it. So we learned about fire behaviour and fire management. I would have attended over 2000 bushfires, many of which resulted from controlled burns, getting out of control and becoming wildfires. As a professional firefighter, I learned that our mission is to protect property and save life. But as first nations and traditional custodians of our lands, our two key principles for applying the right fire is to put Buddha first and to keep nature balanced. We cannot keep countries safe by burning everything indiscriminately to the ground. The ground is sacred and we must protect and preserve it. This is the result of a controlled or prescribed burn. It was carried out by DBCA, an agency in Western Australia that manages parks and wildlife. This type of burning occur when incendiary devices are dropped from aircraft in order to take out as much bushland as possible in the shortest amount of time. This burning is destructive to nature and to Buddha. The burn marks on this jarra tree, one of our very sacred species, is 10 foot high. This is not consistent with our cultural law and standards for applying fire. The dark charring indicate the intensity of the heat and the height of the flames. You can see that this landscape is devastated from this controlled burn. I remember a younger elder in my community once very angrily referred to this type of burning and the people that carry it out as legal arsonists. Right across Australia and in many parts of the world, the very real impact of climate change and wildfires are destroying nature in many ways. We must today provide care for Mother Earth like never before. As new our people, our fight to stay connected to our sacred lands is dependent on our ability and freedom to practice calmering. Calmering requires us to be able to read country. Keeping Buddha healthy keeps us healthy. This is calmering the right fire as it is applied in Queensland, Northern Australia. This is what a healthy, clean burn looks like. When we burn the right way, we know country will regenerate in balance. The balanced health is dependent on how and when fire is applied. Remember the right fire at the right time in the right place. Cultural burns are different across different ecological regions. This is a cool burn in Victoria in South East and Australia. The principles of how, why and when to burn remain consistent across all regions and amongst all First Nations groups. India is medicine for country. It heals the land and it cleanses it and it renews the spirit of Buddha. In 2008, my family took possession of 2100 acres in our ancestral lands in the week belt region of Western Australia. This country had been badly over cleared, overgraced, over fertilized and over cropped. Our vision, which we saw as our responsibility, was to heal this land. So we set out to plant native endemic species of plants, which in turn attracted all sorts of other native birds, animals, flowers and grasses to also return. My brothers and I and our children have been practicing calmering on this Buddha now for 15 years. This is the same photo seven years later. Today the trees in the foreground are so large they restrict the view of this landscape. The right fire at the right time is very good for our environment. It's very good for Buddha and it's very good for us. This is it today. A big part of what helped us achieve our goal, our patient ambition, was the application of calmering across our landscape. calmering is an important element of our First Nations regenerative land management model. This regenerative land management model is a contemporary version of our traditional practice of caring for country. Seeing country in a holistic sense and understanding how it is a part of us and we are a part of it is important in the practice of caring for country. Our management in Australia is critical to the biodiversity and ecological health of our land. When ecological health is poor or non-existent biodiversity and spirit is also poor or non-existent. Therefore to heal the spirit of our lands we must protect, conserve and regenerate the biodiversity and ecology of Buddha everywhere. That can be either a very important ally or a massively destructive threat. If we don't commit to manage and apply the right fire at the right time in the right place. Thank you.