 Every month, I spend a week on the frontline. For over a year now, I have been a member of the Arial Reconnaissance Unit. Before the invasion, I had only used a drone to scout location for my architectural practice. Now I pilot the UAV to help Ukrainian artillery spot targets. This time, two years ago, I would probably introduce myself as the CEO of an architectural studio. Maybe I would also brag about Coney to cafes and kiefe, which I also designed. To be clear, I still am an architect. And Antipreneur is just that now I consider the role supporting. As the meal is trivial into you, I have monthly shifts. This means I still get to spend time at home, my safe heaven, trying to make sense of this to your life. I travel back and forth from kiefe to the frontline and back to kiefe. Not your regular commute, I suppose. Even though kiefe suffers constant missile attack, the contrast in between the capital and the hotspots is quite stark. Back home, I can walk my dog Eva, grab a coffee, and just barricade myself in my office. Of course, our work is often interrupted by the A-ray alarms, but this is something we have grown to live with. Compared to dusty trenches near Harrison, our Buddha's open space office seems like a perfect work environment. But somehow, whenever I try to focus, I keep thinking back to those trenches. It is there just a few miles from the battlefield where I can feel the most productive, and it is then, in times of distress, when I can clearly see what's the future holds. Of course, it hasn't always been this way. Before Russia launched its full-scale war, I had a pretty regular life. Well, maybe not that regular. My architectural studio was busy pushing the envelope. We renovated an old church in San Francisco, California, turned a former military arsenal into a teaming futile, and even designed the art installation for the Ukrainian polar research base. Seriously, here's the proof, all the way from Antarctica. All I'm saying, we were doing just fine. Great even. But then, came the sickest plot twist one could imagine. On February 24, 2022, I woke up to the sounds of explosions. Now I don't know if you know many people from Ukraine, but our humor can be rather dark. But back then, we all went numb. Most of my teammates fled to safer areas, unsure whether they would have a home to return to. Some stayed in tea, sheltering, in basements and subway station. The others decided to take a palms for the first time ever. After the shock, came a revelation. We had to turn our fear into action. So on day two, I stepped into a new row, switching from the coffee co-owner to emergency kitchen co-founder. And since there was plenty of food left in storage, we decided to cook meals for territorial defense units. Partnering up with other restaurants, we found an organization called Kiev Volunteer. Many people came into help, musicians and lawyers, drivers and architects, all united around the common go. And to give you a sense of scale on big days, we served up to 15,000 hot meals to the military in Medics. While our plots were clanking, Russian troops fed the advancing. Ukraine's future remained uncertain, but we were too busy to dwell on that thought. Working on the ground allowed us, prioritized the needs and addressed them one by one. First, we focused on basics, shelter, food, medicine. Then we had to address the recovery, both physical and mental. Talking to people on our humanitarian mission, we've got simple yet fundamental notion. What we all crave most was the sense of home. Not for walls and roof per se, but the little things. The rose bush behind the kitchen window. The attic full of hidden treasures. That slightly crooked bench by the gate, always attracting the neighborhood cats. No matter where Ukrainians happen to spend the night, be it in an emergency shelter or some good Samaritans home, they always try to make it feel cozy. Sometimes we're even better at our temporary homes by fixing a long-broken fence. This observation led us to another inside. Home is the temple. An architecture can be hailing. When done with empathy, architecture can help people to sustain the trauma and envision the bright future. Even if the future is still up in the air. Two weeks into invasion, my team and I remember we were still architects and could use our expertise for a good cause. This was when our Buddha started working on an idea we call Ray Craying Housing. Knowing that nothing is more permanent than temporary, we task ourselves with rating the standard of temporary housing. Being both architects and displaced people, we knew how to make a difference. So what is the first thing that comes to mind when you think of temporary housing? Probably those typical refugee camps built from a shipping container. So this is something our team sought for change. Dignity no matter what. These four words became a basis for our work and in a way our mission. In nearly two weeks we developed a system of dignified temporary accommodation. Our region of what displaced people need to feel it is. We want residents feel equally comfortable so we made our rooms fit different life scenarios. Whether it's an elderly couple or a single parent with a newborn. We also knew people would need a place to work, study and care for their kids. So we provided them the space to do this as well. And to avoid spatial segregation, we proposed to make public spaces open to anyone. Building bridges in between host communities and IDPs. Technology wise, we didn't train when the will. But this is what and how we suggest building that made people reconsider the very essence of temporary housing. This may, after your preparation and paperwork, we broke ground on our pilot settlement. Bull charges ticked once known as the side of fresh atrocities. Became home for our big idea and symbolic place to create new, happier memories. Now, re-ocrain is not just a housing project, but a pilot for a recovery program. Our goal is to help displaced people get back on their feet and reintegrate, leaving their trauma behind. And since many places in the world are devastated by wars and climate change, the displacement challenge is the global one. The rooted in Ukraine, the model can be replicated, helping to accommodate the displaced people elsewhere. Watching Ukrainians flock to Bucha and other liberated areas, translated into another insight, our folks don't want to wait to fix what's broken. Fixing is the third thing we do after every attack, despite the threat of anything being destroyed again. Public spaces like schools and hospitals restored by local authorities. But when it comes to private housing, people are often left with this task by their own. So to help smaller householders rebuild, we created re-ocrain villages, a free online tool for rural housing restoration. With just a few clicks, the tool generates you a step-by-step manual to restore a house or to design a new one from scratch. Floor plans, façade scans, technical description, and list of materials, full proof guides for homeowners and volunteers. To show you how it works, here's the project generated with the tool. And the model of a house once may build, based on this manual. To preserve traditional image of Ukrainian village, we decided to base our builder on the local design code. And since every region has its own quirks, the tool had to reflect them. So the key region became the starting point for our research, our architects traveled from village to village, exploring different types of roofing, windows, and cornices. Then came the developers who transformed the data in an accessible tool. Just imagine that the tool can generate you over 2,000 and 11 millions unique house configuration for the key region alone. In each house, they would design it with mod materials, looks super familiar like the one Ukrainians spent the summer holidays at. A reminder of a happier days, a whole summer image of home. The peak of our work fell on the end of 2022. This was when Russia targeted the power plants, the plunge our cities in a total darkness. Our team had to work around the power cuts schedule, trying to get the work done during the four hour spans. This was when we discovered how to charge our computers from the current vector. Now I hope none of you ever happened to face a blackout, but if you do, remember this live hack. And to give you some context, the medievals we use as the power bank is the same I use on my military missions. So this is what Ukrainians called war work life balance. The thing we mastered over the last year and a half. Now I would be lying if I said I'm not proud of our accomplishments, I true them. But just imagine how much more we could achieve if not for the war. This pair and uncertainty can fuel your ideas, but do we really need to wait for this kind of fuel? The best time is always now. So if you have the privilege living in peace, use this time wisely. And don't worry too much about the future. It's not that scary if you embrace it with dignity. Thank you. You