 You know, for a lot of us, the world can feel like a really chaotic place. There are so many things happening all over the world, all at once. And with cable news and the internet and social media, we have access to all of it. And while there are a lot of good things, Bebred in there, so much of the information we get can feel big and heavy and weighty, which is why, for many of us, the preferred way to consume information about the world is with a dose of humor. Well, our guest today specializes in just that. He is a comedian. He's an actor. He's a journalist and he's an Emmy-nominated producer. Please welcome Roy Wood Jr. Thank you, Chris. How are you doing? I'm doing great. Well, Roy, you know, a lot of people know you as a comedian who sometimes plays a journalist on TV, but you actually do speak of your academic background. You actually do have a background in journalism. Both in terms of your lineage, your father was a legendary journalist and your own education. Can you, to start us off, maybe tell us more about that background and how it influences the way you define yourself as a comedian and also as a storyteller? I grew up, you know, my father was a civil rights journalist. My father, if it was black and it was strife, he was embedded there. So we're going all the way back to Soewe Tauraya to got shot at by snipers. He was embedded in Vietnam with predominantly black platoons. He was part of the civil rights movement. He was in Rhodesia, now's in Bobway covering that civil war. So, you know, my father has always been a person that is just always tried to find what's wrong and at least be a bullhorn for what was happening. And so I grew up watching the local news every night. My dad was watching the local news and yell at the, my dad would yell at the news the way people yell at football. Like, I'm not going to sit here and act like this is the family business. I mean, I have a lot of journalists in my family, but I wanted to be a firefighter, man. I wanted to be a firefighter. And then I saw Stuart Scott and I wanted to do sports. I wanted to be funny, I wanted to be Jenny Moose, I wanted to be Kenny Main. You know, that's those are the people that I looked up to. And then once somewhere I got into my 30s, I caught myself yelling at the television. And I just like, time to change my comedy. Well, it is true, right? Like so much of comedy comes from some frustration with the things that are happening in the world. Often, in a really small, like, insignificant way. But it comes from that same, why is it like this? You know, question that other people don't seem to be paying attention to often. Yeah. And I think that was part of the shift to journalism and then just what happened is that as I, when I started, I started to stand up when I was 19. I didn't really have a lot to say. All my jokes were about book by back and your room made eating your food. Yeah, it was just that. But once I turned that corner around my late 20s into my early 30s, I started taking a little bit of a more journalistic approach to like what we were taught at Florida, and them was what is the thing you can say about this topic that hasn't been said yet? Or that you wish could be said. And so that became kind of the same North Star for me comedically. And I mean, honestly, to me, comedy is journalism. It's just you're just reporting on either what's happening to you personally or what's happening to all of us collectively. It's not that different, you know. And I think once you're in a truthful space, then you have an opportunity to truly connect with people. And, you know, like, that's just what it's been. But I wish I could tell you that this was some deliberate arc from when I was the first time I saw Sinbad on the HBO free preview weekend in the 90s. And it like, no, I just, I enjoy getting up in a room full of strangers and just trying to accepting the challenge of trying to make them laugh. And the things that became of worth to me became very important. And then I had a child and then it became very serious about, okay, what am I trying to say? What the hell am I talking about? Let's actually try it. Let's structure something here. Yeah. I'd love to talk to you about that because, you know, father figure and imperfect messenger or two of your comedy specials, which are two of my favorite comedy specials of all time, they both open with you talking to your son. So how did having a kid change the way that you think about comedy and change maybe the responsibility of having a platform and people paying attention to you? A lot of it, if I'm being honest, it's just me leaving brickcrumbs of knowledge for him for when he's older in case I'm not here. That's really a lot of what it is. You know, it's me having, it's the general public getting to witness me leave messages to my child. That's kind of what my career is starting to turn into and I'm perfectly fine with that. And it's not from a play and I don't say that in some morbid sense of die tomorrow, but it is essentially important to me to make sure that the lessons, my father died when I was 16 and I think that's also part of why I'm wired like this now because there are certain lessons and things that I just wasn't, we weren't, it wasn't time for those conversations when I was a teenager. So the things that I really hope that he understands about himself in the world, let me start putting that stuff out there in the world now comedically a little bit and I just think infusing him just a little bit kind of creates that through line of who it is I'm actually talking to without it being nail on the head. You know, there's just certain, it's also part of why I'm a stand up. I don't talk, at least I try not to talk about specific people. You know, in part of that is because you know, for seven years on the daily show, that's what we do. We talk about people and I want to talk about issues and feelings because the issues will tend to still be there as the people affecting or disaffecting those issues coming. So it's always the people trying to change the issues or revolving over the issue remains the issue. So there's a question from one of the audience members, Susan, and I think this really relates exactly to what you're saying, which is how can you use humor as a tool to bring up those difficult issues or questions? I think that it's about figuring out a way to find the common denominator between people. So when I started doing stand up, again, as a teenager, if you're trying to do comedy every week in the south and I'm from Birmingham, I was in school in Tallahassee. So those are my two comedy bases. But if you're in Biloxi, you're at the Casinos performing for retirees. If you're in Florida down on the lower East Coast, it's Latino heavy, redneck heavy on the Gulf Coast side. You can be doing a urban night in Atlanta. You can be doing a mainstream night in Nashville. So what I hated was always having to change up my jokes and change up everything. Whereas if I could figure out the things that connect us, then I'd never have to change no matter where I am. Like you can find certain topics that, and I don't mean that from a divisive versus none divisive place, but I just mean it for the things that we're passionate about. If you start in a general place, it's food, it's love, it's entertainment, and some sort of form of employment or provision, making money. The thing that emotionally fulfills you, right? So what I started doing was trying to do material that was rooted in one of those things. We all love a food. We all desire emotion or have experienced heartbreak. We all desire. Even if it's not employment, if you just want to go hike, what's the thing you want it? So if I share my emotion and my passion for something, then in theory, these people should be connected with me because they have a similar want. So if you find a way to connect people in the beginning of a conversation, then they are more open to receiving humor. You know, like it's not, you can't just, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, you have to come in from some level and degree of understanding. I think that for as long as people understand your intentions, then humor is not the tight rope that we think it to be. You know, especially when people are starting out in comedy, they try and make these really general jokes that are often kind of overwritten or overthought. And I find that often the things that make people laugh the most are just the most honest. The the truest thing you can say the most vulnerable. And that's a big, at least for me, that has been a big revelation on stage is to realize like you can bring your full self. And that thing that you're so worried about sharing actually is what other people want to hear and will connect with the most. And so now a joke, the best jokes land in one of two places. It's either the audience absorbs it as, wow, I didn't know that. I didn't look at it like that. Or it's, that's what I've been trying to say. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so if you if you hit either of those nerves, then anything you do after that, the people that all, you get up in front of a boring room and you acknowledge, hey, yeah, I know this is boring. Let's hurry up and let's let's go. Let's do it. Like if you acknowledge the obvious. So I spoke at the National Association of Black Journalist Conference in Birmingham earlier this year. And it's an average 1 p.m. fluorescent light stage circle, I call it circle table events. The circle table, banquet, whatever, right? A challenge. Yes. But which and it's gigs like that that prepare me for the White House correspondent. I want to talk about, you do 20 years of circle tables. You're ready for the DC circle table, the Super Bowl of Circle Tables. But at that event, the first thing I acknowledge was, yeah, thank you all for coming to Birmingham. I know it sucks because there's no Uber Black, which is a true statement. Birmingham, my hometown, and I can say this Uber X is a 20 minute wait. And if you're coming from L.A. It's a, if you're coming from a five minute Uber city, then that's a tough thing to stomach and deal with. So you acknowledge that and then you're able to get into things that are a little tougher and a little harder to digest and often things that a lot of people don't want to laugh at or do not find funny. Yeah. Lordeson, Mexico is saying that comedy is underrated around the world, but it's truly a tool for mental health. And I really agree in the sense too that like something that I've always admired about your comedy from the first time that I saw you is that you are able to talk about really heavy, serious stuff in a way that's hilarious, but you're also not afraid to talk about the light, you know, just goofy absurd stuff too. You have a mix of both. And that's such a joy to watch on stage. Comedians, because we are of this craft, we are a little more, I don't know if it's encrusted is the word. I don't know, it's not salmon, but we're hardened, calcified. There you go. We're galvanized emotionally. So things don't hit us as hard right away. It's just funny to me. And it's just, it's weird and it's, like I've been talking about on stage to mixed reviews that I know white people are going through stuff because they're showing up, you know, in full fatigue to protest a Disney world. Like it's 90 degrees, bro, there's better attire. You want to protest, pro that like say what you want about the clan, but at least the robe was nice and breathable. So that's, it feels pro clan, but it's not, it's pro, so it's, it's, it's stuff like that where you make that joke. Now we can get into the deeper topic of flight supremacy and now we can get into something a little more weird because we made the kind of weird, obvious joke that you would have never thought about. Oh yeah, the clan, yeah, they never did, they, they wore loose stuff because they didn't want to dive heatstroke. So it's fun. To me, it's fun to find those lines in those edges. There's a question from Gretchen that I think is a really important one, which is when we're talking about creating those under that understanding of your intentions, how do you create that understanding with the audience when you're making a joke that is on, on the line or that could be kind of interpreted in different ways because it does seem like many times there's a risk of people kind of filling in the blanks and, and thinking, you know, as Gretchen put it, that there could be a simplistic assumption about you as a person based on your gender, age, residence, political affiliation. So how do you, how do you get to the real understanding of what your actual intention is with the audience? I think that comes just in time within the duration of the performance. So, you know, one thing for me that I have to work on and a lot of this, this goes back to psychology. I used to watch this show on that geo called Brain Games and they brought it back in a couple of different iterations now that it's more of a game showy thing now with Keegan with a Keegan Michael Key, but in the earliest iterations of the show, it just showed you how the human mind works. And so I enjoyed this show because it talked about how something as simple as a smile before you say something versus a smile after you say something and how those change to different, it literally changes the intention of, if you smile first then say it, it seems sinister, but if you say it to feel sinister then smile at the back end. It's like, oh, come on. I'm mean like it. Like it. There's a way to kind of yo-yo a little bit, you know, and then sometimes, you know, be bold and just say what it is you're thinking and it might be a smile on the back end. It might be something a little more like there was, we were talking about Mike Pence and, you know, this was an old, this was, this was during when daily show when we were still on and it was a joke we were thinking about doing from my guest hosting week, where and essentially the argument I was trying to make was that of all of the current presidential candidates, Mike Pence is the most confident because he has to get people who try to kill him to vote for him. And so that could work on stage, but in the context of television and in the context of structure, there are people. Who would legitimately believe that what I'm saying is serious? And there are people who would pull that little bite and put that up on whatever website and go Roy with junior endorses Mike Pence. And then on the liberal side, there's people who will see that link or see that hit line, not click it and then assume the worst of me. So a lot of it also comes down to understanding the medium through which you're communicating the thing. You know, I also think that some of this feels like because you are very much not in overnight success, right? It wasn't like one day you were at an open mic in the next day you were on the daily show. Instead, you had worked your way up through clubs. You had been on radio, you had been on television shows and then you had this big, huge platform. You, I feel like one thing that is really true and I'm curious if it feels like this for you, but you have to me felt like someone who has a really clear sense of himself and his voice and what he's willing to say or not say. And I think that really comes across to an audience as well. Does it feel like that to you internally? It does now, but it didn't for like 15 years. Like you can go back and watch. It's still up online. You can go back and watch my old Conan O'Brien sets from 2011 through 24. There was a stretch in my career where Conan O'Brien was the only person who would put me on TV. Every other show said no. Any of the show that I'd already done would not have me back. For whatever reason, I'm not talking trash, but facts. Conan O'Brien was the only person who would book me and put me on television. And you can see the evolution over those three or four or those four or five years of Conan sets. And that was kind of where I started turning the corner on talking about race relations in this country and that being a little bit more of an integral part of what I wanted to talk about on stage, that's where I probably really started, you know, to turn that corner a little bit. And now it's definitely pronounced. It's clear. I know what I want to do. The next hour special, I want, it's about all of the men, other than my father who influenced me after his death. This idea of manhood and fatherhood and masculinity. And then realize, and I have a plethora of stories, some funny, some moving, some, you know, I'm a comedian. And I have been very close to comics that have killed themselves. Many of them I know. I knew. So this idea of all of these different life lessons, where did I get those from? Well, I want to actually talk about some of my favorite jokes that sound like they're kind of more in the past from you. But, you know, I always think that one of the highest compliments that I can give to a comedian is that they have a joke that I think about for the rest of my life. You've changed the way that I will think about seeing an object or being in a situation. And you have a bunch of these. You have some of them, my most secondhand described jokes where we're in a situation. And I say, oh, you have to watch this Roy Wood Jr. joke about this. And one of them is I forever now, anytime I see an oversized American flag, I always think about your incredible joke about the math of American flags. And how many American flags equal a Confederate flag? There's too many flags in one place. It's still comfortable. It's so funny. And I just constantly think that you describe me and it's like, there's the residue of racism that too many American flags you can feel that it has a different message. It's not blatantly racist, but I'm watching you. This is a lot. It has too many different flags. Yeah, but I mean, like a joke like that that just comes from driving in the South for half a million miles. Absolutely. I've driven every freeway in state road. I've seen the big garrison flags when you come in a town. And there's something really good and prideful about it. And then I've also been in some corner store where there's a bunch of don't trade on me and all like it's interesting. It's very interesting. And to me, that's not even, and that's a joke wearing a way, if you love the flag and you're not racist, how can I thread this so you'll laugh at it too? Because this isn't about your love of the flag. This is how, when there's too many flags on the same street, how it makes me feel. And I'm not saying it is racist. I'm just saying this. Like, even if I talked about in five to figure about how I like the Confederate flag, but I would rather know where you stand in your racism than for you to be covert with it. And it's just a broader statement about society. I would much rather, it's like that. It's like the discussion just about, you know, down south racism versus up north racism. And how it's very polite and up, you know, northerners are very prejudice, but it's not in your face. We're in the south. It's just straight up. No, stay over there. Don't even, this is a sundown town. And I want you to know that. Like there's no northern sundown town. Well, it's such a, I think it's such that that joke from father figures, such a perfect way of getting at something that is really nuanced about this conversation around history and symbols, right? Of like, that your pro can federify not because of the memory of the Confederacy, but because it lets you know who feels that way. And some formation, you know, something that you worked on that is one of, I absolutely love this documentary. You were an executive producer on a documentary called The Neutral Ground. And that is made by this incredible filmmaker, CJ Hunt. And it's about the fight to remove Confederate monuments. And it looks at a really serious, very sobering issue, but in a hilarious way. So I'm curious, since that is so much of, you know, you have this family history of being involved in the civil rights struggle. And now you yourself, you have this big platform and you are using it to talk about some of these same issues. So I'd love to kind of get into that idea of how humor can be a way to confront history and why it might actually be a powerful way to do that. I think it's, I think we're past yelling at each other to get anybody to understand where you're coming from. I just, if the last eight years of politics have proven nothing more, it has proven that two people screaming at each other is not going to get anything done. You know, we live on our own information bubbles as well. But, you know, I think one of the things that made George Carlin so amazing was that he could get you to laugh at something even if you didn't agree with him. And I think that's always been the same approach. So CJ Hunt, who, you know, directed and made this film, you know, CJ and I met at the daily show, you know, he was a field director. And before that, he was working on the Robin Theddy. So he was already in that groove of looking at humor from the rundown with Robin Theddy, which was also like a political satire vehicle over at BET. And so this idea of, if I can get you to laugh at it, then I can get you to listen. And so you want to find jokes even if they're on yourself or at the, even if the jokes are at the expense of yourself. And I think the thing that was very, what I respected about CJ's approach to the neutral ground was that it didn't come necessarily from a place of attacking the people who believed and defended the monument. It was simply an exploration into why. What is it that makes you feel this? Now what if I told you this, this and this about history and that everything that you've been, everything you've been sold since reconstruction was propaganda and a lie. The mothers of the Confederacy spun half of this stuff and got these monuments. That like, it wasn't even supposed to be like, so exploring it from that place instead of chastising people who want to defend all of that. You know, and there was still parts of that documentary they got very real for CJ. You know, he went to Charlotte'sville and I don't think anyone predicted that Charlotte'sville would have become, you know, such a lightning rod point because there have been so many Charlotte's vils before. And just so many other, we're going to show up and protest and yell at each other from across the street incidence. And Charlotte'sville was warned that went off the rails. And even in that, you sit in the real feelings and the horror of that and you're still able to use humor to come out on the other side. And you know, I think that, you know, for the people that are looking at this, especially like in the professional sector where you're trying to use humor and you're trying to use something lighthearted to go into issues that are serious within your companies or within your personal life, you don't have to joke on the issue. The issue itself is not funny, but how did we get here? That's funny. The causation. Who are the people responsible for the causation? Or who are the people that are fighting to change this? There's humor in that. Who are the people fighting against change? Who are the people fighting for change? And I think if you look in those areas around an issue, you're always going to find fertile ground. So you're always going to find something on the outer rings that is worthy of satire or observation. And even if it has the weight of day, you wait a day. But, you know, there's always going to be, you know, when you look back, you know, I look back, you know, you know, and Trevor Noah had the unfortunate task of hosting the daily show. Pretty much every time an unarmed cop killing footage got released, it was a show week. And so, you know, this idea of figured out where the humor is in that and the humor is not in the tragedy, it's in the bureaucracy around it. So I just think when you look at it that way, then you're able to find pockets where you can, you know, you can, you can jab a joke real quick and get in and get out. It doesn't have to be hilarious all the way through, but you definitely want as best you can to try and use humor. I just think it's a better way, you know, of doing things. So for people who are listening who, you know, they see the power of humor, they see the power of comedy, but they're not professional comedians that they don't necessarily think of themselves that way. What tips would you give them for trying to successfully land a joke without offending people? I think if it's about trying to find humor without offending, I don't think that that place truly exists. I think that you can try to make it as offensive proof as possible. So the first thing you have to do is let go of the fact that someone is, is or isn't going to be offended. Before you delve in the four, as I call it, the four safety corners, like food is never offended. Not to the point of war, maybe on Twitter, if I go on Twitter and go, I hate this food than a bunch of people. But you can still show up to work the next day. You're not going to get sent to HR because you said you didn't like macaroni with bread crumbs, which by the way is not the way to do macaroni. Please stop putting bread crumbs in my car and stop truffling everything. I'm getting off the couch. Our fear, the comments are going off right now. People are furious about that. I see the emojis floating up. Stop truffling everything. I said it. There's no reason. Everything gets to have to taste like a fart, only pasta. So if you're not attacking a person or an ideology or a group of people, you're generally in a safe place. If you are not attacking a particular reason why something happened. So don't make jokes based on assumptions of the truth of why you think someone did something because what we also live in is a correction culture. And so people are quick to go, well, you know the reason why that actually happened. So if you go, he did that because this and joke. Well, someone who doesn't believe that premise, you know, might be bigly it said it best. Somebody has to agree on the premise before really agree on to laugh at the punch line. And I think that's what we've lost as of late. But if we're just talking short fire, short answer, rapid fire, food, entertainment, love and money, like job employment, if you stay in those four pockets, it's going to be hard to offend someone. But if you're determined to make the edgy joke, just know that somebody might not like it, especially if it's at the expense of another group. Well, a lot of people in the audience, you're asking some version of this question. This is one of the most common things that people want to know about comedy these days. I find it's like, but aren't you afraid of being canceled? Aren't you afraid of what will happen if people take it the wrong way? So how do you think about that? I don't think about jokes being taken the wrong way. I can't concern myself with that. My job is to write the joke that I think is funny and perform it for the people who want to laugh. Now I exist in a different space because I'm not at a company where I could be written up. I can't go, I can't be sent to HR at a comedy club. All that happens is that people leave the show up or they don't show up. And at the end of the day, I think that people vote with their wallets and their remote controls. There's people that still love you. They're going to come see you. And so those are the people that you do it for. And you ultimately cannot, if you're constantly performing to not piss off a group of people, then who are you? Because now you're constantly altering yourself to public ideologies. And to me, that's a very dangerous and uncreative place to be because now you're trying to be creatively out of cart for whatever the moods are at that particular time. And if you're that, then at what point are you ever yourself? The thing though that I wonder about is how do you balance the authenticity and the courage to say something that you believe in, regardless of consequences, with the ability to stay open to valid critiques about places where you're getting it wrong or you haven't thought it through all the way because it seems like a lot of times people take any criticism as an attack and shutting it down rather than an opportunity to grow. So how do you balance those? New wants has been removed from the conversation. I've always welcomed critiquing criticism, but then critiquing criticism also has to come from a place of not trying to completely chop somebody's head off. And I think I, I learned a few comedies that reads their YouTube comments. I know you're shitting, but YouTube and Reddit are by far the most comprehensive and fair critiques of any forms of entertainment in my opinion. Better than Facebook, better than Twitter, all of that because like Twitter and Facebook, like that's all engagement and arguing in the comments. I can't perform it. I consider that outrage performative, whereas if you're typing a Reddit thread, you don't know who's going to see this. It might only four people might see this or or a million. Like that's from the heart. I just, I just don't think that you can, I don't think that you can truly say you're evolving as a performer if you're not looking at how some of the material is making people feel, whether you adjust to it or not is up to you. But what I do not like is the retroactive cancellation of, oh, here's something that you said from 15 years ago at a time where society was different and I will judge it now based on current societal standards. I think attacking is if you just said it yesterday. That I'm not cool with. I think that's a little bit of, if we want to acknowledge the past, I'm going to apologize and get past it cool, but totally. And also, you know, any good performer, any person that you want to spend time with, hopefully they've grown and changed and improved, you know? And I think that's part of that should be part of that assessment. When you find the old clip on person, let's also take a look at their arc from that time until now. But I do think that jokes have real effects. I think it's naive to think that you can make a joke and speak truth to power and establish that and the government will change with this joke. And then also, I think that you've got right to joke that could destroy somebody and make them feel in you name. You know, we've been talking about how it's important to have a thick skin to be a comic and yet many artists and many creative people are really sensitive and that's key to tapping into their creativity. So what advice do you have for people who are artists or creative people who want to be more comfortable getting that feedback, who want to get to the place where maybe they could read their Reddit comments or their YouTube comments, but they feel like they aren't there yet. Find a person you love and read their YouTube comments and see the hate and see, and just you're literally, you're going to be amazed at how could someone not like that project or that movie, what's a movie you love? Go read some reviews. It's all got haters. And once you see that, it'll help normalize it a little bit for you and you'll know that what you are doing is not that different and that's just all part of the path. You know, I know some people don't like hate and it's also very different for women, which is something that I learned from talking about a lot of, you know, with a lot of women comics in the industry that is, you know, what I've benefited from is that most any insult that I've filled it has been a critique of my art. It wasn't a death threat. It wasn't my looks. It was, you know, things of that nature. So, you know, by all means, I wouldn't say you immerse yourself into anything that's triggering or your own traumas. But if you can as best you can, look and assess the things that you love and just see that none of it is available. It all gets insulted. It all gets critiqued by people who can't do it, who don't know what they're doing. And once you understand that that's part of the process, then you're able to trust what you're doing and just find your audience. Find the people who like you. That's all you got to do. Well, let's go and talk about the White House Correspondence Center for a second because you hosted it this year. And you know, this is, you're directly talking to the most powerful people in the country. And I'm curious what jokes you were proudest of that you got to say in that setting. I had like, you know, six or seven writers working with me on this, some former Daily Show, former Nightly Show, you know, all worked their way in the political satire sphere. And we were constantly changing everything like we, I mean, I had a whole five minute spy balloon chunk. And by the time we got to the dinner, no one cared about spy balloons anymore. Like it was just such a, we made, so we made it a throwaway joke and it worked. But the Clarence Thomas NFT joke still makes me laugh and saying that we can see him, but he's owned by someone else and that's what an NFT is. And you know, considering that people called Clarence Thomas a token black guy and NFT also means token. And they thought that I was also, that was like a happy accident where people like, oh, yeah, you called him a token, like NFT a token. And I was like, yes, yes, I did. Yes. That was the intention. You call that. Well, Roy, it's been such a pleasure talking to you. Thank you so much. And congratulations on all of your degrees. It's really impressive. So yes, thank you. I worked very hard at them with Sharpies.