 The question I am most commonly asked about climate change is, should I be optimistic or pessimistic? I thought about this question a lot. My career has been at the intersection of climate science, technology, policy and industry, mostly working for you, at one point working for a US president, and now as chief scientist and chief carbon-rangler, at carbon direct. At that intersection, I think about that question in terms of energy flows and carbon abatement options. So I ponder a variant of that question, how much energy should 10 billion people use? I was first prompted to think about this question by the late great Richard Smolling. Nanotechnology, Nobel Prize winning chemist, co-discovered Bucky Balls total mench. He gave an important and influential talk almost exactly 20 years ago, in which he laid out the top 10 challenges to humanity, energy, water, food, poverty, the environment, health, and then said something kind of obvious. All of these are energy challenges. Water is the most straightforward. Three-quarters of the earth's surface is covered with water. It's too salty to drink or use. The primary cost of desalination is energy. Food, I like food. 80% of the food consumed around the world moves through modern agriculture. That means synthetic fertilizers, combines that harvest, refrigeration, shipping, they're all energy. Climate, that's my day job. How do we go from 54 billion tons of greenhouse gases every year to less than zero very quickly? So what? Abundant clean energy can make progress against this whole list. Richard estimated what he thought it would take for 10 billion humans to live more or less like the United States. His answer was 60 terawatts. Keep that number in your mind. 60. For reference today, the world uses about 26 terawatts of energy, about eight terawatts of that are electricity. Now the urgency of climate means that we have to for all of the energy we use today and all future energy really has to be abundant, sustainable and cheap. Abundant available where you want it, when you want it. Everybody should have energy, including the three billion people who use less electricity than my refrigerator uses. However, it should also be sustainable. We can't emit a lot of greenhouse gases, we can't trash nature. Ideally, it's cheap. A lot cheaper than today, maybe half or a third of what the US pays, that would be $20 a megawatt hour or $1 a giga-joule. And remember, it's energy, not electricity. We also need heat for heavy industry. We need clean fuels, things like clean hydrogen or sustainable aviation fuels. Well, that seems hard. And it is. But if you know that's what you need or what you want, abundant, sustainable, cheap energy, we have a new question to ponder. How do we get 60 terawatts of that to 10 billion people? Well, the good news is every day the Earth receives 163,000 terawatts of energy from the sun. About half of that bounces back to space, but about 80,000 terawatts arrive at the Earth in a form we can use. For example, the air, land, and oceans convert some of that into about 870 terawatts of wind. These are bigger numbers than 60. And we got more than solar and wind. We have geothermal, we have hydro, we have nuclear, there's other kinds of clean energies. And some of the best resources are in fact in the global south. These places are not simply future climate victims. These places are latent energy superpowers. And we've made some good starts. Let's look at Chile. Bless with abundant hydro solar and wind. They can make green electrons on demand. A lot of those green electrons are going to get turned into hydrogen and ammonia. The key ingredient for fertilizer itself a good fuel and a great way to move clean energy around the world. Now Chile has prioritized using these green electrons and hydrogen to decarbonize its own grid and for domestic energy use for things like mining. They are also building infrastructure. They're building out the grid and ports for trade and commerce. This prioritization, this emphasis on infrastructure is the difference between a neo-colonial economy and a new economy built on abundance. Let's go to Kenya. Home of the second most productive wind farm on earth in Lake Turkana. Home of the second largest geothermal program on earth. And future home of the great carbon valley where this abundant sustainable cheap energy will create whole new industries and pull CO2 out of the sky. Now those are good starts. But we have far, far to go. Hash tag we need more. Specifically we need new investment vehicles. And we need development mechanisms that recognize the opportunity of abundance as opposed to being built on the scar cities of the past. My favorite example, Namibia. A young rapidly growing nation full of promise one of the very driest places on earth. Namibia has excellent solar and wind resources in particular in the southwest. Unsurprisingly a giant 10 billion dollar project is bouldering along that will land 3,000 megawatts of solar on the ground, 3,000 megawatts of wind that will feed 3,000 megawatts of electrolyzers that will make clean hydrogen and ammonia for export to Europe. And European countries and European industries are providing the long-term off-cakes. In addition the port of luterates is getting an upgrade and there's going to be jobs and wealth creation in Namibia. I love this project. What's that to like? Namibia gets wealth in jobs, Europe gets clean, secure energy supplies. Still something's off. That's it. This project is 10 times bigger than Namibia's whole grid. And this project will not substantially build out the infrastructure or energy access. No refrigerators. No new courses in nation. Now again this is a great project but how can we do even better? Not just here but everywhere. How do we harness abundance sustainable cheap energy for all? Well there's three ingredients to that Buea base. And if you plan to harvest abundance you act differently in each. First out of the gate, infrastructure. We need transmission lines, roads, ports, well roads, fueling stations. We're not moving, bits we're moving molecules and electrons. We need this infrastructure to get electricity to the people of Namibia and to get clean fuels out of ports like Mombasa or Cartagena. These projects take time, money and people. We need to develop the human capital as part of these investment projects for decades. Because remember children for the rest of our lives every week is infrastructure week. Second out of the gate. Innovation. We need much more energy in many places. Much cheaper. That's an innovation agenda. Now all y'all are familiar with the profound and rapid decreases in cost associated with solar-votable takes. That was a combination of sustained investment in innovation, plus market-aligning policies, plus mass manufacturing. For solar that was the United States, Germany, China, and others acting together. Well if that's the recipe, we can do that again. We're already doing it with electric vehicles in clean hydrogen production. We can certainly do it by turning electricity into fuels and pulling CO2 out of the sky. In fact, the CO2 in clean hydrogen will be the next generation of sustainable maritime and aviation fuels. We can go way farther with solar, with perovskites, with multi-exiton technologies like super molecules. We can double or even triple the output. We just have fusion in California. Not a harness that abundance and objective should be cost reduction, maybe 50 or even 80% cost reduction, and those objectives should be part of the goals of the institutions that run innovation. For example, the US Department of Energy's Earthshot programs. Third, investment. Specifically, we need to move away from single-project finance to more systemic investment mechanisms, one that re-imagined risk across multiple projects, multiple investment cycles, and multiple years. Some of the goals of the audacious and overdue Bridgetown Initiative. In addition, the full value chain should be part of the investment thesis. Revenues come from many sources, including the infrastructure itself, the equipment sales, the new products, and the improvements for health and welfare, global positive investment, global positive growth that yield solid returns. In the case of Chile, Japan is a key partner, and Japanese firms will make money on turbines, electrolyzers, ships, infrastructure, debt. One green hydrogen project is not enough money to do that. You need the rebuild shipyards and supply chains. You need more than one project. So the Japanese government has, in fact, backed dozens of projects. And these are anchored by bilateral agreements between Chile and Japan that include long-term offtakes. Multiple projects and long-term offtakes change the value propositions for both countries. You're not feeding a set of shareholders, you're feeding two nations. In Chile has maintained its commitment to this now through three successive governments. So let's go back to Namibia. Here's the grid today. Instead of conventional project finance for one project, what would a hundred billion dollar set of projects look like? Well, for starters, you'd sure have to build out the grid a lot. You have to add solar and wind, maybe supersize some projects, maybe add some hydro power. Instead of temporary construction jobs and lutarits, you'd have a permanent construction industry there. And you'd be building electrolyzers all over Namibia. That would anchor supply chains across sub-Saharan Africa. And you'd train a generation of workers. That would be big enough for desalination, bringing fresh water to the desert, into the communities, into the new industries. Big enough for hospitals, universities, regional logistics hubs. Big enough to encourage good governance. And best of all, low-cost, clean fertilizer that could be used to make food in Namibia sold there into its neighbors. In effect, Namibia could be a global anchor for food and fuel. And the investors would get a solid return. Now that's a future to be optimistic about. So, because let's be honest, whether I'm optimistic or not, the work looks the same. So, let's reimagine that first question. It doesn't matter whether I'm optimistic or you're optimistic. It matters if we are optimistic. Collective action, building together is what makes the difficult possible and nourishes the soul through mission and purpose. And we have a lot to be optimistic about. Infrastructure, innovation, and investment are commitments to the future anchored in optimism. We also have the tools and tech we need. We know what to do. And we can act not out of anger or fear, but out of generosity and common purpose, bringing aspiration and humility together. We're going to build a thriving, vibrant, exciting world, full of generosity and full of potential that's going to be built on the back of infrastructure, innovation, and investment that will harness the abundant, sustainable, cheap energy that is our planet's endowment. Thank you.