 You know, one of my earliest memories as a kid growing up in Jordan was watching my father, who was a government engineer at the time, set up a new computer. I was just a kid, but that machine really gripped me. It felt like it was magic. We couldn't really afford it, but my father had a feeling that this thing is going to be transformational for the world and for our lives. At first, like most kids, I started playing video games. I figured out how to boot up video games and play them for hours. But then I had a radical thought, what if I could make my own video games? The very notion that I could take a concept in my head and make it a reality that I and other people can explore was something that was really gripping. Now, fast forward to my teenage years and the internet has just arrived. And I thought I was going to change everything. I was bursting with business ideas, but there was a problem. I don't know where to start, which language do you use? How do you even share your creations with the world? And these questions sent me down a rabbit hole. The first thing that I attempted doing at solving these problems is putting a code editor in the browser. Can you make it so that you can code anything really easily and share it with the world? So eventually I had a breakthrough. It built the world's first online programming sandbox with a lot of different languages, and that went viral. A bunch of companies in Silicon Valley started using it and they hired me. I got a visa to the United States and I came to New York. A few years later I set eyes to go west and I came to Silicon Valley to start the company. And that was Repplet. Our dream is to make it so that anyone can turn an idea into software quickly. Our vision is to empower a billion software creators. But giving people an editor was not going to be enough to get a billion people coding on it. We signed up millions of people and today we have 25 million developers registered on our site. But we need an order of magnitude jump. A couple years ago I stumbled on this technology that's the reason we're all here, large language models. And I thought this was the unlock that's going to make it possible for anyone to become a software creator. The interesting thing about large language models is that you can transform any thought in any human language into software. And this I thought is how we bring a billion software creators online. So right now I want you to imagine something. Let's say you're traveling in a new city and you're walking around and seeing these magnificent landmarks. But you're interested in the stories around these landmarks. Now it kind of takes you out of the moment to pull up your phone and Google and find a Wikipedia page for that particular landmark. Wouldn't be easier if you had a map with the Wikipedia links superimposed on the map. Typically an app idea like that will be just a fleeting thought and maybe you just forget about it and continue with your life. Maybe you'll buy a domain. I know I've been guilty of buying tons of domains that never turn into anything. But in the world that I'm envisioning you can actually do something about it in that moment. You pull out your phone and you talk to your AI assistant. And AI assistant and just not just passive listener. It's going to start brainstorming with you. It's going to make connections that will find projects you've worked on in the past that kind of look like this idea. Let's see if you want to give a clearer picture. Well, pull out an app can draw a mock, snap a picture and boom. You send it to your agent. Let's start strategizing and thinking of a roadmap. Now you don't have a lot of time to chat with it. You're on the go. So you send it a voice note. Now you hit home. And you have a prototype. You have a tangible thing that you could actually play with. You have a starting point to make an application out of. But it's not just a prototype. But you also have a plan. You have a plan of action that could turn this prototype into a production app that you can share with the world. Now, apps take time and they take money. So we're going to set a budget of how much money we're going to spend and how much time we're going to spend on this app. To take a look behind the scenes, it's not just magic, although it will feel magical. The plan editor becomes a plan source. It recursively expands all of the different tasks. It goes out and assembles the tools. And these are tools that as developers we use every day. This is your code editor, your source control, and everything that we're used to. And you have of course the code. Now this is not just about coding. It's about a new wave communicating with technology. Being able to talk and draw and work with the AI to make your vision's reality. Let's go back to our plan. We're going to run it. It has four feature ideas. The first one is user auth. Every app needs that. The second one is a way to collect feedback from users. And the third one is a way to like places you've been to. And the fourth one is a navigation. The first branch is kind of easy. The AI has seen log-in pages, cheerling times, and knows how to code it. We'll take a look at the code, we'll merge it. The second one is a little bit hard, maybe it's a novel task. But the AI here is prompting us to add more compute. So the easiest way to solve this problem would be to bump in more compute. Maybe that means a larger model or additional contacts or additional tokens in order to solve this problem. And the problem was solved. Third branch is kind of easy, smooth sailing. I look at it, it works, I merge it. Now the fourth one is kind of difficult. The AI seems confident that it's not going to be able to solve this problem with more compute. So it prompts me with an increased budget. Now it's a hefty number. And that's because it's not just going to recruit AI's. It's going to go out and recruit people. It's going to post a bounty. So in this case, we need a human in the loop. Now until we get AI today, natural intelligence is going to be really, really important. So we go out, we get a human. That code is going to also be assisted by AI, and they're going to help me solve the problem. Merge everything together, and it's the matter of hours and $50 or $60 or so. I have an app I can deploy. I deploy it, I share it with the world. Now to step back a little bit, notice that I didn't write a single line of code. I was basically the creative heartbeat of the project. I managed the project, I managed both AI and people mediated by AI in order to build this application. And that fleeting thought that you had is suddenly an application. So I can almost hear some of you thinking, okay, I'm just, this is great and all. This is a fascinating vision. But it kind of looks too fantastic, too futuristic. Well, I'm here to tell you it's kind of already happening. So just a couple of weeks ago, on entrepreneur, on replete, Yuri, he's a technical recruiter by training, he's not a software engineer. He learned enough code to start building his startup. And thousands of miles across the world, we have Akashdeep. Akashdeep is a student in India, he comes from a farming family, and he can't afford a PC. He's never had a PC, all he's had was his Android phone. He started learning to code on replete just a few months ago, and then decided to go and start making money on the plethora. Now he makes more money than his entire family. And he can afford a lot of different computers, not just one. And now he's joined forces with Yuri to build that startup. You know, today we talk about the Fortune 500. And it takes a ton of employees to build a big company like that. But I think in the future, when AI is helping everyone build their dreams, we're going to be talking about the Fortune 5 million. And again, this is not just a fantasy. We're already building this. Last week, we announced that we're open sourcing our AI models, and we're making it free for all our users, because we think that's a massive step up for all of humanity. AI is not just a tool, it's a ladder that equalizes opportunity, and that opens up horizons for people that are typically on the sidelines. So I'll live you with this. Imagine that the American dream, not just in one place, but actually in the cloud. Thank you. Thank you.