 My name is Partis Parker. I live in Los Angeles, but I'm from Canada. You guys want evidence that I'm Canadian? This is a true story. I once had someone ride over my foot with their bicycle and I said sorry. And then I said thank you. It's a true story. And then we both did shots of maple syrup. And then we made out in the snow. It was quite it was lovely. I apologize for everything man. I do. I apologize the first time a girl told me she loved me. Now it's just like sorry. Here's what's really funny. There's a Canadian city called Surrey. S-U-R-R-E-Y. It's right next to us. Surrey is filled with Indian and South Asian people. So that's a bunch of Indian South Asian shops, stores, boutiques, the whole bit. Which means at least once in history the following scene has played out. Hey where'd you get your sorry? Surrey. If you don't like that joke, sorry. And also thank you. So I'm from Canada but I live in Los Angeles. I think the biggest difference between Canada and LA is the extent to which people in LA fetishize wealth. Like it's to the point where I've shocked that there isn't a wealth category for adult videos. But then I thought about it and I realized that those wealth fetish videos do exist. It's just they're not where you think they'd be. They're not on adult websites. They're on architecturaldigest.com. People just touring their massive estates while we sit at home watching on our laptops in the dark. Going show me. Show me a closet that's way too big. Show me a closet so big you could house refugees in it. But don't because then where would you keep your couplings? I'm terrified man. I'm terrified that LA is changing me. Then becoming one of those people who chase his money, who fetishize his wealth, who wants to be a billionaire. And I say that people get angry. They get defensive. They're like, well what's wrong with being rich? What's wrong with being a billionaire? What's wrong with being financially savvy? And it's just like, yo man, if you own a billion of anything, that doesn't make you savvy. That makes you a hoarder. Like there's no episode of orders where they go into someone's house and see a billion pieces of unopened mail that are just like, man, this guy's savvy. What a shrewd collector of unopened mail he is. I hope he writes a book. People get angry, man. They get defensive. They're like, oh there's valid reasons to be rich. There's valid reasons to be rich. I just want to be rich to build generational wealth. That's it. I just want to build generational wealth. And it's just like, yo man, why would you do that to your kids? Like no one's favorite kid at school was Bentley Worthington the third. Like no one has fond memories of Cadbury Money Nuts Jr. Of the famous Money Nuts clan who made their fortune in shipping. No one needs it, man. No one needs it. People get angry. They're like, oh there's personal reasons to want to be rich. They don't need to be rich. I want to be rich is to cement my legacy. That's it. I just want to cement my legacy. It's just like, yo man, being rich isn't going to make history remember you. You know how I know? There's 2668 billionaires on the planet right now. Name them. You can't. And that's while there's still a life. I mean, hell, there's 12 billionaires in this room right now and we don't know who they are. They're sitting next to us picking their nose and we're just like, man, I hope things work out for this guy. Being a billionaire man, being rich isn't going to make history remember you. It's not going to leave you a legacy. You want to leave a legacy. There's only one thing you need to do. You want to leave a legacy. You just need to be the one house on the street that gives out full-size chocolate bars for Halloween. That's it. That's it. Legacy cemented. It's been 30 years inside when trick-or-treating and me and my brothers still talk about 39 grand and drive. It's like, ooh, Sam and Lucy, oh those people were saints. They were angels. Someone to build a statue in their honor to celebrate their legacy. Sam and rich people in the audience who were offended by those jokes. I only have one word for you. Sorry. And also thank you. Let's go make out in the snow. My name's Partis Parker. Thank you for coming to my second TED Talk.