 I frequently miss entire days caught in my brain's spiderwebs. But if I happen to look up in time to notice that the darkness still has a little daylight left to swallow, I will ivy up the fire escape to catch whatever embers of the day are still slow dying behind New Jersey. And last week through the fog of my loneliness, I realized the living room was slippery pink, which I knew meant a light show must be on display. So with a quickness I reserve for emergencies, I scampered to the roof and sure enough, an explosion of upside down, clementine, cotton candy, cloud whists was tie-dying the Hudson River neon and I swear I am not a lightweight but I was color drunk immediately, dizzy with gas and skyward reaching, hoping my fingers might find a bell I could ring that would summon all of New York City to look up and west. But there was no bell and no one to call just my own astonishment still willing to answer after the first ring how predictable, one good sunset. And I released my nihilism like rose petals behind a bridal gown. Look, I have married my cynicism and renewed my vows. But it didn't stop the street lights from coming on at the exact moment I passed beneath them when nobody else was in the park to see it. Like the whole city was winking and yes I blushed, the way I do whenever someone beautiful flirts with me. I haven't stopped thinking about death. I am just ringing every last jaw drop from the tissue between heart breaks. On a long run outside the city, along a highway and miles from any shoreline I found a starfish, alone on the asphalt, an unsolvable mystery with no witness to corroborate and there I was again wandering the streets of bewilderville population one. What else could I possibly do but swing wide the doors of my delight to this patron saint of unbelonging, fragile and whole and so far from home. If you too have been the one nobody asked to dance, I've got a starfish I'd love to introduce you to. And I don't have any proof, but one time the wind or my ancestors or unseasonal warps carried three hawks to my kitchen windowsill to rattle my coffin to cocoon and two of them left but one of them stayed. I'd me through the glass like a promise or a dare and so lately I am trying to pick up when the universe calls. Oh no! Thank you guys! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you so much! My name is Sarah Kay. I'm a poet from New York City and in that very brief dramatic blackout I also transformed into the co-host of this session! A! Please give it up for the woman who keeps the ship afloat Helen. Hi darling. Let us introduce our first speaker. She's an artist from Amsterdam who believes that with enough trial and error the physically impossible can indeed be made possible. With her partner Ralph Nautilff who is right here she founded an organisation called Drift which is made up of artists and technologists and engineers and creatives. Together they create artworks that evoke the mysteries of nature and at times border on magic and she's here to demonstrate just a little bit of it. Please give a huge welcome for Loneka or Dine. When I look at the flower I don't see just a beautiful object to put in a face. I see an intelligent organism that is not still. Perhaps it just opens its petals to discover light for the first time or maybe it's at the end of its period desperately blossoming to attract a bee and get pollinated. As humans we innately respond to the blooming of a flower. But how do we design this exact feeling? How can we capture this visual response in people? I co-founded an artistic practice to tap the mysteries of this world. Not by studying but by making. We called our studio Drift and wondered why almost everything that is made by people is static because nature is never static. Our mission is informed by nature and evolution is our process. That means we try and feel, make thousands of iterations before we succeed. In 2006 when the studio was still the two of us, I had an idea. How cool would it be if suddenly little lights would flow down from the ceiling, opening and closing, interacting with us like flowers? I was longing for this feeling to feel presence and in the moment the way how I feel when I walk in a forest. The idea was maybe impractical because to make movement we probably had to work with motors and software and other tools and knowledge that we didn't have. So we decided to start this project. In two weeks of kid bashing vacuum cleaner parts and folding paper patterns, we had barely something moving but it was our deadline so we brought our drafts to a local exhibition. To our surprise, the shy opening and proudly descending creatures immediately drew attention. People responded to them with wonder and a smile on their face, almost as if there was a puppy in the room. And we thought it was quite cool that with our art we could change people's behavior. So we decided to explore this further. Project Shilite became a process of years. Coming from art school with no technical background, we had to learn to build control boards, develop programming software, make mechanics move in an organic way with gravity and complex silk patterns. Basically, we had to become engineers, programmers, seamstresses and choreographers at the same time. What how do you express emotion between an acceleration factor and coordinate? Here is where we learned the most important thing. It's not about that it moves. It's about how it moves. Our body responds automatically to certain types of movements. Movements we already know from nature. Rhythms that are programmed deep within us. We are designed to be in a constant and dynamic interaction with our environment. There are numerous phenomena in nature that are super inspiring. But perhaps the most intriguing and relevant animal behavior to me is murmuration. Imagine thousands of individuals going places together with no clear leader without fighting. Still following their impulses and avoiding each other isn't this amazing because we are not capable of doing this. So dreaming big we had this other idea. How cool would it be if we could create a memories with hundreds of lights flying in the sky responding to each other as birds? Well, you would think you could hang a light under a drone but back in 2008 drones didn't really exist yet in the way they are today. Universities were testing in an early stage quadcopters. In our search for collaborations and technologies to help get all these objects in the sky at the same time, we didn't feel like finding anything. We were just way too early but we were so excited about this idea. We just had to do this project. Not knowing that we would plan to see it for what almost 10 years later is becoming an industry. In our software development, I think this was quite a unique process. Different than engineers basing their code on scientific data, we developed our software as artists by observing swarms for hours and hours. Not calculating but relating to the behavior of these birds. It was incredible how many incontrollable factors were influencing their choices. And it also made me realize and it was eye opening actually that also this happens to me. I don't have control over my life. With a computer, of course, you can test multiple scenarios in without big consequences. But of course, this was not the physical reality. Well, imagine how excited we were when almost 10 years later this was no longer software. OK, this is a test one. Where they were, drones, one by one appearing in the sky, slowly starting to swarm. We were observing it. We were feeling it and we felt nothing. Nothing. No emotional response. We remained blank. Not on the computer, it looked great. But this swarm looked way too technical. And we had to go back and let nature be our teacher because we were fighting the nature of our technology. Well, in a creative process, you try, you feel, you start over again, you change direction like evolution and like murmuration. And you're not in control, but you have to pave the road in this constant and dynamic relationship with whatever that happens. You know when it's right, when you feel it, you feel when the connection is made. So in 2018, we finally took our artwork to Burning Man. The drones took off and it was magic. This swarm, larger than a building, was murmuring over the desert. It wasn't a sculpture or a performance. It was something bigger. It became an environment that impacts the audience all at once in the same way. And together with the music, everyone melted into one energy. It was so much more crying. I was crying. It was powerful. And this experience connected all the present elements in that one moment. And it felt like a collective memory that came from deep within our DNA. In nature, every environment, thank you. In nature, every environment is constantly moving. And an animal doesn't know what it will eat tonight or at what time, but it will be present in the moment ready to adapt to whatever is happening. So why are human-built environments static? Nothing moves. Do we realize that this also stops us from moving? Did we unlearn to deal with change? Is this why we stopped noticing our environment? And is this maybe why we don't respond to climate change? And we feel numb while this is actually happening? Behind me, you see a block of concrete. I don't know if you noticed it before. But how do you feel about a block of concrete? Is it necessary to feel anything at all? Because it's just a block of concrete? We are so used to be part of a static world with concrete as its main character. But this shouldn't be our world. This is how we used to think, but this cannot be our future. What can we learn if the world is not in our control? What can we learn if we disrupt our expectations? Well, at a moment, the reality is just changing here in front of you. Can you accept what you see? And how does this feel? Is it frightening? Or can you feel a sense of wonder for a block of concrete? Can you imagine there would be a moment that you feel open to have a connection with a block of concrete? How can we deal with a changing world? Are we in control? I never felt at home in the static world. And since my childhood, I felt that animal behavior and plant behavior is way more logic than the way how people behave. As artists, we develop artworks that use movement to open us up and make us feel safe to embrace change because there is one fact. Change is coming. And we are not in control. We are murmuring. We are drifting. Thank you. So don't worry, it will be here all session, but just Monica, that was amazing. I'm really sorry, you guys. It's on its way out. It's fine. Okay, so come over here. As long as we are fine, we are safe. What's happening? Well, this drifter tries to find its way out. It's trying to find its way out. Is this sentient? Well, it should know where it goes. So let's see. What's happening? What is going on? Yes. I mean, this is kind of magic, I would say, and a big piece of engineering for my colleagues and amazing engineers that are making this happen. Yeah. Okay, so with this, you basically just came to the TED stage and told a whole bunch of type A people to seed control, to give up control. Like do you have any advice for how we should do that, especially when there's something concrete floating over our heads? No, but seriously, your whole work is about trial and error, it's about experimentation. Do you have any tips for the rest of us? I mean, not me, but these guys? Well, I think it's an illusion that we have control. And if you look at nature, you see that it's also not there. And I think we have to accept who we are, that we are not in control, and that we need to change. You know, our bodies are made to change, but we kind of forgot about it. We built our safety structure around us, and we need to learn to go with it and change with it as we are changing and as well as changing. Flonica, thank you so much. Thank you very much. If you are an architect who is practicing today, you are often faced with the dilemma of how to build sustainably without relying on pollutants like steel and concrete that form the basis for most construction and what are the other options. So as the founder of the design firm called Wallmakers, our next speaker is on a mission to design and build using new forms of mud and waste-based construction that are enduring, sustainable, and beautiful. Please welcome Vee Ngu, Daniel. The construction industry accounts for 30 to 40% of the world's total energy and resources. It also accounts for 40% of the world's total carbon emission. A man who lived long before us gave us a very simple solution and he is Mahatma Gandhi, the father of our nation in India. He said that the ideal house should be built with materials found in a fine-mile radius around the house. So he thinks, okay, what is that material? And it is right below our feet. It's mud. Now imagine if we can build a house with mud, there would be nothing more sustainable or eco-friendly than that. But then you might ask, how strong is mud? This compressed 5% cement-added mud block made by my alma mater, Oroville Earth Institute, is twice as strong as a country-fired brick. In fact, it has a dry compressive strength of 6.5 megapascal as compared to a normal 5 brick which just has 3 to 3.5 megapascal. But then you may again ask, what about water? Wouldn't water destroy mud brick? This is a brick from the same institute kept in water since 1995, a little less than 30 years. And you can see that it can still hold a significant amount of load. So what does this tell us? Can we change our perception of construction? Can we imagine a new way of building or can we bring beauty to dirt? I demoted myself from being an architecture graduate to being that of a Mason, or maybe I promoted myself, I don't know. I joined hands with local workers and started teaching them mud techniques. Very soon we started to change every aspect of our construction. Our foundations became poor dirt or rand dirt. Our walls became mud blocks or compressed dirt breaks. Why even our roofs became domes and walls made of mud bricks? This is a brick wall residence called Piravet House which we made in a very crowded community. So it goes in a zigzag pattern in need of natural ventilation. Now please remember that this wonderful parametric form or curves were made not with any computational technology AI or robotic arms. These were actually made with coconut, twigs, thread and the Mason's bare arms. At a time when the building industry is fast moving towards a future that exists mankind, we brought the value of human resources back into it. But way back in 2012 I was posed with a very life-oldering question. I was asked to build a residence, a low budget eco-friendly residence for a primary school teacher called Bijumati. And when I reached the site this was what I saw. A mountain of waste and debris dumped by the neighbors after they finished their construction because there was no other empty plot. So what do I do? Do I stand back and allow this waste to be dumped elsewhere? Or do I reimagine the philosophy of building with materials found in my vicinity? Neither me nor the future generations can unsee the waste that is getting piled in our vicinity. Therefore we decided to use this waste as a part of our construction technique. We hand-pull-urized this material, added a bit of soil and a gale, 5% cement and using the techniques we learned so far we kind of poured it in between two meshes and poured the entire mixture into it. The resultant product was not just a formidable partition. It was load bearing. These walls took the load of the entire roof as well. But this came at a price. I was nicknamed Scrap Engineer by locals who found it amusing to see an engineer search through Scrap in the junkyard. But what I found in the junkyard was pure gold. This is discarded electric-nitra boxes, washing machine wheels, deeking wood all became part of a new philosophy that included more and more waste. Oh, thank you. Now emboldened by this our new aim was to build multi-stored mud and waste construction. Is that possible? Yes. This shigara, a three-storey multi-stored mud and waste construction, we decided to further modify what we did in the Bijumati residence. So instead of using two meshes, we put two wooden shutters and poured the same mixture which we did in the earlier project. And the resultant product was as strong as before and economical too. This wall had a dry compressive strength of 4.5 mega Pascal and mind you, this building, this residence, we completed in a meager budget of $90,000 as compared to a general budget of $200,000 or more. Very soon, many practices in the country started adopting this technique, not just because office is eco-friendly part but also because it was cost effective. For us Indians, born to traditional societies, very often our dreams culminate in live with weddings and festivals. This by the way is a wedding stage. But the very next day, this too is a common scene. India discards 3.6 million tons of plastic every year. Therefore, we decided to utilize plastic bottles as a part of our construction for a new project called Churi. It is a housing project. And in this project, we started to build circular beams using plastic bottles and reinforced concrete and of course mud. We started to build it in circles. To be honest, we didn't know how this would eventually look like but we still kept on building the circles. We made it stable and put a roof on top of it. You can see how weird this looks. But Churi is a project that resides in a rocky terrain and is populated by a lot of trees and shrubs. Now, generally, these two factors are attributed as very bad things for construction. People generally cut trees or clear them to make spaces for their rooms or buildings or whatever. But in here, the trees not only form shelter but also cooled the building in a tropical climate. And as far as the terrain was concerned, generally people would fill it up, level it, clear it and build it up of it. But here, the building is perfectly camouflaged in the rocky terrain. That 10 meters away from this project, you will not see it. That is how good it is camouflaged. In this project, we managed to use 4,300 plastic bottles which would have otherwise ended up as a landfill or even worse in the ocean. One day, we all got sick working at the site. We had breathing difficulty and we kind of went to the doctor. And the doctor very calmly said, ah, it must be the burning tires used in road construction. Stay away. And we were shocked. There are hundreds of kids who travel these roads every day to their schools. There are thousands of families who traverse these roads every day to their jobs. Why some of us even stay on these roads? And the answer is stay away. One further investigation, adding to our worst nightmare, we found out that our country discards half a million tires in a day. No, no, I am not done yet. And the rest of the world discards another half a million tires to India on the same day. This is an aerial pick of a tire dump seen from space. This is in a GCC country that collects the tires from all of you guys and eventually dumps it in countries like India. Now you should remember all of this tires, most of them at least, eventually end up either in the roadtouring illegal process or we end up burning it to make again fuel oil because this is a petroleum product. Now one way to neutralize this huge toxic threat is to use it as part of construction. Now inspired from architects like Michael Donnells and American, we introduce mud and tire to form a new building construction technique. And now we are building residences, we are building museums, schools and this is the best way to neutralize this threat and create beautiful construction. We believe that tomorrow this may also be the alternative for the housing crisis that is a big reality for many of our underdeveloped countries. The heart of every project of ours lies with the problems that we created amongst us, discarded tires, plastic bottles, construction debris. None of these things should be dumped thoughtlessly or carelessly. The world cannot just find a solution but we can even find beauty in this disaster that we created for ourselves. I remember a single line by the point of my native language, Ulu and it goes like this. Namak Naame Paniwada Nagam Narago and we translate to this, it is our choice whether to build heaven or hell on earth. Thank you, thank you. There are so many strong opinions about how bad the internet has become, how it is weaponized mediaeoricality, normalize, miss and disinformation. But for me, the information superhighway has always been my saviour. As a little boy, I was sent from Nigeria to boarding school in the English countryside. It was like Harry Potter without the magic. It was a confusing and troubling time for an already sensitive little boy who was far from home. I was more like an exotic animal in a petting zoo rather than a student. And to top it off, I'm dyslexic and today what would be described as neurodiverse, which for me meant that the classroom was impossibly slow and my brain was not capable of assimilating how they were teaching me. So for a big part of my life, I was ashamed of my own mind and if I'm being honest, I was ashamed of myself. Luckily, the internet had other ideas. Every time I consumed something online, my brain felt alive. It was an awakening of sorts. And luckily for me, I am the right age to have discovered the internet in that very, very moment. So what did I start doing? I started realizing how my mind worked, how I could assimilate audiovisual experiences intimately, how I could name a song within the first second or the first note or talk about scenes and films like I lived them and how overwhelmingly powerful artistic experiences were for me. This became my savior and I wanted to share it with my friends. So pop ballads like more than words by extreme street poetry like Brenda's baby by Tupac. Films like The Last of the Moheekens, Love Jones and of course Cinema Paradiso. These experiences were way more than entertainment for me. I was being raised by these experiences and I needed to share it with as many people as possible. So my friends would come with their hard drives and I would download and share pictures and poetry and film for them. For me, the internet had become an endless library of the extraordinary and I didn't just have the keys to this library. I lived there. We would talk about Felacuti, Journey Mitchell, Neil Young. These were my heroes. These were the souls that have found the blueprint of how to do and win in this thing called Life. It also saved my mental health. The dancing of Misha Barysnikov was for me like watching a perfect sunset. The voice of Sarah Vaughan was my north star and of course the words of Pablo Neroode, well that will always be medicine for my soul. So how did I get to be this great observer of content and become an artist? He was just sharing images and one of the images I shared all the time was this image of Corretta Scott King. This image was taken by Monida Sleet Jr. The first black man to win a Pulitzer for photography. This image almost didn't happen because unbelievably no black media was invited to photograph the funeral of Dr. Martin Luther King. When Corretta Scott realized she said no one's coming into this church if Monida Sleet is not allowed and thank the heavens that he was because it was his lens that captured the grace and somehow on an unimaginable day the strength of Corretta Scott King on the funeral of her husband with her baby girl Bernice in her lap. It was this image that taught me that photography can be way more than wedding picks and birthday snaps. It was this image that let me know that that is best photography can let us know the work that we need to do. So, how did I become an actual photographer? Well the answer to that is love. My wife, my wife. We fell in love together by feeling each other's invisible scars like braille. She fell in love with all the parts of myself that I was ashamed of. She looked beyond my anxiety, my imposter syndrome and she saw a man that maybe had a point of view himself. So, she brought me a camera for my 40th birthday just five years ago. So, I have a camera now. I don't know what to do with it and once again I go online and I teach myself about ISO and aperture on YouTube. I teach myself about editing with Adobe Lightroom on YouTube and there's a great beauty for someone like me to be able to fail and fail in my little office online watching free tutorials. This is a gift of the internet. Everything changed when my daughter was born. You see the thing about not loving yourself is that when something truly great, something celestial like a child comes into your life. You tell yourself you don't deserve it. My daughter was premature and I was terrified to be the custodian or something so beautifully precious. So I hid behind my camera and as I kept taking pictures of this little soul and as she got stronger, the camera and my daughter taught me how to receive love and taught me to accept the immense grace and privilege of being a father. This is the most important moment in my photographic journey. Two years later, in 2020, George Floyd was killed and all of us saw that because of the power of social media. And this time we refused to look away. I looked at my wife and I said I have run out of tears and she said look to your camera and I took my camera to the streets of London not knowing if I would photograph five people or five thousand and I was able to observe one of the greatest civil rights movements in our lifetime. The global protest after the death of George Floyd is something none of us would have respected and my lens was there. One morning I woke up and I couldn't open my phone because I had so many notifications. The son of Coretta Scott King, Martin Luther King III, had somehow come across one of my images and posted it on his Twitter and then the world discovered me. Millions of people saw these images and now unbelievably British Vogue came calling and they commissioned a then unknown photographer to shoot the September issue of British Vogue 2020 and in doing so I became the first black man to shoot any cover for British Vogue. It took 104 years to get to my cover. Since then I've had this extraordinary career photographing amazing humans, amazing moments but beyond all the glitz and all the glamour it is really important for me to recognize the intentionality and the empathy of where my lens must look. The world is burning right now and we cannot pass each other by like ships in the night. So my lens has to look to where voices need to be lifted. I recently have become an ambassador for Save the Children and I went to Somali land to cover the famine, the hunger crisis that is in the horn of Africa. These brave people are suffering because of climate change or which something that they add very little to. Many of the children are born into a hellscape that is not of their making. 1.6 million children are on the verge of acute malnutrition and I want my images to let you know that you cannot say you did not know. So I ask you to use whatever levers of power that you have at dinner parties on your social media speak to those that can do something about it if you cannot yourself. I will finish by saying this. Do not be afraid to take the road less traveled. Where your vulnerability with pride it is what makes us human. This age of perceived perfection is over. Very few of us are okay and that is okay. And to the parents and teachers that are looking after children with different minds please let them know about the power and possibility of their minds because they may have the answers that will allow all of us to look toward the horizon together. Thank you. Our next performer is originally from Chicago by way of Los Angeles. He is a big star. He's got a big voice and big style which means I'm going to need everybody here to shed their mild manner to your head audience persona. You can go ahead and just shake that off. I didn't wear this dress for nothing. Okay. I need you to just loosen up and get ready to give this amazing performer as much energy as he's going to give to you performing songs from his album Daddyland. Please welcome Tolliver. He he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he He he vey해� Say what, did you remember the month of flavor? In the near, step ahead with the grooving danger Walk did he walk, did he walk, did he walk, walk? I'm a freak, yo, he was straight cop Everybody know that you stay with the idiot But you can't do the stars, I'm a place I better play on your lap Boy, I'm getting pampered, is hooked up, I should play on your lap Boy, I'm getting pampered, is hooked up, rockin' on flame And I'll pour the game, don't take me play, talk on board Get the hook and shine the rise Say what, did you find a little truth to your neighbor? Say what, did you find a big back to your shavon? Say what, did you remember the month of flavor? In the near, step ahead with the grooving danger Okay, Ted, I see you, we see y'all jumping up and down over here I was like, I don't know how to go respond to this baby But talking down on my life here And I just said, say what ya dad? Come on! Hey, hey, you got some crucco acas, they go crazy Hey, yeah, yeah, yeah, hit it, hit it, yeah, hit it, hit it I'm lookin' for the aliens in freestyle With the pretty brunz getting your knee grown And the slopes were the poor and the ski pole Freeze, that day, freeze, freeze, oh, no Freeze, I know, and everybody's sweating because the party is hot Ain't food just a fridge, I'm a slick that we got Gotta keep it wet to the mothas you flin' That's the wood to thaw it, do it again Say what, did you find a little truth to your neighbor? Say what, did you find a big back to your shavon? Say what, did you find a little truth to your neighbor? Say what, did you find a big back to your shavon? Step in there when the goose is danger Ta-da! I started to kinda feel like, you know? I got it, got it me Something got me feeling like a clown, like? And I didn't wanna take a big bite I'm truckin' a little cold in the center, ah But they'd be out and feeling like a winner Maybe cause the wind in the past I'm makin' big moves, people kissing my ass Been a hot winner since I sat in the class But I got my hand up, baby, give me your pass, huh? They ain't no tellin' They were feet like a-never feelin' that home Just clapin' heels like clap Clap if you were feet like me, never feel now Just clapin' heels like clap Clap, oh, maybe I'm the wizard of all So took a lot to blow with every wallet in mind But every day the past got me liking my yards I'm not a better man, but I feel like a god Cause I'm dead-ass I got it, got it me Throw him there, snap your fingers and I disappear And just sing like, and just sing like, and just sing like, yeah I'm dead-ass I got it, got it me They ain't no tellin' They're havin' the angels sing like April I'mma make his just as long as a baby Said they'd make a boost from the grave to the cradle Who'll feed the y'all, use my lungs as a later I've been havin' fun with my labels Pants, experts, ear buds off the table Soon you see me grinning, no cable I'm sweeter than the man named Mayboy Cause I'm dead-ass I got it, got it me Throw him there, snap your fingers and I disappear And just sing like, and just sing like, and just sing like, yeah Cause I'm dead-ass I got it, got it me Throw him there, snap your fingers Thank you, thank you so much, Ted We appreciate your time And why don't we just say one more time? I got it, got it me Ready? Two, three, four I got it, got it me Y'all sing that winners, okay? I got it, got it me You feel it, Ted, come on in here I got it, got it me, that's right He's a never-one of you, baby I got it, got it me I got it, got it me I got it, got it me I got it, got it me I got it, got it me I got it, got it me I got it, got it me I got it, got it me I got it, got it me I got it, got it me I got it, got it me I got it, got it me I got it, got it me I got it, got it me By the way, in case you're wondering By the way, in case you're wondering This is what happens if you put Sarah Kay and Adder Space into an AI generator Our next speaker made history as the first Latina cast member of Saturday Night Live Where she just completed a six-year run She has voiced characters for animated films like Toy Story and Wreck-It Ralph And appeared in comedies on Netflix and HBO She is well-known for her incredible impressions and voices But the voice that we are the least familiar with is her most powerful voice of all Please welcome Melissa Villasignor Hey everyone! I'm Melissa Villasignor and I do voice impressions For example, this is Kristen Wig about to go skydiving I change my mind I'm scared I'm scared I'll get stuck on a cloud and then I'll have to become an angel Thanks This is Sandra Bullock if she were to knock over a bunch of dominoes Just pretend they're here in the room No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, that's it She always does that in movies And this is Lady Gaga if she gave birth to a baby and a star is born Miss Gaga, a star is born And this is Melissa Villasignor giving a TED Talk Hi, I'm Melissa Villasignor and I do voice impressions A little bit about me born and raised in Los Angeles, California to a Mexican-American family Middle child, okay, I was very shy, didn't do the best in school But I was very observant, maybe a little creepy And I realized I had this superpower of doing voice impressions when I was 12 years old And it all began with the pop singers at that time, okay, Britney Spears I know, spooky And hot, I should do that all the time, huh? I sang a lot of Shakita back then just there's a sheer roof in the closet And I was kind of wolf-like singing that 13, you know, Harry, puberty days I looked up to Gwen Stefani in high school, I loved Gwen Stefani from no doubt And I wanted to look like her, so I shaved my eyebrows real thin to copy her like in the return of Saturn days, that Gwen And I thought, oh, my friends at school must think I look just like Gwen Stefani I probably looked more like it, the clown, it was spooky thin And I just, I kind of always knew I'd end up looking like it I loved making my friends laugh at school with my voices And I suddenly wasn't so shy anymore, I felt like, oh, this is why I'm here, this is my purpose To bring joy and laughs And I suddenly got obsessed with Saturn Night Live at 15 years old And I was so determined, I was like, I'm gonna become a comedian And I'm gonna get on the cast of Saturn Night Live So right after high school, I graduate, I go straight to signing up for open mic shows in Hollywood My parents went straight to worrying for their daughter Now I went to junior college for them, you know, I went for like a quarter or a semester I don't know, I wasn't there long enough to find out But thankfully, I got amazing opportunities pretty early on in my career Because I think it was rare to see a female voice impressionist at comedy clubs Cute one But I got the opportunity to be on America's Got Talent season six in 2011 Not gonna lie, I killed it, okay, 90 seconds I did a bunch of impressions, just Barbara Welch's I did Natalie Portman from the Blacks flyin' I did a... Sarah Silverman What on the spikes? I did Molly Cyrus And Christina Aguilar From that exposure being on that show, I was able to quit my part-time job And become a headlining comedian around the country for clubs and colleges Now that's amazing if you've been doing stand-up for a while But I only had ten minutes and suddenly I had to do an hour at comedy clubs So I bombed a lie, I cried at a lot of hotels around the country But I noticed something as I was on the road working on jokes and performing I noticed that everyone was laughing at all the impression bits But every time I tried to talk about myself, my life, my family, it didn't get laughs It was starting to bug me, people will come up to me after shows and they would go Oh, I love your own Wilson impression, he's so funny And I'd say thanks, but inside I'd be like, wait, do they only like me for my own Wilson impression? That really bulms me out So at that point I became determined again, I was like, no, I'm going to write about myself I want to find my own voice among the voices that I do Because I think it's important and it's special and I think it's the best feeling to connect as your true self with other people And thankfully I did find a voice Yeah, a funny sounding one but a voice And I like making fun of things in life, it just makes life a little easier to handle I like making fun of my energy It's not sexy, you feel it? My energy is a lot like a proud dad No wonder relationships don't work out because every time I go on a date I check out the dude first thing I go, man, look at you Hey, you look good Is that a new jacket? You look really sharp, my boy Here's 20 bucks, don't tell your mom, go ahead I like talking about how I'm Mexican You know? And I don't look at a lot of people don't believe me All my life, people would say, aw, you're Mexican, you don't look Mexican and I get so apologetic I'm like, aw, I'm so sorry, I forgot my sombrero Oh man, did I not roll my arms enough? Sorry, and I just have to salsa away I know exterior, you wouldn't believe it, but just know that inside A lot of piñatas in here I bleed tapatillo You know, I don't speak Spanish, I was a lazy kid, second generation Mexican, I didn't work on it I know, shame on me, or as you would say in Spanish I don't know I have been working on my Spanish though, because there's a lot of relatives of mine that only speak in Spanish And I think back when I would hang out with my great grandma, my aloeita No, I would just nod and smile and wave at her How rude, she and my, she was just staring at me lovingly I'd be like, hey, aloeita, how are you? Mira, melisa, mira Mira, mira Thanks, you're bonita too And then she started talking crap about me in Spanish I'm a melisa, I see Mira It's a loca I know, I'm a loca, you too, huh? No, I mean no I'm a melisa I pobrecita What, the tone changed, what are you two saying over here? I don't like this, why are you saying now? Not tienes novio, pobrecita What is that? Boyfriend, I don't want one right now, I'm free It's stupid, that green guy is funny Fair enough See, I'm like imitating my family and talking about him because that'll never get old, that's always a part of me Celebrities, I don't even know him, you know, but this means so much to me, I like imitating my mom, she's a funny character When I'm driving my car and she's in the passenger seat, she's a backseat driver, she comments on my driving And she knows it pisses me off So she whispers everything about my driving, which is like that's worse Everything sounds so dirty to my innocent ears I'm driving, she's in the passenger seat holding onto that rail, you know She's pressing, I didn't know there was a brake pedal on that side because she is pressing it, she's just Slow down Ah, you're going too fast Ah, we're not in a rush Ah, oh my back Oh, there's a spot right there, right there, right there, right there, aww You missed it Oh nasty Now after nine years of my journey, I did get the chance to audition for Saturday Night Live in 2016 and I get cast on the show It was so beautiful to be on the show and magical, it felt like I entered, I mean my dream, it was real, it was beautiful And being on the SNL amplified everything I ever wanted, especially for doing voices Now I left SNL after six seasons on the show just recently Because one, I wasn't strong enough anymore to handle the pressure of the show Two, I wasn't having fun anymore looking up celebrities And three, there was something inside me, inside my list that was saying there's more to discover about myself There's more talents, there's more things to learn to expand on So now I'm in a funny position because I did the goal, evil laugh No, it is a funny position I meant because that was the goal I worked for since 15 and it's so like now like what do I do? Has anyone here reached a life goal and still have years left? There was one day recently I googled what the hell do Olympians do after they go to the Olympics Just because I want to know other people that feel it so I did find out on Google Olympians become teachers and mentors and I thought, well if that, I don't want to do that The thing I noticed within the six years of being on SNL There was something, the best stuff that I did were pieces where I was doing my impressions but I was also very much being Melissa So as I go forth in my journey, I got to remember to always share the gifts that I have of doing voices And also make sure I could be vulnerable and be myself So something I'd love to share my stand-up shows is how I struggle with low self-esteem And I constantly have to tell myself positive talk in affirmations Now I don't use my voice, no I sound too sarcastic, I don't believe me If I say I'm good at what I do, I'm funny, I don't know Thankfully I have a Dolly Parton impression So I say my affirmations as Dolly works way better Just I'm good at what I do, I work hard I work, I work not to five, water way to make a living More like ten minutes because I'm doing all to talk So I hope the lesson or thing you leave with is that I hope you could put your masks down, your personas, and be your true self Because man it rocks Maybe learn a Dolly impression So you could look in the mirror and say, I am brave, I am beautiful Or better yet learn your Melissa impression so you could look in the mirror and say, look at you You're cool! Mucha gracias, thank you Thank you Hi I'm Björg Engels A few years ago I spoke at TED about the power of design to give form to the future we would like to live in And our next speaker shares the same philosophy He's been spending decades designing technology that fits with the way we want to exist in the world And lately with his wife Bethany they have been creating a company looking at weaving the power of artificial intelligence into our very lives And personally I am very excited about a future designed to put the human experience first So please welcome to the stage Imran Shadry Good evening I spent 22 incredible years at Apple helping to design experiences and devices ranging from the Mac to the iPhone and to the Apple Watch And as the power of compute increased the size of our computers or our devices decreased The desktop paved the way for extraordinary interconnecting this but it was stuck to your desk The laptop provided portability but you still had to be sitting down to use it And the smartphone evolved us into the modern connected humans we are providing millions of the ability to access the internet from our pockets And the smart watch was a window to that phone a companion device with a whole host of health insights all shrunk down to your wrist But what comes next? Some believe ARVR glasses like these are the answer but they merely move the screens we already have in our lives today to being just millimeters away from our eyeballs A further barrier between you and the world and the future is not on your face In fact in 2017 the legendary tech journalist Walt Mossberg wrote in his final column that he felt that soon one day technology would become invisible And that the computer would disappear and we agree Sorry this is my wife I'm gonna have to get this hello Hey Bethany how's it going? Good are you a Ted? Yeah I'm on the red circle right now actually Oh great good luck and don't forget to mention me I won't babe thank you Love you Love you too Bye It's gonna get different in a minute So my wife Bethany and our entire company humane have been working to answer the question of what comes next And you may ask yourself why? Why would anybody do this? It's because we love building technology that genuinely makes people's lives better And we believed that artificial intelligence or AI would be the driving force behind the next leap in device design And there is an incredible amount of stuff that's happening in this space huge huge advancements And even Bill Gates has said of open AI's GPT that it's only the second most revolutionary technology demonstration that he's seen in his entire lifetime But what do we do with all these incredible developments? And how do we actually harness these to genuinely make our life better? If we get this right, AI will unlock a world of possibility for all of us And today I want to share with you what we think is a solution to that end And it's the first time we're doing so openly It's a new kind of wearable device that end platform that's built entirely from the ground up for artificial intelligence And it's completely standalone You don't need a smartphone or any other device to pair with it In fact, I'm wearing one right now And it interacts with the world the way you interact with the world Hearing what you hear, seeing what you see While being privacy first and safe and completely fading into the background of your life We like to say that the experience is screenless, seamless and sensing Allowing you to access the power of compute while remaining present in your surroundings Fixing a balance that's felt out of place for some time now And I can't wait to share more details about what we've built And I will in the next few months But today I want to talk to you about what it unlocks And what it means to be able to take AI with you everywhere And what happens when technology increasingly disappears Technology becoming invisible Affords us new opportunities of how we interact with compute We've become so accustomed to tapping on an app or moving a cursor with a mouse That it feels second nature But that's by design When I was working on the iPhone I used to test interactions like slide to unlock with my infant daughter She was the best possible focus group She's 16 now and she's got a lot more ideas than she did back then This also by the way is the only non-AI generated image that you'll see for me today And as I look at it now I see more than ever why a future driven by AI is far better than a future that would involve more screens Like this He's cute though But for the human technology relationship to actually evolve beyond screens We need something radically different Let me show you Where can I find a gift from my wife before I have to leave tomorrow? Thank you Ms. Granville Island is a lively shopping district That's an incredibly simple response for a very complex query How often do we find ourselves in a new city, wrestling with our phones Trying not to bump into people, trying to figure out where we're going and where we're supposed to be It's even harder when we don't speak the language, right? Let me show you something Invisible devices should feel so natural to use that you almost forget about their existence These devices are invisible to resemble natural IT For the pastoral existence You'll note that's me and my voice speaking fluent French using an AI speech model that's part of my own AI This is not a deep fake, in fact it's deeply profound This is my AI giving me the ability to speak any language And you having a chance to hear me speak that language in my own emotion and my own voice Thank you This is moving away from the experiments that make us all concerned about the direction compute is going in But it's instead using technology to create real responsible compute products that are in service to us and built on trust This is good AI in action And we spent thousands of hours reimagining and redesigning new types of compute interactions ranging from complex voice commands to intricate hand gestures All in service of trying to find more natural ways to interact with compute Why flumble for your phone when you can just hold an object and ask questions about it? The result almost feels like the entire world becomes your operating system And when compute disappears it allows us to get back to what really matters, a new ability to be present Like writing a bicycle in the park and just ripping through emails or going to a concert without having to hold up your phone to capture it Or experiencing your toddler's first steps without a screen between you and your child In the future technology will be both ambient and contextual And this means harnessing AI to really understand you and your surroundings in order to achieve the best results Imagine this, you've been in meetings all day and you just want a summary of what you've missed Catch me up Patrick is coming to tomorrow's design meeting, Bethany wants to move next week's dinner and Oliver is asking about soccer this weekend These are emails, calendar invites and messages all surfaced up to the top You can use these to help guide your decision making, manage your workload and sculpt tailored responses in your own voice And in the context of your life And we gain this context through machine learning The more you use our device powered by AI, the more we can help you in all times of need Your AI effectively becomes an ever evolving personalized form of memory and we think that's amazing In fact, let's say you're health conscious or you have certain types of food considerations Let me just show you, picked up one of these chocolates, used to eat a ton of these when I was a kid Can I eat this? A milky bar contains cocoa butter, given your intolerance, you may want to avoid it So I can't eat these anymore But what's cool is my AI knows what's best for me, but I'm in total control I'm going to eat it anyway Enjoy it Your AI figures out exactly what you need And by the way, I love that there's no judgment, I think it's amazing to be able to live freely Your AI figures out what you need at the speed of thought A sense that will ever be evolving as technology improves to And these examples are just the start As AI advances, we will see how it will transform nearly every aspect of our lives In ways that will seem unimaginable right now In fact, Sam Ortman from OpenAI feels the way we do And that AI is grossly underestimated and I'll add so long as we get it right We really believe that we're only beginning to scratch the surface of what's possible Embeded advancements of AI like in a device that's actually built to disappear and allow experiences to come forward And we open up entirely new possible ways of how you interact with technology And how you interact with the world around you More humane, intuitive interactions that are screen-less, seamless, and sensing This is so much more than devices just getting smaller or more powerful This is the possibility of re-imagining the human technology relationship as we know it And that's what's so exciting It's a huge challenge no doubt But it's the world that we want to live in One where technology not only helps you get back into the world But enhances our ability to do so It's within reach and you saw some of it today The future will not be held in your hand and it won't be on your face either The future of technology might almost be invisible Thank you Thank you, Imran So our next speaker calls himself a mad scientist And it is safe to say that his projects are pretty out there He is a creative, immersive, experienced designer And he delightedly blends physical and digital worlds into one to make fun Often slightly ridiculous tech projects and experiences that give us a glimpse into what the future might look like Here to share more, please welcome Lucas Rosotto So a couple of years ago, I went through a pretty brutal breakup And to keep myself distracted, I decided to set myself a ridiculous art challenge To create the closest thing to a real-life time machine with very little technical experience And the bank account of a college graduate Now, I know this sounds crazy, but avoiding your feelings is a very powerful force and I had a plan You see, all I had to do was to spend an entire year wearing 3D cameras on my face Record my life in first person for 365 days, transfer that into a series of hard drives And then build a virtual reality simulation that will let me experience those memories in 3D That's all I had to do In other words, I was going to create a personal time machine A virtual reality invention that will let me go back in time and experience moments from my past And building this was pretty insane I had to learn a lot of technical skills in a really short span of time And for an entire year, my Tinder profile looked like this But in the end, it was all worth it because the final result was so much cooler than I could have ever imagined So this is how it works You put on a VR headset, you select a date and time you like to go back to, you pull a lever And then bam, I got to see exactly what I saw at that given point in time And in this case, I was eating a bagel and a tree, which was the thing that I used to do And now I could go back in time and re-experience the past trip, try a meal again for the first time And even hang out with a friend who is no longer with us And the longer I spent, you know, with this time machine, the more I realized that I had accidentally built something That was much more meaningful than I initially imagined Because this wasn't just an entirely new way for you to experience your memories This was an entirely new way for you to understand yourself As I used the time machine, I started to become hyper-aware of how much of our lives we forget over the years And how important it is for us to enjoy the moments we have before our minds inevitably forget them I learned to be kinder to myself as watching myself wander through life in a third person Kind of taught me how much of a dick I am to myself when things get rough And I even started to have an active friendship with myself As in many of my recordings, you'll find me talking to future me sending thoughts, hopes, and feelings across time And this was really cool and it was also really confusing Because I was just trying to get over my ex with some art But somehow, by mixing art and technology, we ended up in a really interesting place And the world agreed The time machine went super viral, 50 million people saw it And it even inspired people to start entire companies based off this concept So it seemed that by mixing art and tech, I created something innovative by accident And because that made me feel pretty good, I was like, can we do that again? Could I just take emerging technology? You know, the stuff that's weird, the stuff that we don't understand Do some art and just accidentally innovate? And so our journey begins A couple months go by and ladies and gentlemen, I was back in the game, I had a new girlfriend Her name was Max and things were going well And Valentine's Day was just around the corner So me being me, I decided to give her a little bit of our project So, where about to see what I can see from my perspective? I'm wearing an AR headset that's tracking her body in real time, so here we go So love is a really abstract feeling It's something we all feel but we can't see or hear So I created this experience that turned the touch between two lovers into this visual and auditory symphony Basically transforming intimacy into visuals and sounds Which I thought was pretty cool and Max got to play me too, which I think she liked But when I posted this online, people started telling me that I had built something completely different And that is when I realized that by engaging in the artistic exploration of intimacy, I created a new kind of musical instrument A particle synthesizer that lets you play complex sounds in midair like this Pretty cool, right? We're not done, just for good measure I took those instruments and I attached them to a piece of clothing So I could now play my own clothes with my hand in midair, which is ridiculous And I think it's the first example of interactive digital musical fashion So, for better or for worse, art took us to some really interesting ideas And at this point, I thought I was onto something, but then I had another breakup So, but it's okay because an artist can do what an artist does best, which is to turn heartbreak into art So, jokes aside, this was actually a really difficult time in my life Because not only I was going through all of that emotional turmoil, I was also moving to an entirely new country I was leaving my hometown from Brazil and moving to the United States Thousands of miles away from family, no friends, didn't know anybody So, it was probably the loniest of my entire life So, why not use this opportunity to take my misery and make something cool? What if we use VR to create an experience that's specifically designed to foster the connection that I needed To make me feel closer to strangers, and that was the genesis of where thoughts go So, this is how it works You enter these virtual worlds in which you're surrounded by these sleeping creatures Each one of them is a voice message left by another user who was there before you were If you raise your fingers and touch them gently, you can listen to the voice messages that people have left behind And in each one of these worlds, you're asked a different personal question So, by playing this experience, you're essentially going down an intimacy funnel in which you're getting to learn about deeply intimate aspects of other people's lives And of course, at the end of each one of these worlds, you can put your hands together, give birth to your own little creature, speak into it, and leave your messages behind for others to find It was sweet, beautiful, anonymous, and people would say things in this experience that they wouldn't share with their closest friends And when I was making this, everyone told me it was a horrible idea People would tell me that chose would destroy the entire app, that people would be mean to each other, that people would make each other cry And you know what? They weren't wrong Wait, so when I started testing where thoughts go with the first couple of hundred users, I found out that roughly 20% of them were crying at least once per session This is what I like to call where thoughts go, cry ray But people weren't crying because they were being bullied, people were crying because they were feeling emotionally moved by the messages of others We had created a system that instilled a deep sense of empathy and connection in a really short span of time And by making this, not only I was able to get the connection that I was craving, but I was able to give it to others as well And because how this experience was designed, there were virtually zero trolls in the system It's like people were walking to a church and instinctively knew to lower their voices, treat each other respectfully, and treat the space they were in as sacred Which is a cool thing you can only do in VR And when I put things that way, it's clear that there's something interesting here, some innovative ideas that could be used, you know, designs and lessons and approach that could be applied towards the entire internet But at this point you might go like, Lucas, you're not really innovating anymore, there's a lot of thought behind this And yes, but no, because a year after I launched this, medical doctors contacted me and told me I invented a new form of good therapy And now this RPs is being used in a medical trial as an anxiety treatment tool, and shortly after that I got to collaborate with SpaceX and St. Jude's to make a version of this that astronauts could use So they could emotionally connect with kids on Earth, this is not what I was trying to do But that's when it started to make sense, and it's really simple When you take technology that we don't understand in your approach as an artist, you do things that the conventional engineer would never think of doing And when you do that in a space brimming with possibility like emerging tech, it's only a matter of time before you stumble upon something or value That is why mixing art and tech is a great way to accidentally innovate, it takes you off the beaten path, it removes creative constraints And it allows you to approach technology in a way that's unique to you, that leverages your passions and your interests and your life events and breakups And all of this just comes together and gives you a unique angle of approach, and that unique angle is everything Because here's the thing about emerging technology, and this applies to everything, VR, AI, brain computers, and whatever is next No one knows what they're doing, everyone is just following blind hunches, it's too early in a technology's life cycle for anyone to have a comprehensive view of what it's good for And in the world where no one knows what they're doing, just following your gut is a really great thing to do Because what we have here is unlimited creative potential, it's the ability to create impossible objects out of thin air at no carbon cost, the ability to connect people in ways never possible before And it's the ability to create technology that changes how we look at ourselves in the world around this We have all the tools we need to create a future that's beautiful and human and exciting, and the only thing that threatens this is if we have a massive lapse of imagination So today I'm working on a new project called Pillow, and I'm trying to turn your bed, the most comfortable place in your home, into a mixed reality playground of wellness, play, and you're going to be able to play This is a human connection, and this is an early prototype, but look how beautiful this is, we're using mixed reality to connect two beds together and give people a way to engage that's never been possible before And even though this is early, there's so much that we're learning about how to create meaningful connections between people and virtual environments, how to use artificial intelligence to create immersive experiences that really feel personal, and how to approach products with accessibility in mind from the get go Things that work just as well, lying down on a couch as they do in a hospital bed, and I don't know where this is going to go, but it's going to be somewhere interesting And when I look at this, I just don't see art, I see research, I see things that could be turned into products and companies, and I want more artists to start tech companies, we need more artists in technology, but we also just need more technologists to think like a little bit like artists Because some of the world's most important ideas, you really can't stumble upon them by just trying to chase the highest valuation, sometimes you only stumble upon them when you approach technology from a place of truth When you build things just because you need to make them and you don't know where you're going, but if you follow your gut, you will be rewarded, and I don't know how, or when, like with anything else that I told you about today, but you will be rewarded, we will all be rewarded And being true to yourself is just a really good long-term strategy Technology gives us the tools, but art shows us the way It's always been like this, it's hard to find a single futuristic startup that hasn't been deeply inspired by some kind of science fiction material Engineers have always followed the imaginations of artists, and that's not going to change anytime soon, but what is changing is that technology is becoming easier to use I didn't know how to do any of this five years ago, artists don't have to be in the background anymore We can get our hands dirty and build science non-fiction instead to create projects and companies that challenge the engineer-dominated visions of technology and propose something new Something a little weirder with a little more heart, and I think in the process we can unlock new realities that not only we're excited to live in, but that we're excited to see our children grow up in For the longest time in technology, artists imagine so engineers can build, but I think engineers build so artists can imagine So if you have a crazy project in your back pocket, something you always wanted to do, but never got around to, you should go for it You will never know where you're going to find on the other side Thank you Thank you When I get my heart broken, all that happens is I write a bunch of sad poems, what the hell Yeah, yeah, I'm just overwhelmed, give it up for Lucas on my time please I'm going to make him a t-shirt that says I got my heart broken and all I got was this life altering world-changing art and technological innovation And it's going to be just for him Okay, as if, oh oh oh, also, Lucas will be offering demos of the pillow experience at the house party tonight So look for the light up clouds to try it out Man, the sentences you end up saying at the TED conference I'm at the large faucet I will be near the box game experience and you look for the light up clouds to try out the pillow experience from Lucas at the house party Okay, as I know we are approaching Stimulation overload, simulation overload But we have one more incredible experiential treat before we release you for the evening Our last speaker of the night is the director of the London based studio Marshmallow laser feast And he works across media to create experiences that bring us into worlds that are far beyond the limit of our human scale and regular experience This is going to be a hell of a journey so strap in, let's embark together, navigated expertly by the very luminescent, or sun, Han, or sun I was a mosquito once, carried by the breeze in the grized-ale forest in the north of England As I drifted between the trees surrounded by the chatter of the forest, swirling waves of pink and purpling off me Plumes of carbon dioxide and oxygen as the forest breathes Mastemarized by the beauty never before glimpsed by human eyes and I was in awe Then I was eaten by a dragonfly I became a dragonfly and discovered a magical world in which the entire forest unfurled like a film in slow motion Yet faster than your iPhone camera could capture it Through my dragonfly eyes, I took in my surroundings with a pretty much a full spectrum of light Unlike my human self had ever been able to perceive These forays into becoming something other than human came about as part of our experiential art piece called In the Eyes of the Animal Which I developed with my creative partners Barney and Robin alongside the members of our art collective Marshmallow laser feast Our aim was to translate the sensory perception of different species, a mosquito, a dragonfly, a frog and an owl So we can more deeply understand how they see, hear and feel It was for us a step into ummelts, a concept coined by the pioneering biologist Jacob Warnock-Skull to describe the unique sensory world of an organism Human notion of reality is just one among millions, each species has its own extraordinary and unknowable experience of reality Based on the unique ways their senses translate the world around them In essence, your and my unvelte fundamental differs from the unvelte of a mosquito or a dragonfly Myself, first one's road, the only true voyage of discovery is to behold the universe through the eyes of another Our voyage of discovery into animal kingdom led us to plant kingdom, an eventual to trees, where miracles appear in every level of magnification All we need to do is to look closely In 2016, we found ourselves standing in front of a giant secoetry in the Secoa National Park in California These giant trees are portals through which you leave your human self-importance behind and embody something much larger, much stranger, much more than human All I could think of was, what is it like to be a tree? What is it like to be, one of the largest organisms that has ever existed, one that has endured more than 2500 years How does it feel to host a vast wave of relationships that anchor an entire ecosystem? Now, step with me into this giant, as we peer through the park, the vascular system of the tree reveals itself Infinitely complex patterns and relationships connects all forms of life into a tapestry of interdependence Carbon and water, more than a thousand liters of water, in fact, flow freely through the flow and zylam tubes Carry it along, we ascend to the canopy among the neon green moss and the lichen-covered branches We shrink in size and sit upon a pine needle A photon of light hits the surface, water turns into oxygen and the life we know it materializes in front of us This extraordinary journey of water inspired us to create our multi-sensory mixed reality installation called Trihugger With a team of scientists, programmers, engineers, lidar scanners and cent-makers, we immerse ourselves in the inner workings of a Sequoia To render visible what was otherwise invisible to human eyes Miley's Lensson, composer and the musician, recorded human and plant bio-electrical signals To give us a symphony, a soundscape composed in collaboration with the flora In fact, that's what you can hear all along Participants wore a hectic vest to feel these vibrations as if they are on heartbeat Bringing us a step closer, imagining what it is like to be a tree When we contemplate the relationship between our breeding cells and the breeding planet, we encounter this great question Where does my buddy end and where does the world begin? As you ask yourself this question, I'd like you to pay attention to your breath Inhale slowly And exhale Feel your tree-like lungs filling an empty with a rhythmic flow of air Oxygenated blood reaches your heart Your heart pumps like murmuration of birds feeding rivers from the center outwards to touch every cell in your body Under your skin you realize you are much like a forest ecosystem In modern industrial societies, we tend to limit our being to our body Shaved by the confines of your skin, your body is you, and that's where your you ends Yet, when we trace our outfreath, the boundary between inside and outside, between self and other blurs The air we breed transcends boundaries, sustaining life as it flows between all beings We take anywhere from 17,000 to 30,000 breads a day A third of those breads, coming from the forests and the rest coming from the oceans This puts us in an intimate relationship with the trees, thousands of times a day You might think you've never met a giant sequa before, but in fact you've been enmeshed and entangled with one every moment you've been alive In other words, we are as much trees as trees are us Our multisensory mixed reality installation, called We Live in an Ocean of Air, started with this realization By translating the unmet of trees for human understanding, it underscores the bond between humans and the wider family of life through respiration As participants follow their outfreath into a tree, they become one Now, notice your outfreath again Carbon dioxide that leaves your body lands on a leaf, opens it pores to drink it in Carbon travels through the flome into the branches, down the tree trunk and even all the way down to the soil Here, trees are in ancient cooperation with the Kingdom of fungi These fine threads of mycelium, those intelligent, root-like fungal networks that nurture and feed an entire ecosystem By simply tracing our outfreath, we realize the reciprocity between all major kingdoms of life, pulsing with one harmonious rhythm This exploration of rich and diverse life that exists beneath the surface of the soil is the next journey we are embarking on As fungi capture the public imagination through groundbreaking research, we are very much inspired by the works of Susan Smart, Mourn and Sheldrake and many others The Wood White Web, which is the working title, will bring us into the primordial relationship between trees, plants, animals and fungi And aim to dismantle the myth of human separation from the natural world As an artist collective, we seek to find emotional resonance in scientific stories Stories that connect us to the more than human world and coupled with emerging technologies, deep in our understanding of what is it to be something other than human Modern science is revealing something indigenous knowledge has always helped to be true That what is outside of us is not separate from us We need this ancient wisdom more than ever today And it compels us to use our technology to both honor and enhance our relationship with the web of beings The ability to perceive the world through the eyes and ears of other beings Through the flow of and the asylum of trees, even reconnects us, humans, to the fantastic and rich, diverse network of organisms that make a power shared earth It gives us a greater appreciation of what is it to be non-human, which in turn lets us more fully grasp what is it to be human too And it reminds us with awe that we are all but extensions of one another from three to three to you and me Thank you Thank you