 So we're living in an era with multiple overlapping disruptions that businesses facing. And I want to dive straight in and talk about one of the biggest of those, which is AI. How are you approaching AI? You know AI scale. There's, it's a whole big subject of course, but for us, it's an O.F.E. We aim to be the world's leading pharmaceutical company using AI at scale. Why and how are we going to do that? It's pretty straightforward. We have 23,000 people using AI as often as every month, 9,000 people in the company using AI as often as every day. We boldly taking on the opportunity to completely disrupt the business. We don't have a choice. It's the fourth industrial revolution. It's here whether we like it or not. And it's amazing how resistant people can be across organizations and across industries, where we're all in and have been quite public about that. Our aim is to provide daily decision intelligence, to give people a sort of nudge in the right direction, to give them deeper insights to allow them to be more effective at what they do. And it's real. And it's such a privilege to be involved in it. I mean, you're taking a very aggressive, active stance. What surprised you? Well, a lot of things surprise you about AI. I mean, for some people it's SkyNet and Terminator. Right. For some people it's, they confuse AI with cyber. I'm not saying everything is perfect, but I'm surprised that the number of CEOs or executives who, the first response to an AI conversation is governance, controls rules, principles, of course, everything has its place. But I think we have to be honest with ourselves, if it is the fourth industrial revolution, which we believe it is, then hesitating. The sphere that can take over can deprive you of so much opportunity. And you have to go for it. I find that when you talk to lots of CEOs, they really are very hesitant. Right. Some would say even frightened. I look internally, people are frightened that you get this radical data transparency. You can see their data real time. And you're experiencing that. I've experienced that. And still do. People are often shocked that you may get the insight at the same time as somebody lower down the organization. And then there's a lost opportunity to polish a slide deck and represent it in the way that I'm supposed to be informed. It's not a deliberate sort of misleading approach. It's what people know. They get the insight. They craft a story. They push it upwards. And that's life and many corporations. For us, we get the data. I get the same data at every level of the organization does. I get the insight at the same time. And then people say, pull, don't look. The data is not 100% correct. We'll make it correct because the data's live. So if you really jump in and make it correct, it'll better reflect what you're doing, right? But if we wait for perfection, it's simply not going to happen. Right. So we're seeing fear. And some of that, I guess, is not unreasonable. You know, we read reports about the impact on job losses, for example, to come from AI. I wonder what mindset you believe people need to adopt in the workforce of all generations as they approach or we all approach this new future? You know, the adoption of AI in particular is not about jobs. And I know people will think that. And inevitably, more meaningful works created. And of course, some roles change or some skills don't match. And therefore, you know, with the help of many of the people in the room, you get to reshape organizations. But in the end, it's really about using artificial intelligence to create this real momentum of decision making and to be able to take such an advantage over the competition. And we believe, I believe, that if you create more meaning for work and people focus on insights and action, and less on Excel and PowerPoint and Word, then there is a chance that they enjoy their work more. Now, it may lead to productivity gains. It may lead to efficiency. It may lead to all those things. Nobody's sort of denying that. But what I've discovered so far is when it does, people see it quite quickly. And they put their hand up to do something else or to focus more on insights than interpret than data crunching and aggregation. I'm old enough to remember when the internet was launched commercially. And it's sort of similar arguments, even when the cell phone was launched. Be careful. But the truth is, they made all our lives better. The use cases are coming. But I think we're starting to understand now how much this is going to change everybody's lives. So who's leading this in the organization? Is it a new generation? Is it specially appointed people? Where's the leadership coming from? It's an excellent question because maybe I'm the last of the great dinosaur CEOs who got to the top by doing sort of every job. I ran Japan, I ran North America. I was in global marketing. I did all the tasks. I get to the top. And then I've sort of seen everything. And so I can be involved in every discussion. And now the young Italian are saying, you didn't see AI on them. So I have a better insight than you do. And oh, and by the way, I'm not just going to push it up to my boss. I'd like to tell you myself. So the young Italian justifiably are saying, hey, I don't need to have my work shed upwards by a bunch of guys who are all sitting there going, what are you thinking? None of them actually know. And so we invert the pyramid. We have to have different people with two, three, four years experience in the room because what do we know? And that's sort of exciting, I think. Really exciting. So is AI a unique disruptive? If we think about some of the other big challenges, we've got to shift the entire global economy to be sustainable, for example. Is that comparable in terms of complex, maybe more so? How do you tackle that kind of an issue? I think these are the big transformational moments for society. And sustainability is, for many, it was a common neutrality, then it was net zero. It was go to COP28. It was, but opposed to by the elevator, the meaningful work you're doing to show your commitment. But it's really different now. I think there's a collective realization, study and healthcare, that we didn't do well enough. And we're a very purpose driven organization. And so an industry in fact, we do health, we transform the practice of medicine, we invent miracles often. And so it's very easy to say, look, we're very purpose driven. But it doesn't abdicate the responsibility of removing plastic from packaging of vaccines and medicines. It's ridiculous to even think you wouldn't have to. Often it's harder with the regulator, by the way, to get that done with your own people. So you've got those kinds of projects going on, have you? We're doing it. We're doing it. We have to do it. We have to do it because we have this sort of approach of what can we do that if we don't do it, it won't happen. Right. And that's sort of our philosophy. And in healthcare, it's got something, you know, the healthcare, delivery of healthcare, creates more carbon than the airline industry. And that's half of that, let's say 5%, half of that is making drugs, shipping them, doing different things. The other half is people driving to hospitals for an appointment in an overheated, overcooled healthcare practice too often without the use of a virtual hybrid delivery of healthcare. And it's the same as the airline industry. And you know, we feel because we're in healthcare, we have this unique opportunity, if somebody's pre-diabetic, for example, and you coach them and they change their lifestyle and don't become a diabetic, that's the difference of them creating 16 tons of carbon as a normal adult, healthy, and 48 tons of carbon in their adult life if they become diabetic. That's a 3x. That's really meaningful. And if we don't step in and help, we just simply never get there. And we're doing a lot of work, I'm doing a lot of work with King Charles and the Sustainable Markets Initiative to get people to decarbonize the delivery of healthcare because it's such a massive opportunity. And presumably you've got to collaborate in very different ways than in the past, you know, you've took that supply chains to deal with something like plastic. Are you seeing different kinds of skills from people in order to make those collaborations? Well, I think these functions and the sustainability groups as said have come from a post about the elevator to being very actively involved in a lot of work to do these things properly. And, you know, it's not about a competitive advantage in Sanofi being better at wastewater management or renewable energy than Pfizer or AstraZeneca. That's not a competition. The competition is us versus, you know, destroying the planet. So we work a lot together to do the right thing. I work with Novin Ordis, AstraZeneca, GSK, to try and work out ways to be kinder to the environment in the delivery of health. And it's the right thing to do, right? It's a shared responsibility, a collective responsibility. And we're talking here about big social challenges beyond any one business or industry or even country with an expectation that business needs to step forward. I think partly driven by the fact that policy doesn't always work and we're disappointed with leadership and disappointed with government. So a lot of finger pointing as to who's responsible and who can act on these big shifts. I wonder how ambitious and bold do you feel CEOs should be about stepping forward and helping society through some of these mega transitions that we are faced with? You know, it's clear that the companies are being pulled more into the conversation about individuals' values. And I think people who work in our company and all companies start to try and identify themselves perhaps rightly with the values of the company. And they're starting to have much higher expectations about the company they work for. And it can be on all the major social issues. You know, there's been so many difficult moments and tragic moments. I'm often written to by people from all over the world. You haven't declared which side you're on on this important subject. Why not? And people want to know that you are fully vested and the company is behind them. To be clear, it's almost impossible to get everything right. The world is almost, you know, perfectly divided. You can pick an issue and half your employees will tell you where we don't agree. And the other half will say, well done. And we're not used to that as CEOs. We're used to trying to find the right sort of moment to get the majority to say, I'm proud of my company. So you have to retreat a little bit and say, I'll spend my energy on making sure whatever the issue that the people, 90,000 people in our case, get the very best chance to live their best version of themselves. It could be inclusion. Right. It could be race. It could be many different things. It could be LGBTQ plus. But whatever those issues that are being debated strongly or less strongly in different parts of the world, it matters to us that our people feel they can be the best version of themselves. So when people ask, what are you about this? And what do you think about that? I can have a personal opinion. Our organization, if you're looking to match your values with ours, is really about we're in healthcare. We want you to have the best life possible. How can the company facilitate that in this sort of male strom of subjects? And we focus then. I'm not saying we're perfect. I don't think any company really is perfect on this. But the expectation of our own employees to be able to set a standard on an issue and to see it through is real. And leading in these times, more complicated, I think, than perhaps has been previously. So you're describing a world where the work of the CEO is changing very fast. Could you just sum up for us the role of a leader in this new era? Well I took this role at the end of 2019 and thought I will roll through my 100-day plan. And I will amble through getting around town halls across the world and shake a lot of hands and do a listening tour. And pandemic dropped on us within a few weeks after that and worked out of the kitchen, not far from here. And the war, Russia, Ukraine, current war, Israel and Hamas, and mentioned the pandemic, China, US, the social issues. And I think what we realize is leading is, I think, something we described as the permacrisis, a cadence of issues that just is relentless. And you really have to have some resiliency leading now, I think. And you have to recognize that there are a series of sprints in the role. There's the fundamentals of the business that must be continued. There's a metronome for us. We feel the responsibility to bring medicines and transformational medicines forward is non-negotiable. At the same time, parts of your organization is in a very difficult situation somewhere in the world. And we have to make sure we have the right energy, experts support crisis teams often more recently, to protect our people and to continue the work we do. We ship drugs all over the world irrespective of the stance of politics or anything else. People are people and if the sick will help. But it really has got very complicated. So resiliency, agility, being open-minded, recognizing you're not the expert many times, trusting the advice you get from your own people, particularly those on the ground, protecting your people where it's necessary, moving your people where it's necessary. That's the sort of new expectation, really. I mean, I think we're all experiencing this sense of permacrisis. Just to finish, it would be great to just get a sense of what are you really excited about right now? Well, I'm incredibly excited. I touch something at the beginning about the use of artificial intelligence, particularly large language models. Because I think it changes everything. It's got me questioning whether I can go back and look at medicines that didn't quite make it. I wonder if we just didn't know enough with the data that we had to look deep enough. It can be, you know, recently we just did our, this is a small example, but it's just fun. Our engagement survey, we had a 409,000 comments, 9 million words. And normally somebody would make a nice slide deck to tell me, the organization Paul is very engaged. Never been more engaged. How much more engaged? 0.1. Good, thank you. Definitely improvement. And so I asked them to run the 409,000 comments through a large language model. 40 minutes later, it told me there are three things that people love about the company, three things that people hate about the company. I didn't need a lot of external support, didn't need teams of people. And it was clear it was no hallucination because it was there right in front of me. And it made sense. And I shared them with people and they're like, yeah, that's us. And I think that's the difference we're meaning for using. Let's talk about what it tells us about whether people really like it here and bring their best or not. I think AI, for me, a relative in UCO, I have a chance to disrupt structural biology, electron microscopy, I have a chance to invent medicines and and drugable targets that were never touched before. I have a chance to take away the sort of, I should put it, the heavy lifting, unglamorous work that people don't like doing, I have a chance to reinvent everything to do more efficiently, reinvest it on D. And I have a chance to get ahead of the competition. While they're all wearing, we have governance. Right. But every step forward by us is a step of leaving behind those that are overly sensitive. And we're happy to share. But we can do incredible things for patients and for the people in the company by being more bold about stepping into the new world. Our passion is infectious. Thank you. Thank you very much Paul. Great to meet you. Thank you. Thank you.