 Jambu, greetings from the hats of Masaylan. My name is Dorcas Nayoro and I'm honored to be here today, not only as the first misclimate in the world, but also a daughter of the savanna, hailing from the vast plains of Kajado County, Kenya. I bring with me a story of resilience, one shipped by the changing patterns of our land and the challenges we face in our world grappling with climate change. Imagine waking up to the symphony of the savanna, the gentle moving of cattle, the vibrant calls of birds and the graceful sway of the golden grass and the aesthetic sounds from the beautifully-bedded clothing. This is the melody of my life. Deeply intertwined with the well-being of our environment. Cattle are not only our companions but also our livelihoods. As the Masayek community, we rely on our cows not just for income or to keep our children in school but also for sustenance as they form the foundation of our meals and provide the fuel that keeps our families going. However, this melody is changing. We are witnessing longer droughts and unreliable rains. The signs of climate change are becoming increasingly evident. The land that once sustained us now fasts. The struggle for limited resources, particularly food and water, pushes us into dangerous encounters with wildlife and other people as we fight for survival. It's a competition where the very ground beneath our feet seems to shift. This is not just about food insecurity, it's about the erosion of our way of life. Let me provide a clearer picture of our daily lives. After milking their cows, the cell of the milk brings in our modest income, allowing us to purchase essentials and have our children go to school. At home, a simple meal of milk and rugali, a step of food, sustains us. However, this routine is often disrupted. The dry season presents a different reality. The ones vibrant plains transform into graveyards for cattle with their skulls serving as a haunting reminder of the harshness of climate change. Our crops wither, living families with empty stomachs and schools with empty classrooms. The impact extends beyond hunger. Girls already vulnerable are forced to walk for long distances in such a water and this leads to increased health risks and also compromises their safety. Girls in particular bear the brunt of this harsh reality. Education is often sacrificed as families strive to make ends meet. In desperate attempts to survive, unimaginable things happen. Girls are traded for grass. What goes beyond this harsh reality is a right of passage from childhood to adulthood which involves a painful circumcision, known as female genital mutilation followed by allumarage. Girls are exchanged for grass to feed the remaining livestock to sustain the family for some time and say them live miserably for what they didn't choose. This desperate measure highlights the depths of our struggle where girls are married off for as little as a hundred bells of grass to sustain the cattle for some time in times of drought. Livestock have been our sole source of income. Now due to the actions of others, our way of life must change. This is happening in many other pastoral communities as well, whether it's adapting to climate change or defending against attempts to seize their land. However, we, the Masai, are not people who surrender. We are people who adapt. We are planting trees alongside our crops to create a shield, againness the scorching sun and to provide additional food and herbal medicine. We are transforming a new land into community branches for beekeeping and we are dividing our land into paddles to secure enough pasture for our livestock. These efforts aims to embrace a more sustainable form of pastoralism enabling us to better withstand the extreme dry seasons while also utilizing our land for agriculture. The renewable energy products such as solar power are also taking root. They allow us to produce water for nurturing tree seedlings and contributes to combating climate change. The renewable energy also helps us produce and store food more efficiently, reducing waste and safeguarding our livelihoods. Education is also crucial and empowering our communities with knowledge and skills to adapt to climate change is key to long-term resilience. By fostering climate resilience, livelihoods and diversifying our sources of income, we can provide alternatives during times of hardships. We are learning, we are evolving and embracing innovation to rewrite the narrative of our struggle. But you cannot work this journey alone. We need both international and local support collaborating with organizations that understand our unique challenges and respect our indigenous knowledge. We require policies that recognize and protect our land rights as secure land is the foundation of our food security. Additionally, early warning systems for extreme weather will assist us in preparing and responding to climate-related disasters ensuring the stability of our food supply. As we work towards nourishing 10 billion people that I believe we can, while restoring the earth, we must prioritize sustainability, equity and respect for the environment. From the hearts of the Kenyan savanna, I urge you, let us not only nourish our bodies, but also nurture the spirit of resilience, the power of community and the unwavering hope for a sustainable future. Together, we can rewrite the ending of this story, where the Masai girl not only survives but tries. Her laughter echoing across the plains, a testament to the enduring spirits of our land. Thank you.