 This might mean nothing to you, but it's everything to us. That's a movie. I'm trying hard to feel complete. Eyes meet and eyes, the power of a tide. So it happened all in mind, dreams. So every woman I love. But I don't know how to say no. Every single thing, every moment is a puzzle. I need time to get rid of all the worries. It makes you believe that I haven't got it. I'm a bullet-doller, all the time I've ever all been. I'm a bullet-doller, you may remember, I'm a wake. All you want to do is die. I'm a bullet-doller, you may remember, I'm a wake. I'm a bullet-doller, you may remember, I'm a wake. There's an infinite body of water above flat as the heavens and chaos. But there's a potential in chaos, if for nothing else but an active creation. I'm turning on time, all you ready for good time. Good time, I just might show you how to have a good time. Don't realize showing up for good time, a good time. I just might show you how to have a good time. Good time, good time. I didn't see you go guess I'm pan. The puddle with the big break. Clown the trend yet, which? They don't wanna hook a big fish. They need high voltage, they need high end dosage. But here's the milk, when you hopped something, they need stuff for men. They need your seat, I'm in 23. Jumped in like a bag of dutch, all my dolls with me. You're not keeping up with us, you're man you're more unbending. Running through your city, yes I'm cute, very pretty. Running rubber in your city name, I hold this fucking with me. Hey, you're a die, are you ready for a good time? A good time, I just might show you how to have a good time. I had no good time, showing up for a good time. Good time, I just might show you how to have a good time. Good time, good time. Good time, good time. Good. Below heaven, below creation, the dust mixes with the sea. And in the dirt and the mud, we first found our shape and form. That gods would drunk when they made us a new image. If you got it, then you got it. If you do not, I'm so sorry. I don't vibe with gravity, we take off like a rocket. If you got it, then you got it. I'm a one of one, I did not stop. We could never run, do I clean my bones? I'm a one of my cute girls, see you. It's a pop, I got a hot, I'm a cute girl, imagine their reach. I'm a rock and a rock, I'm a rock, I'm a rock, I'm a shitty girl. Hey, it's a guy, you got it, you cannot turn off the faucet. I'm limited to shine, go around my deer, I do not dare. It's a girl, but if we hold on, then we'll always have a kid. You got it, then you got it. If you do not, I'm so sorry. I don't vibe with gravity, we take off like a rocket. If you got it, then you got it. Our figures become bodies, and our bodies form the first thoughts, the first passions, the first fears, the first ideas, the first deceptions. Oh, I love my, oh, I love my, oh, I love my, oh, I love my head. Don't scan brown sun in my eyes, learn a new kind of efficiency to use a good price. Cut a brand amazing head suit back and suit, don't have an angel in lose, let lose, let lose, let. You're buying a room, just two, just two, just two, just two, just two. Cause I can know what you do, it's such a shame about you, go and come on new shores. I know, I know, I know, I know, I know. Use the wings I give you to explore. I know, I know, I know, I know. I want things you can be sure. I know, I know, I know. I will be there many more. I know, I love my head. Don't scan brown sun in my eyes, learn a new kind of efficiency to use a good price. Cut a brand amazing head suit back and suit, don't have an angel in lose, let. You're buying a room, just two, just two, just two, just two, just two. Good luck in all that you do, it's such a shame about you. I think you're the blue head, I don't know, did you lose it? I'm the angel of two ways, but you're already your guy. I think you're the blue head, it's two of them. To have an angel in lose that. You're buying a room, just two, just two, just two, just two. Good luck in all that you do, it's such a shame about you. Then let us protect the broken, the ones made in our image, our creation as our chaos. And the earth is our heaven. Yesterday was your birthday, I remember its painful, how much more can I take? I'm trying to be grateful, I managed to escape, but 24 hours, I don't have the power to take it slow. I'm a strong one, I'm a step up, but I'm a one, and maybe if I'm strong, I can help with where we are. If they take the wrong one, but no, I know what you say. You tell me don't go anywhere, you're not really gone, you've just changed. I know it's hard, your heart can make, but don't break down. I know the wound is wrong, you've got to believe, you've got to believe. There's a way, you can make it. It isn't far but you've departed, in the middle of the party, and everybody loved you. That's a mix of hard-done, my music will make up, and we're just so up a time up, try not to miss sight of the people that still make me like one. Today is a more one, chemical and periode one, to cry on the truck waiting, and then moving on one, but no, I know what you would do. You have your cake and eat it too, I try to make you proud of me, the voice in my head will repeat. I know it's hard, your heart can make, but don't break down. I know the wound is wrong, you've got to believe, you've got to believe. There's a way, you can make it. I know it's hard, your heart can make, but don't break down. I know the wound is wrong, you've got to believe, you've got to believe. There's a way, you can make it. Thank you.