 We are 10 days away or so from the 40 year anniversary of Ted's founding. 40 years unbelievable. And today we get to listen to the man who really has been the driver of Ted for the whole first part of that voyage. An amazing man. Please welcome the incomparable Richard Saul Werman. Thank you, Chris. That's the first time I ever heard you say that. Ricky, it's great to have you here. Thank you so much for so much. Gosh, where to start? I think I would love to hear a bit about your story before Ted was even a glimmer in your mind. Who are you? How did you become this information architect that conceived of this conference? I had the realization that there was two kinds of people, vertical and horizontal people. And success in terms of money power fame, getting better at a certain task, painting, sculpture, playing the cello, being a magician. Comes from doing that one thing better and better and better in your life. And you are, if you have the right PR, you just stand out yourself. You gain success in that profession. And in society. And my attention span points to horizontality. I'm just as interested when I walk down the street and what's left and what's right in the sign over there. And that horizontality is a life devoted to seeing patterns. And every meeting that I went, every gathering I went to, if it was eye ear and nose and throat specialists, it was on the road to becoming a nose specialist and then one nostril. The whole society was being focused and still is, many ways. Most gatherings are about one thing. And people talk to each other about the one thing they can talk to each other about. And the part of it is getting a job or selling a paper, getting a grant within that one speciality. And that's good. This is not a pejorative. This is an observation of what one of the ways, the major way, the world turns. But when I went to the University of Pennsylvania in architecture, I got a special deal with the dean that I could take as many courses as I wanted, as long as I kept a very high average. And so I was in class every day, every night, taking very odd courses inside paintings, snuff bottles and Japanese sores and iteration technology and ethnology and things on illuminated manuscripts and painting and just lots of history of astronomy. And I realized that I didn't take notes because I had no time to study. I engineered reverse engineering that you take notes, not to take notes, you take notes so you can study them to take pass and test that all the educational system was about taking a test. And my learning was about my memory. So I learned to listen. And I see and visualize patterns between things. And so, or that, can you qualified as an architect or worked as an architect? But how long was it before you really thought of yourself and described yourself as an information architect? I graduated in 1958, nine with a master's degree. And I was an assistant professor of architecture. And the first book I did was when I was 26 years old. And it was a book of comparative maps of 50 cities in the world. And that was my first book, was this information architecture. Because it was the comparative analysis of things was the systemic way of showing maps to the same scale, which people basically don't ever do now. If you look at the road atlases, every map on every page is a different scale. So, I would say when I was 26. And even from those early days, if you had the obsession with just what it is to explain something, how you make information interesting and useful. And it sounds like that came precisely because you were willing to go abroad. You were willing not just to look at a thing in itself, but how it connected, how the dots connected. Well, it's, I don't like to fail, but I was willing to fail. And I embrace it. So I see what doesn't work and what I can't understand. So yes, explaining as a key word, but we've never explained how do you explain things. And we don't understand how we understand things. Too very, they're very simple. And when we ask a question, most of the word is quest. There's no question in the question. We ask Laosy questions. And information, most of the word is informed. And most information is data doesn't inform. I'm talking dumb words now, Chris. These are simple words. Memory, memorize, understand, understand, explain, explain. They're all simple. Quest question, inform, information. Well, I'm going to come back to some of those questions at the end because I would love to know what you would say now about understanding, understanding. But before then, talk about, like you started to get very involved in conferences. There was a big conference that you were involved with before Ted talk about that. Yes, I was a little schlepper in Philadelphia. And I done with my partner, Al Levy, I'd done a book called Men May Environment for Kids. And had a nonprofit and called G, Cooper Environmental Education, G, G, G, you know, G with Lecklin Lake Long. And Time Magazine, which was important then. Time Magazine was the record of the week in the world that you believe if it got into Time Magazine. They did a big story on this book. And we're at Schlepper's at the Little Teeny Opus in Philadelphia Architectural Practice. Murphy Levy were an MLW. And it was picked up and the people from Aspen, from the International Design Conference in Aspen S, Mike's my partner, myself, Al and myself to come out and speak. He got ill. And this was one of the big moments in my life. I went out and I worked my, I just, I gave a speech. I think it's the last speech I worked out and wrote before I gave it. In fact, it's the one and only. But I really, I had it down. And I gave it, I don't know if the audience liked it so much, but some of the board liked it because it was, it was, it was complex. It was very dense because I was trying to, I was ambitious. I really was ambitious. And the board was the stars of the design world, the stars. And at the end of the speech, somebody came up to me from the board and said that was a very good speech. And very soon I was at my 30s. I was the others person. They put me on the board before the conference was over. And before the year was out and this was in June, before the year was out, I was asked to do the conference after the next one. So in 70, I was put on the board. 72, they already had the person chosen for 71. 72, I did a conference there for 1200 people called the Invisible City. And when you did a conference there, it was not funded, hardly funded at all. And you were, God, you're, you know, it's nice to be king. I was in charge of the whole thing. And at that conference, Lou Khan came and talked, incredible people came. And I learned how to fail and how to have things work. And I learned that you can't go to school for this. But that I felt really comfortable being on stage. In fact, I was more comfortable being on stage than in the audience. And because I was seeing things were going wrong when I was in the audience. And on stage, it was my mistake. And I enjoyed that. I knew I could do it better. So that was it. And it was the conference in the world. Not mine. Right. The National Design Conference, which was in Aspen. And the whole, the whole town was, the Aspen Institute was connected to it. And it was 12 hundred people came from around the world. My partner in my guidebook company, I had a guidebook company called Access Press. And it was on the process of doing guides to 22 cities in the around the world. So I had that. And around the corner for me was a gentleman by name of Harry Marx. That the CEO of CBS was Frank Stan. So Harry had never met Frank in his eyes were wide open because he was such a big deal. But we were in California. And Harry and I were talking and Harry wanted to do something because he was tired of what he was doing in television, which was doing ads for television programs on television networks. He invented this idea. And he said he knew I did the Aspen conference. Why don't I invent a conference and we'll go into business together. So I got Frank for $10,000. Harry to give me $10,000. I was like, both that money. I put in $10,000. I didn't have any money. And we were going to do this conference. But we signed a paper. And this is how close to that game did not happen. We signed a paper quite clear because Frank did not want to be attached to any failure. He was failure adverse as sometimes top executives are. And Harry was just a little nervous of that. And I was a loose cannon, as you know. And we signed a paper that if we didn't have X number of people signed up by December, we would not do it. We'd give the money back and we wouldn't do it. And so I was unethical. I was a liar. I broke that commitment. Neither one of them ever forgave me. And they have a right not to forgive me because I was not, I broke my word. But by that time my assistant, Janice Smith, and I went down. All the numbers in it showed that with the number of people who were signed up and if we sell the rest of the tickets at $100 each was $3.95. We sold them for $100. We could not break even, but we would lose less than if we canceled it now. And we'd even have to shell out more money because we had rented the room and rented the hotels and committed to things. So I went ahead and basically the two of them never talked to me again. Frank broke off his relationship as partner of my guidebook company, more or less. And Harry didn't talk except six years later. The first one was so good because we did it 84. This is now 1989. Harry Thompson says so many people have told them to do it again. All right, so he was he was ready to talk to you then. But before we go there, I want to go back to this first one and where the where the insight came from that there might be synergy between technology, entertainment and design. I mean, look, this was this was the year. You're going to make me say the conference is not about the audience. I don't care about synergy. I don't care for transforming the world. I don't care about getting letters in. I don't care about raw, raw, raw. What I cared about was pleasing myself. I invited the people I wanted to hear from. It worked. The whole measure is me. These were interesting people to me that most of them I hadn't met, but calling them on the phone and appealing to their ego and the fact that some of my new and if they were coming, other people would come. Right. I was before before you could invite them. You had to invite them to something. What you invited them to was this weird conference that was these three industries coming together. What did that just emerge from the discussions between the three of you that you were all kind of from those three industries in some way? You know what? We could pull these things together. Who thought Ted, TED, how did that happen? I did that. I think of Names for Things. The logo that you now have, I hand drew. That's not a typeface. I drew that logo. And I did that. But why? Who thought that technology, entertainment and design? Is it supposed to say software, architecture? Like there are many other ways that you could have combined. Why these three industries as the heart of something special? Chris, you've done me a better three thing and said, I will do it next time. They turned out to be okay. That's all. What it turns to be amazing. I like that. 1984 was the year that the Apple Mac was created. It was the year you had the... I was on there for the first time you could touch it. It was announced a month before. But the real ones, the people in the audience could touch. Mickey Schuhoff could show give away shiny little mirrors and nobody had a CD player. I just... Happened to... Right. But it's so... Like right at that time. So a CD, you know, it's technology, it's entertainment and design. It must have felt like in a harm moment. A bunch of people then that... Gosh, there really is this... this connectivity. And I just think it's beautiful how that happened. And tell me this, Richard, even from the start... My probably... The name that the E is the one that most... many people in, you know, to you say, oh, it's technology, education design. And it's... It's my way of being... more entertainment, being understandable ways of pulling you into understanding as opposed to the educational system. Design is what I was and technology was out there. It's a pretty dumb thing. Technology, I don't think. Yeah. So Ken Robinson himself said that if you... when you reveal that you're an education, everyone runs away from your parties, it's... It's so... Correct. So, can you... But the... I mean, it worked out incredibly well. And I'm curious about... Like, did it happen that from the first conference that because people weren't just talking to their own industry that they made an extra effort to have their words accessible to a general audience. Was that something you insisted on? Did it just happen? How did... How did that happen? How did that turn out? Build the ball field or come. You set up a situation where you gave people permission to talk to other people and they get in touch with their curiosity. The people I invited were... they had a filter of people I knew who were curious. They were open. The people in the audience who came were curious because they heard about it. And they went and they know what the hell I was doing. So, I mean, I wasn't invisible at that point. And Frank Stanton was not invisible at that point. So they had a little trust. That was all. I don't think it... It wasn't so planned. It was just trying to do good work. I don't have a... I can't write a doctoral dissertation on the plan and what I did. I just did something that felt good. If people... And it was good. Want to get a flavor of that first conference. There's actually a talk online by Nicholas Negroponte. They found out that MIT Media Lab announced it at that conference. He got up and he said, I'm closing the architecture machine and opening the MIT Media Lab. And he was co-director with the president of MIT. He gave quite a long talk. Longer than most textbooks would be now. And made some predictions. It actually... Nobody kept on talking because if somebody kept on talking, it was good. I let him. But basically, it was supposed to be under 20 minutes. So, that first one, only a few hundred people showed up. Less than you hope for. And it was a... It did... You lost money. You each lost $7,000. I think you told me of your... Each. Each. And... And so it didn't... Then happened for another five or six years. And... I wasn't gonna do it again. I didn't want to do it. I was it. I tried that and it was good. But I was on to other things. And I was trying to make a living because I was not in good shape. You know, financial. So, Harry Marks came to you in the 89 and said, Actually, it was a commercial failure. But people loved it. How about it? Maybe the time is better now. How did he persuade you? This time, I wrote a letter. You couldn't get out of it. I'd say it turned... If we don't have enough money by a certain day, I can't afford to lose any money. So, I did something which was radically different than the lie, breaking a contract the first time. But then it filled up. And it filled up from then on in. But Harry didn't like working with me. And he didn't, after that conference, he says, I just want out. I can't. I don't want to do this. Yeah. And... You bought him out for a prep prep? We did it along. We just didn't get it all. And so... You bought him out for a dollar, right? That's... That was like... And he wrote the dollar. So it's legal. So he wrote the contract and he asked for a dollar. And I... And there was never any problems about that after. And so... You then held head every year in Monterey, California. And there was this... Just growing... But I mean, that was the 90s when there was just this growing sense of optimism and excitement about technology and everything it was connected to. I mean, talk about some of those earlier's... What was there? Was there a moment when... You just... Oh my goodness, this... This is... This is going to be amazing. This is more amazing than I know. What really got you excited in some of those early years? It just changed my life. Just absolutely changed my life. And it changed the life of many people who were there. And it created circles in their lives. And there was not one person. But even today, people said that the friends they have now are dominated by the friends they met at that. It changed people's... acceptance of things outside of their circle and change their businesses and expanded their feelings that they touched other things. And I wasn't trying to do that. It just did that. I'm sorry about that. It just did that. I'm sorry about that. A lot of people... I... He was an idiot. Who were interested in events. And I think we'd love to tap into your wisdom about what it was that made it special. You were a very unusual and remarkable host. You sat on the stage while the speaker was speaking. You were unafraid to cut them off if they were getting boring. Like, your client, as it were, was the audience, not the speaker. Or maybe the client was just your own interest and that was a proxy for audience interest. What was... What was it that made this thing become so special? It was human. That's all. There was no lectern. So you couldn't read a speech. I curated it by asking... Not always done. Not every speech was wonderful. But the best were wonderful. And I asked people to say something they hadn't said before. And I wasn't interested in good speakers. I was interested in good conversations. I was interested in seeing things before other people saw them. I would interrupt some speakers if I didn't understand something. I was in that sense. I cared for the audience. I was their conscience. And I think it was joyful between the animal acts. I had animal acts because I was one of the animal acts. That sense, I was a pig and shit. I love being there. You were the ringmaster. I enjoyed it as much as I hope when you were there. And you said you started coming in 1998. But you know, I was having a good time there. It was not painful. I was... There was attention to detail. I tried to make the details of how the... You had your program in your badge. You just held up your badge and it was the program. You didn't have to carry anything. And then I gave away all those free things until it got... Wired magazine did a story and said, I invented the idea of swag. And I didn't even know I invented it. But we gave away, you know, huge amounts of stuff that people sent in. And nobody would sit on anything from the stage. So it wasn't commercial. I didn't have a political point of view. And I didn't have a financial point of view. I had just... Wasn't it fun to learn these things? And you know, when some of them, they were up there, maybe he's slightly boring, but something I was interested in. And then sometimes people... You were there, you were just... What was it like being there, Chris? Well, it was overwhelming for the first day. And I didn't get it actually for the first day. Like I was intrigued, but I didn't understand... Like most people, I was in my groove, focused on, you know, trying to make magazines. And tried to figure out why exactly am I listening to a designer talk about a chair or a architect or this. You know, it wasn't until day three that you started to realize that something that someone said connected in a really surprising way was something someone else had said. Absolutely. And you realized, you know, that all of the best ideas happened through a weird kind of serendipity of things bumping together from outside your normal frame of reference. That's how innovation happens. And Ricky, the human element, like you... So that, you know, Amy Mullins, you brought her on stage. And you did something that few people were there to do today, I think. Like she was... She had lost her legs. She had artificial legs that she had used as an athlete to win. And you invited... You had a trip. Nobody knew. But nobody knew that she had artificial legs. They were so good. So this is the showman... The showman... You take all your legs. The showman in you. There is a big showman in you. And it was like, you know, how could we really surprise people? I know. Let's ask someone. Let's ask a speaker to take off her legs. That doesn't happen every day to conference. And the thing is, she was completely cool with it. And so human and told her story of her own empowerment. Of how, you know, this technology and the help of the people and so forth, that she just felt strong and full of possibility. And I was, by that stage, in the back row of the auditorium, you know, weeping, like tears are on my street. So that was when I think I really knew that this was not just interesting and but truly special. Like it was moving. And I spoke with other people there. And they said things like this is the first week I carve out of my calendar every year. Well, that gets your attention. That's pretty special. Tell me about, tell me about, you had courage on stage. Do things that again, most people wouldn't do. And you insisted on a certain kind of vibe from speakers and audience. So there was the time famously when Nicholas Nicolponte came back, like in his first talk, he was wearing a sort of jacket and tie. And you weren't happy about that. What happened next? I mean, I'd said that the dress is casual and no ties suits, please. Because that has an effect. It's different. You're so I just got a scissors and cut off his tie. And the audience guessed and then it became a joke. So but we'll remember that because it was something. I'll tell you the speech that the audience came up with names. These are not mine. I didn't create these. The audience did somehow. They if somebody was there for the first time and they came out in conversation. People in the audience was say to them, oh, you're a Ted Virgin. They came up with those things. They came up with things a Ted moment when something happened, like cutting off a tie or if you remember, Sherwin Newland. I don't know if you were there for his. I was then. That was astonishing tool. That was one of the most moving things for me. Sherwin, I'll tell you a story of what curation is. Sherwin called me on the phone. I did not know him well. He had been to a conference and he trusted me for some reason. I think because I don't lie. He said he's always wanted to tell a story and he thought he would do it at Ted. Would be okay with me. I said, I don't even want to know what the story is. If you want to tell a story, that's for you to do. He says, well, it's okay. And he got up and he was well known then as a doctor. I mean, quite well. I was felt very humbled by getting him to come because he was quite famous in his field. And he came on stage and he started to talk regularly. And then I looked at him with the thing of, well, what's the story you're going to tell? And he nodded and I nodded. And then he told the story, which I then cried of. Cryed of it. One of the, of course, I cry a lot, but I cried heavily for his talk. And he talked about being clinically depressed and committed to treatment in hospital. And committed in, you know, maybe for the rest of his life. I mean, he was really bad. And he asked for a little shock therapy because he could as a doctor, which is for you at maximum three times. But it was not thought of well at that time. And then it got by the conference he gave this talk. It was a horror to think of that. But he asked for it to be given to him ten times. Three more than three times what the limit was. And it basically cured him. And he told the story, which was a shot his wife didn't know that story was his second wife didn't know it. He had never told the story before. Whoa. She found out on stage when he was on stage. First time that it was just astonishing. You must have worried that she would have not let him tell it. You can watch that that talk online now. And it is there's this incredible moment when he says he tells the history of lecture shock therapy and then says. I get it right because I haven't seen it. Yeah, no, you said it exactly right. He says and then you maybe ask why am I telling this? Well, it's for a specific reason. And when he revealed himself had been this was his treatment. Yeah, the shock in the room was unbelievable. And it's just a brilliant talk. Wow. So look, we should I'm going to in about less than 10 minutes. I want to give a compliment to you because I've been working on this and you've seen you just interviewed me. You you must me up here. I've been thinking about what you've done. And you know, when I did the last one, I was petulant and I missed it. And then over the years I saw you and I wouldn't do this. I would do this. And then I've been thinking lately what you have done. And different different style, but amazing what you have been able to do. And I looked online and I researched you and you've done you have 25 programs that go on 25 programs. And in a in a recent car response with you, I talked about and orchard and apple trees and I don't think you know what I was getting at. And I didn't quite either. But I read a book on Johnny Apple seed and it was somewhat nonsense because he did it was a person and he did carry seeds with him all the time that he got from cider, cider factories. They gave him the free seeds and he did take them around and he planted them. But you really can't get good apples from a seed. You can't plant a tree. So what's the relationship between you and I, Chris? I think I gave you a tree. But you as you do to grow American delicious, all the apples you can grow you grafted them and you have grafted a tree with 25 different apples. 25 branches and that's where the apples have come from. From these because apple seeds don't grow apple trees apples on apple trees. Little apples but not big apples and you have done it was amazing for a thing that almost didn't happen because of the fear of failure. The something that then filled up a year in advance. The something that was the first person who signed up came each time to selling it to my petulence to you doing things that I think you didn't want to do headaches in the beginning. And the rest to do it. Lara Lara Stein you had some great people June Cone with Ted Talks and Lara. And they convinced you to do it. I would have said no because I would have been Ted Light. I would have thought no you don't want to do that. And it's been one five spoken at a few Ted X's and they have been really interesting. And you and you did 13,000 of them. 13,000 Ted X's. So my hats off. You didn't even want to have this time. You're a kind of a policy. Thank you. That's very kind. We should probably tell people just a bit about how the transition happened because it was a very intense time. It was the year 2000. So I'd be coming to Ted for two years when I think word got out that you were thinking that it was maybe time to sell. You'd reach the grand old age of 65 or something like that. And of course companies like Zip Davis and Time Warner and so forth were in the hunt for this amazing media property. I had a small media company and I had become convinced that this thing was so special. And there was almost like a two-part thing to this. Like I came and saw you and your wife Gloria. And we spoke about dreams and values. And I think you had your fear was this thing you'd created would get eaten by some corporation and turn into a money-making thing or whatever it would lose its magic. You probably feared that a bit with me as well. The one thing I held onto was that I'm not a big company. Entrepreneurally driven company. At the time I was still working for the company I'd founded future and we had this magazine Business 2.0 and there seemed like there were connections with a lot of the internet people at Ted and that magazine. So I'll just say that you may have got more money elsewhere. I don't know but you sold it to me for I think it's public record. It was $6 million of cash and $6 million of stock. I think so there are thereabouts. And the $6 million of stock disappeared basically. Because my company blew up soon after that. I don't know whether you were able to exit any of that in time. I hope you were. I have to correct you because we have to get the stories straight online. It was a $14 million 12 million in cash and two million in stock and the stock bankrupted. The stock disappeared. Okay there you go. I put my rose tinted glasses on there hoping that we hadn't spend that much on it originally because I then bought it back from that same company when the company was blowing up and it was time for me to leave and I had all I had I hadn't had money. I had to foundation was a bit of money in it. That foundation bought Ted off the company for $6 million in cash. I now with the benefit of hindsight that seems like one of the best philanthropic investments ever made. From your point of view, you you must have doing that period. I think you felt angered about aspects of the sale. You almost had some form of sellers remorse or thoughtness led or whatever. We definitely went through a couple years where things were hard between us. We had difficult years and I will take half half of the blame for that. And I was petulant because all of a sudden I wasn't doing this every year and it was my life and I missed it. So three years passed for a non-compete and I invented a new conference called EG. Back in Monterey. It was not a moderate, it did it in LA. And it moved to Monterey later, right? I think maybe. It went back to Monterey but the first one was not Monterey because I was going to show everybody myself. I could do it not in Monterey and do it. And it was petulants. It turned out well and then I gave it away because I realized what a baby I was. And then it was difficult. It was difficult for you, difficult for me. Then I would say in the last, you didn't do it for about 20 years. I did it for about 20 years in the 40 years. Give her take a few years. You put together something remarkable. I think each of us put together something remarkable, different and yet really kissing cousins. And that's the tree and the branches of what you've done that I think is terrific. And I got this thing, animal acts. You haven't had any animal acts. You know, we ought to do something about that. Just, you know, 40th anniversary come up. If only for that. We've definitely had a lot of animals on screen, spectacular animals. And those are some of the best talks, honestly. I don't know if you were, were you there for when the bear came on stage? I wasn't there for the bear. They had a bear, yeah, amazing. On a bear that they walked down the aisle, two people with chains, walked down this big black bear down the aisle on the stage. And I was told by the animal trainer, you know, go up and kiss it because he thought I would, it turns out he thought I would be scared and not do it. And I went up and kissed him and he turned white and said, very quietly, back up very slowly, you could be dead. And I wasn't supposed to do that. And he could have just taken my belly out with a hand. And that's, that's happened. So, so you told me that story on stage in Montreux when we had you back. And you actually gave me my best, when things were still a bit awkward with us. And you gave me my best ever line on stage because I asked you, well, did anyone warn the bear? And people like that, I mean, in context it, it went out. You, you, you have this amazing courage and this amazing sense of showmanship. And I think has helped, you know, that the whole problem with interesting information is that it gets lost in the sea of just noise out there. And it needs all the help it can get in terms of drama, theatricality and so forth. And I, I think it is one of your, one of the pieces of your genius, Ricky, which we've tried to carry forward probably have not done in the way that you, you could. And we missed that. One thing that did happen though, which I'm, you know, this is just serendipity. I mean, technology came along that allowed Ted to be shared with the world. And that of course is what changed everything. We possibly, like if I'd own it privately, might never have done it. I might have been too frightened to do it. But because it was owned by a nonprofit, we decided we had to do it. Thank you, June Cohen. Thank you, Kelly Stetzel. And, you know, there was an amazing team around at that time who were brave. Jason Wushen, now the video, just played a role. But we went for it and everything changed. You know, Ted went viral and demand for the conference. To our surprise went up, not down. And most people in the community said, this is really cool. I can share it now with my family. Thank you. And it, you know, it took us on our journey. But I think one of the areas that was uncomfortable for some people in the community and for you was this feeling that what had been a dinner party, it had been created for the interests of everyone there had to some extent become an annoying sort of place of do goodery. And let's make the world a better place and all the rest of it. I mean, how much do you think there is a fundamental conflict there between what is interesting and what is useful for the public good? This is a question I find myself asking. It's a fine line between, I think it's particularly difficult right now where the do goodery thing and the watching what you say thing and all those things, I would have been tired and feathered for what I said and what I did when I ran Ted. Because it's not acceptable. I think it is difficult. Your job has become much more difficult and curating now. Possibly. Ricky, I've got a question from someone in the audience who sat there in the front row for many years of your curation and for many of mine, the wonderful Jimiang. He wants to know what was the most memorable moment of your dead experience. Give us one more. Well, Jim, since you sat in the front row, it was probably two or three times. Your neck was almost broken when I threw out hats into the audience and Jeff Bezos left from the fourth row across your head and almost broke the neck of everybody in the front row. And then we saw how ambitious he was was to get a hat and then he turned out okay. We have to assume he wasn't quite as financially successful then. That was meaningful. You remember those times when the people you've done for the hats? Yeah, no. Absolutely. But it was nice having you in the front row. It was unlike any other conference where the front row was the workplace you really wanted to be. Those were the price seats, not the back row where a lot of people sit when they go. So, people got married at Ted. And getting engaged or married. Do you remember? Yes, Chris Freelock. Freelock got engaged on stage, yes. Yeah, Chris Freelock is actually in the audience and so it's very cool that you remember that. So, my memory isn't gone anyway. I'm going to be 89 next month. I mean, that's amazing. There's a question here from Todd. How do you inspire lifelong learning and innovating in people who don't care to learn, not understand, not change, and the thing? I think what you can do is give people permission and if they want to take it, it should be they should be exposed as things that are interesting and available. But no, everybody doesn't have to be like me or you, Chris or anything, anybody else. There's no one doesn't have to learn. One doesn't have to do things. It's but should it be it should be available in a form that's honest and understandable and data by itself is not information and it's not accessible and it doesn't inform. So, I believe that I have a responsibility and others do to make to make things available. And that's why I invented the term information architects to see the systemic way, not just making things look good. There's a lot of charts, graphs and information that looks good. A lot of people who speak well and pretty and give good presentations, but you can't understand it. So, understand something you said you were going to get into later on in this and explaining. First, you have to explain something so you can understand something so you can take action. But that action goes back to having it clearly explained in the beginning. Yeah, so Manouche Zomadori who's the host of Ted Radio Hour now has a question that, you know, information has become much more nicheified. People want to know exactly what they're getting before they watch, listen, how can we get people to be more general and curious? That's why we have the word E for entertaining. You have to make it so it's not entertaining like some song. Not that entertaining and that it feels warm and interesting. You have a warm place when something is explained to you that you didn't understand it feels warm and you feel warm when you're entertained. Well, you have to make that available and then it's up to the person. It's not something that you need to be tested on. It's not a homogeneous audience out there. Everybody, it's not our duty to make an homogeneous audience. So the question in the audience from Dave, one of your iconic books is Information Anxiety. What do you see humans are anxious about? What should we be anxious or concerned about? Well, I've done two books called Information Anxiety and Information Anxiety 2 and might do a book called Three and they have a place. The first was just to show the difference between data and things that are in form you. There's a duty if you're going to have data to make it understandable to a 12-year-old. To make things you do understandable and it's your duty that if you don't understand and you're interested to ask a good question, a question that has a quest and a good question is better than a brilliant answer. That changed Information Anxiety 2 change because the internet changed our ability and the masses of how you of available data and so it became more of a crisis of how and cartography comes in here. How you find your way, how you map your way through information and that's why the underpinning of all of our data is cartography. Not necessarily a map of a city but the map of understanding and that's why Ezri and people who make cartographic things are so important because they show the pattern of understanding and it makes things available and reduces your anxiety because everything takes place someplace. Adrian Nibow would like to know how do you think Ted has changed our conceptual understanding of the lecture and lecturing. So can you talk about the convergence of storytelling and lecturing? Well I've seen the conference world change after Ted. Now I can't say it changed because of Ted but I have a belief that it did it was bumped along the way. Maybe somebody else would have done a Ted-like thing and bumped it away a year later. I don't know but I believe that Ted existed and had no right to exist not supported by an institution or a university or a company or anything else was an independent thing not based on our society and our businesses and society. That it has changed how companies put on gatherings, how other people put on gatherings, certainly changed Davos which had no entertainment or anything but I mean Davos is a conference made up of back rooms. I mean it's a whole city they've turned to all the hotels into back rooms so everything is a closet in there but they put a patina of entertainment but there's some genuine understanding and genuine mixed conferences that a lot of people put on today and some very good besides Ted there's the Nantucket project is one there's one that used to be put on from with a Tedster Tony Chan up in Boston. There's a number of conferences that I think were directly affected and given permission to happen because a schlepper from Philadelphia could put on a thing and it became okay that they can do it too. So I think that's that it's had an effect. Completely agree. I think one of the things we've really tried to hold on to is when talks become boring is when it's clear the speaker has an agenda to promote or this you know it's about here as a company here as an organization here is it something that I need to promote as opposed to I'm here with other human beings there is something really interesting to me in my mind something that has really lit me up and I want to share it and the fact that people can share it and others can feel that same thing and learn from it and that it can change their life 10 years later that is what is so beautiful Richard and you know when I came my the first job title I took at Ted was Ted Castodian and this is before I understood probably then sometimes in America that means you know yes bathroom cleaner but I still like the name and because what I was promising to do there was the values that that started with what matters what is interesting what lights people up what is inspiring what is human what is important and what can cross boundaries out of one sphere into another that seemed to me so special and I was determined not to let that go for anything and so for for despite the fact that we've occasionally disagreed I I have tried to stay true to that and I think overall Ted has still stayed true to that and one of the reasons it's special is because it is still a place where no matter what your start point is so long as you come in with curiosity and an open heart you will learn something that matters and that all that all came from you my friend that all came from you and you know thank you so much for that I'm going to ask this question from Captain McCartney I'm going to interrupt for one second you said something earlier that I sat on stage the whole time let me give you a hint of there's two reasons why I did that I was the only person that saw the audience so I remember I kept the house lights up so I could see the audience I watched the audience that was very important to me to sense the audience and two getting up and down off the stage is about four minutes two minutes up and two minutes down so I gave people four times fifty I gave two hundred minutes back to the audience for somebody just getting up and down off the stage to introduce the next person so it was given away to give the audience more for their money and I didn't have to get up and down because I was really fat then that's beautiful I I like that expression I've got good news that through technological advances we have figured out how to get up on stage again and back off in less than four minutes but okay but you know what I'm saying I know exactly what you're saying you're quite through McCartney who who was with me during the transition yeah yeah colleague so she wants to know what moment in your history would you wish you could repeat either to change the outcome or just to enjoy the moment again I can't say the things are coming instantly in my head right now because it wouldn't be good online well you what you could just say it and we could love you for it or you have that in it out I will tell you in the after-speak after we speak afterwards but I think that's a very good question and I think that question should be mold around and anybody is listening up as a few people listening mold around in your head how would you answer that question what if anything would you want to redo or repeat or change or do again and it's not singular things that come up because your mind at least my mind goes to different subjects different moments I'll ask this question a more specific question of that I don't know that this is what Katherine was aiming out but do you with all that you now know do you regret the decision to sell Ted to me I think if I look back on that I probably should have waited three or three years or so to get some of the ideas out of my system that may be petal and after I sold it but selling it and doing other things also because when I was doing Ted I was also doing guidebooks when I was doing Ted for eight years I was doing Ted Med so I got into medicine and maybe a couple years but not selling it no I think when you learn how to do something fairly well you shouldn't do it anymore for me I'm speaking for myself and I've done that with different things in my life painting sculpture different things I did some of them okay and then it's time to do something else so I knew there was a time to do something else but when it came up the reality of it quote me off-gore but I think absolutely I put it in the long if I can take the longer view of an old fart I gave it to the right person this verse sold it to the right person no doubt because I can't imagine another person doing anything near what you were doing or squeezing the life out of it so I think I sold it to the what turns out to be the best person well does the moving words obviously to me and I will say from my part that I can't imagine a different version of my life I mean I loved being an entrepreneur it was fun building a company I didn't find out who I wanted to be Ricky until I had a chance to pick up this amazing thing that you you created and and especially when we had a chance to start sharing it with with the world it suddenly felt gosh you know the the fact that we're in a time when ideas come spread beyond a theater two millions of people was such an extraordinary thing and you know as just learning to this day of people who gave a talk in that theater that you identified and by the way what a special magical theater that theater in Monterey was it just perfect turned out to be perfect well see let me tell you that wasn't by chance I had done three conferences in that theater before I did Ted and I learned the town and the theater so I didn't go there as an amateur just choosing that place that's why that place was important and when I did it in New York or did it in Toronto it wasn't as good it was magic so I I can't imagine a different version of it and I think there are probably many many millions of people around the world who if they only knew this story your story would want to right now take off the hat and not it you and say thank you Richardson women you've you made a difference to my life so Chris on behalf of so many people thank you thank you Christopher having me