 Shield! Till you're swollen Highly cognizant One of infinite skins Beyond the limit of a man and the limit of a mind Limit of a heart Limit of a body and the limit of the world Limit of the sky Over limit of the limit of the human Guide when I close my eyes I see no difference between you When are you meant for soon? Never soon? Never soon? Never sweetly And I've been for soon Never soon? Never soon? Never soon? Never soon? Never soon? Oh, wait, my God How could I be born with you in the wind? Me, no, no, go To the earth and forms Beyond the limit of a man and the limit of a mind Limit of a heart Limit of a body and the limit of the earth Limit of the sky Over limit of the limit of the human Guide when I close my eyes I see no difference between you When are you meant for soon? Never soon? Never sweetly And I've been for soon Never soon? Never soon? Never soon? Never soon? Never soon? I'll skip the course of the water To fill my face and bring it back to you I dug a little deeper To find the stone that it won't need to My love Everything goes back to dust I wish we could be statues Over they'll go to My love Time stops moving when we touch I wish we could be statues Over they'll go to My love I've painted one more picture To get the light just right on your face I'll be rolled every scripture To make sure you're remembered as a saint My love Everything goes back to dust I wish we could be statues Over they'll go to My love Time stops moving when we touch I wish we could be statues Over they'll go to My love My love I've painted one more picture To get the light just right on your face I'll be rolled every scripture To make sure you're remembered as a saint My love She needed Oh, love We were dancing upon a fallen tree Just to get No it better to be I remember I am Lying through my teeth Only September All fall leaves It's a record Only with the light Inside my heart is a fire It's burning like a thousand stars I'm running I'm burning I'm crashing I'm living I'm trying I'm lying I'm living For myself Even if nobody's watching me Even if nobody hears that single note Even if nobody's watching me All I'm singing For myself For myself For myself For myself For myself For myself For myself For myself Thank you so much Thank you