 The answer to your well-known in the tech community, your well-known in Southeast Asia, but for those who don't know you, you're the CEO and co-founder of Grab. Grab is essentially the combination of an Uber plus a door dash plus a PayPal all on the same platform. You are Malaysian born, your base didn't Singapore, you are a son, you're a husband, you're a father, you're a man of faith. Am I Malaysian anything? Well, first of all, I'm squirming, I grew up with Asian parents, so I'm not used to such kind words, but thank you so much for that. You're welcome. So Anthony, you've had this question a million times, but I think it's the right way to start. You go found out Grab, can you walk us through the initial idea that you had for the business 12 years ago? Historically, you would say at least in the Asian, which I grew up with, methodology was really, hey, let's build a business, get rich, when you're 50, 60s, then contribute back and build your own philanthropy of foundation. So why not that? Because it sounds intuitive, right? So make money out of your business and then take that money and do something good at some point. Why not choose that right? I think there could be a few scenarios when that happens. One is you get tempted and don't want to give back. Two is you actually cause negative externalities, right? You pollute you whatever, because if it's all you are inspired by is profit maximization, then unfortunately you cause a lot of harm. The argument is yes, you could then create a foundation to sort of solve that, but we're going to talk about, you know, when I came out, I was in early 30s and then that's going to be 30 years of damage, potentially, versus in our cases, literally building it from day one. In fact, when we came up with a business plan, it was a four profit social enterprise, a foxy or a double bottom line business. And we actually didn't even submit it for the business plan track. We actually submitted it for the social enterprise track. That was the intent. So Anthony, out of all the social problems that you could have solved, you focused on safety, safety for women and children in transportation and very specifically in Malaysia. Why is that? Safety was a very personal problem for us. My co-founder and I, Ling, she used to finish work late at night, her consulting hours at 11 p.m. for example. She would then have to jump in a taxi and pretend that she's on her call with her mom. Just so that a driver would know she's with somebody else. And if anything was to happen to her, she could call for help. That was how she had to go through life as a consultant when she finished late hours. So that's one personal. Second is we wanted to go for a problem that was even yourself and you lived in the States. You just crossed over Mexico City 12 years ago. You probably were worried to take a taxi, a random taxi as well. So it was sort of a global problem. Third, what we felt was when you could solve this safety problem, you actually unlock a lot of possibilities. So children could go to schools without being worried. Because it wasn't an affordability issue, it was a, there was a scan to take a taxi. Or women would be scared to take a taxi to work and then they would choose not to go to work and that leads to all kind of second-order effects. So we wanted to create an, or enable a group of people in society to whatever they can achieve and allow those options to take place. So now drivers have a lot more income. They then became susceptible to crime because they had a lot of cash because they were now earning a lot of money and they basically became a mobile ATM machine. And what we did then was we said, look, let's invent at that point of time grab pay, which would take out cash from the driver's hands and keep them safe. And it was literally in the driver wallet and it had ways of managing their safety. So actually I do get the transition from solving the safety and transportation to right-hailing. But then you went into payment, broader financial services and even a full-fledged bank. Why don't you walk us through that story? How you went through one to the other. Sure. So we said, take cash out of the system by creating grab pay. Now the benefit of that was safety for the drivers but also our customers could walk in and out even in a high cash society like Southeast Asia. Then we said our drivers and including our merchants actually needed more. They needed to financing to expand their businesses. And that's when we created grab lending so that they can move from not just being a driver but they started being able to borrow to own two or three bikes and then they could then rent those bikes out. Then we created the digital banks because we realized again for them their problem was if they were to save money in a traditional bank that would be they would save at least 30 days to earn the interest for that month. But we created was a digital bank that allows any of our gig workers to earn interest on a daily basis. So even if they can afford to save money for 10 days they would accrue interest for those 10 days. So it was very catered for a segment of people which are our drivers and our long tail merchants whether they sell Bobo I AMO chicken porridge at the sides of the street in Jakarta and that was a common threat was serving this segment. That's how we went across services. Got it. A second way you scaled the platform so this we talked about different services building on top of each other. You also went for a geographic scale. You're now present in eight different countries. For those who don't know Southeast Asia it's a very diverse place. Singapore is not Malaysia is not Philippines and the GDP per capita is not the same. The languages are different. That also was a conscious decision. Why did you choose to scale across countries in the region? Because you could have stuck to you know I'm solving the safety issue in Malaysia and I'm solving the other issues why don't I solve them in Malaysia and that's it. You deliberately wanted to have such a broad scope that covers I think if I'm not mistaken something like 650 million people across the eight countries. That's right. So first of all again focus on what was a problem that could be solved. That's one. Two we already had a solution. It was a proven solution that can scale across countries. Third was when we built this business as a double bottom line business model we knew that we needed scale and velocity by design. Scale and velocity allows for a few things. One when you have scale it allows for a lot of supply because customers don't want to wait two hours for a car they want it in five minutes. Scale allows that. Velocity allows for very high density of bookings or in say in our case for food business it allowed for batching. And batching is very important because one as a double bottom line business you can drive to lower costs in a lower margin business to serve the bottom line repairment sustainably. I remember initially for you you didn't approach you know random people who then can drive cars you approach the taxi drivers. That's a very important design choice. Yes. Can you talk us through why you made that choice? You're right the design choice we chose was to go with taxi drivers and then even go even lower than that to go to took talks to go to two wheels right to go to in Philippines it called Habahabah. Right. Really low cost ways of mobility versus if you look at what our other peers did in more developed countries they took black cars as their first wave of attack. Now two different design choices. Number one was we wanted to be a real mobility solution for the masses again why because it was the beginnings was always about how might we serve the bottom of the pyramid. So if we can serve a right for 20 cents we'll try and get that versus a $200 airport right. So that was a difference by design it was built to serve the bottom of the pyramid. Yet you had to be profitable yet you had to be sustainable. The second design choice then was we said how do we then scale very quickly and that's when we design ways of getting driver get driver design ways of building it. So in the early days it wasn't built on an iPhone. Our peers built in an iPhone we went for a 2.25 inch screen Samsung and that time Samsung was the earliest in Android and we bet on Android because it was the lowest cost smartphone at that point in time. And design choice so that we could serve the bottom of the pyramid and be sustainable at the same time. Did you ever think in hindsight that if I have done it differently it might have scaled faster than the time it took you to convince the taxi drivers? I think that's a fair question because the traditional sort of let's call it valley based startup way is look I step on toes I do whatever it takes just move. Also move as fast as you can right even if you break things is okay. We took a different approach again because we chose mobility as our first design choice we knew it was regulated in the region and because we chose taxis as our first vehicle type or mobility type we knew that was regulated so we knew we had to work with the regulators and yes we were running fast so maybe it's less of stepping on feet but more pulling you know them along we said let's co create this new vision of mobility together with governments and when we became part of their developmental agenda it actually supported us because they said maybe the argument the counterfactual could have been hey you could have moved so much faster in the beginning maybe but I would say I would have been jammed in because it's a highly regulated industry instead I may have moved slower in the beginning but in the long run we actually outpace and as you know we actually fought Uber head on for many years and we won. Anthony we talked about the double bottom line business and it makes a lot of sense. Now there is economic there is social but we're increasingly talking about the third bottom line which is environment. In your business model is there space for that third bottom line to take as much space as the second. Absolutely you are absolutely on point because we moved from a double bottom line to a triple bottom line. Again it was an altruistic of the upfront. It was because when we saw that climate conditions actually impact economic conditions of the business. When there is a flood in Manila or in Jakarta our drivers can't move and when they can't move there is no business. Our business is all about flow and if there is no throughput and we are not delivering food or not getting customs from A to B there is no business. Business don't earn their income it goes against our mission. So very well we had to protect the environment so that the economic conditions continue so that we can serve our mission of empowering everyday entrepreneurs. Now how do we do it? I think number one we first set a goal so by 2040 we are committed to net carbon neutral. Second we identify what is creating the most carbon that you might say is a proxy to deterioration of environment is our fleets because we are in the business of moving things or people. So the third was then how do we bring our fleets to reduce a big chunk of their carbon is by moving them into some form of electrification or zero mission. So some progress there number one is we have invested over 200 million US dollars in lower emission vehicles and electric vehicles. Two in Singapore for example something like 50% of all our deliveries are done zero emissions that means by walkers, by personal mobility devices that are electric powered. These are very efficient. Third is in Indonesia we actually have racked up the most number electric fight miles across all our mobility and deliveries across our two wheel mode of transport. But the honest truth is we are not there yet. We are very much a working progress so today we are working close to governments. I was just with Ananda potential partner about charging point operators and making sure that EV infrastructure working out our incentives on how to get the initial cost of investment because EVs may the total cost of ownership may be good but the initial investment tends to be higher. So how do we facilitate that with governments and then how do we continuously build our financial services so that we can help mitigate that high initial cost of investment. So all in all I would say we are still on this journey we haven't cracked the code but we have clear progress on it and we are going to hit our final goal. I mean it's completely fair this is I think a journey where many many of us are still trying to figure out and it's slightly different from the social question because it's by definition global and it's very hard to fight it only in certain corners. But we all have to do our part. Absolutely absolutely. Let me ask you a final question Anthony to end this if you have a message for entrepreneurs out there what would it be? Aman if you and entrepreneur I would say start a double bottom line or triple bottom line business and why is that? Number one is I really believe that there are real social problems out there. One of that social problems for example where we are really looking at is this rich and poor divide and if you look at say in Southeast Asia according to World Bank this rich poor divide is actually getting worse in each country in Southeast Asia especially and for us we are not calling they are calling to address this divide why because we saw that if the rich poor divide gets worse we can see massive social disruption take place. So for us we don't want to wait for that to happen in this part of the world we want to address that up front and the best way to address that up front is to say how can we uplift the bottom of the pyramid and help them rise and we felt that this calling is so deep and frankly as an entrepreneur you need to know that the hours you are going to be putting in is going to be so significant and the borders between your private life and your public life is completely going to merge so you better do something that you love that you are absolutely convicted on. In my case I felt that this was literally a calling from up above and when you feel that it's a calling from up above you have a competitive advantage because you are willing to put in hours that are many more than anybody else you are going to feel that you are going to be so proud even whether you succeed or you fail you can say to your children's children that I did this because the intent was to solve a real societal problem and that is something that I would really encourage all entrepreneurs to fight for their own calling. Anthony on that note of passion that I love thank you very much. Thank you.