 I was born and grew up in ivory coasts and like so many other African kids I used to resent my blackness including my hair. Alonged for straight hair that could be easily managed and brushed. After years of using air relaxer I went back to Nashville hair at 16 after an incident with my hair that forced me to shave and start over and it was a very hard new beginning. But at 18 why I was still in the process of learning how to love my natural hair I came across a photo album showing the air of African women in Prickle and Nile society and I was instantly inspired. Seeing that photo album was so powerful to me it made me see air completely differently, not just as a beauty tool but as a way to communicate and to tell stories about who we are. And immediately I started to experiment with my own air I wanted to see what I was able to create and today I'm a naris and ascooked is one of my media. I used my heart to advocate for what I believed in particularly for issues that affect women's and girls but it didn't start that way. At the beginning I was just doing beautiful shapes for the aesthetic aspects. I started with doing simple geometrical shapes just for the beauty of it and when I was posting those shapes online I was receiving so much love that it encouraged me to push my limit to create more complex sculpture. From 2017 when I first started until now I made Android of sculpture. Some can be playful, others can be very serious. So here I just a few examples of what I can do with my hair. Animals. Random things like a number lower. Portraits. Texts like here where I write process with my hair because I usually my hair is perfect. Cotton, sunflowers, fashion accessories, wings, even Zodiac inspired asty because my raising sign is Scorpio. I'm another Scholarger Fricks. Medusa and even Buddyparts. The process to make those sculptures is actually pretty simple. The idea comes to my head, I do a little sketch and then I just cut using my natural hair, some air extension and wire. I just wrap the bread around the wire and then it's very easy for me to shape as I want. And in general to make the sculpture being able to stand on top of my head, the base needs to be extremely tight. So if you're wondering, is it artful? Yes. Yes it is. But this is why in general I quickly under it after the photo shoot. Most of the time I will take the picture by myself but when I need help, my little sister from the most supportive person of the planet would help me. And depending on what I want to create, the sculpture can take me from five minutes to more than three, four, five hours. When I started to create, I was just doing as I said before for the beauty of it, no meanings. But it's changed in 2018 when one of my photo series went completely viral. It was this one. I shaped my hair as a second pair of hands, very playful in various configuration and I started to receive a lot of message from black women around the world telling me that seeing my heart helped them to fit better about their hair, about their blackness. And I realized, actually what I'm doing is pretty powerful. So maybe it can just serve a greater purpose and I can use it to advocate for change. So I decided to use my hair as a platform to advocate for the equity of sexes. Why this specific subject we may ask because I was born in a group in an environment that normalized the bad treatment of women. I have my experience, many women have the experience so it touched me a lot. And when it comes to a quality of sexes, I touch a lot of different subjects. Unfortunately I can share all of them with you. I can just give you today a glimpse of it. But your autonomy and social love is very important for me. I want myself into a long process of towards self-love coming from a place where I used to dislike everything about myself. So a place where I just love everything. So I love to inspire myself. So I love to inspire myself from our female bodies to create sculpture and shapes that are associated with uplifting worlds to empower those we need it. And with the sculpture what I want to do is encourage women to have agency over the body but also to distinguish all the classic taboo around our bodies like for example periods, aging, disabilities and much more. This sculpture for example was to address the big taboo of body air on women. When I was 15, I posted a photograph on me on social media without realizing that my ampete was visible and immediately the comment were wild. This is disgusting. Go shave. Ew, I can buy you a razor if you want. I was traumatized. So I deleted the picture and after that I started to shave way more regularly. Even if for me it's a very uncomfortable routine. It took me years to be able to love my body the way it is and to embrace everything including my body here. Besides all the topics related to bodies, I love to also address topics related to all and select as women because this word not only encourage women to dislike the body but also encourage women to dislike what they have inside. And I think just as we're supposed to love our bodies, we're supposed to also own our hopes, dreams or ideas or opinions without shame. And for that I think education is extremely important. This is why I did this sculpture. Unfortunately, in I recall many women still can't read. When I was a child, many women were working at our own as lannies. They weren't educated. They would ask me to read the text messages because they couldn't. In rural ivory course, many parents think that is useless to put a girl in school because they're better at home learning how to cook, how to take care of their future husband. But when it comes to their son, they are allowed to have an education. So most of the time, those women would end up marrying older men and when those men abandoned them, they are left with nothing with very few career options because they're not educated. And to me, this is revolting. Growing up in an environment where I wasn't always encouraged to love why was, my journey has been about becoming my own friend and advocate. And when I embraced the capacity I have to share my stories and the one of others, I found the strength to advocate for what I believe in through my hair. Thank you. Thank you.