 It's time now for our last call and let's talk about brotherly love. Two married brothers are on a quest to help their single brother find love. The pursuit is called the Find Chris Love campaign with a goal to find Chris True Love in 30 days or less. They decided to go big or go home. Basically their strategy renting a billboard on the highway and signing them up for a dating app. They even created a website so that others looking for find True Love could reach out to Chris. There are just nine days left to make this campaign successful. The clock is ticking here for Chris. Let's discuss this with the panel, Mike, Kaiman and John. You guys are going to have some hot takes on this. I mean, John, Chris's brothers claim he had actually no idea about this campaign. What do you think about what they're doing? Well, I mean, right, but oh, Mickey Gilly song looking for love in all the wrong places. I mean, God bless his brothers for trying to help me out with my lord. Putting your face on a billboard because you can't find the one you love. I'm not sure that's going to work out. God bless. We hope it works out. It's kind of like a return to, you know, away from the online world. Go to the paper cardboard. I don't know. Whatever that is. But, you know, Mike, we actually, this is actually interesting. The pre-shoot is telling me this one. People have rented billboards to congratulate their loved ones, promote themselves, apparently find love for assembling before. In 2019, Tyler Perry even asked actresses to stop buying billboards asking him to cast them in his projects. He said this is actually not the way to get his attention. What do you think? I don't know. Is this taken too far? I think for as long as a person is doing it for themselves, I think that's one thing. I think when you're siblings and engaged without your permission, I think that's another, but I think that's your brother at its finest. And I wish this guy well and find a fine love. Only nine days left. Kevin, last call over to you. Oh, I agree. I mean, I would take it. I'm over here paying $9.99 a month on Bumble or whatever it is. So I got to text my brother that he's slacking after this show, I think. I mean, where's my billboard? The pressure is on the brother, but yeah, I don't know. I mean, unclear if this is the way to get people's attention. Like, you're pretty limited to certain, like, people who are driving that route. Where is tension? Exactly. Exactly. Like, is that who you really, I'm, but maybe it'll work out for him. I don't know. Let's wish, let's wish Chris the best on this one. Who is in cheering for true love, right guys? That's right. Let's come on. Anyways, guys, I know we're all, I've run in the search for true love, but that's the last call for this night. Mike, Kivaon, John, guys always appreciate you. Thanks for hanging out with me on the Friday night.