 The only surviving son of convicted murderer, Alec Murdoch, is filing a massive defamation lawsuit. Buster Murdoch says several media companies that made documentaries and stories about the Murdoch family are wrongfully linking him to the death of a teen back in 2015. You'll remember Alec Murdoch was convicted last year in the murders of his wife and his other son, Paul. So to talk about all of this, we want to be joined by now Phil Lipoff, who joins me along with ABC Legal Contributor Brian Buckmeyer. Welcome into you both Phil. Break down what Murdoch is alleging in this lawsuit for us. All right. So Jay, as you pointed out, we've covered the Murdoch murders extensively. Alec Murdoch convicted of killing his wife and other son. But case that got far less media attention was the 2015 hit and run of Stephen Smith, a classmate of busters. He was found dead on a road not far from the family's home. And autopsy determined he was hit and killed by a car. That murder is still unsolved. Now after busters' father was arrested in charge with his wife and son's murders, investigators began looking into Smith's death again. No connection in this important, this is important. No connection has been made from that death to the Murdoch's, okay? But still, buster claims in this massive lawsuit that several media outlets and productions insinuated that he was responsible for Smith's death in two series, one on Netflix, one that aired on HBO Max. And in articles, he is suing Netflix Warner Brothers, Connect Company, and the editor of the Hampton County Guardian. The suit is seeking unspecified damages. Claiming busters' reputation was irredeemably damaged by the allegations in one to two of these series, they portrayed someone with red hair and he is saying that's obviously you're saying that was me. Brian, if you sued me and please don't because you're a darn good lawyer, but if you did, I could still request discovery of you, which means I could ask for documents you have, and I could depose you, you could depose me. So with all that could come out in a case like this, in your view, is this a good idea for buster Murdoch to do? Well, open it this way, Jay. If you were my client and we were suing Phil Lipop, because that's an easier example, I would say, hey, this is going to open a Pandora's box of problems to your point. You've got to sit for debt positions, you've got to answer some questions. And right now, I don't know to the extent that these films are hurting buster Murdoch's life. I would say this probably isn't hurting your bottom line. You probably still the ability to be employed. You're not going to be incarcerated anytime soon. This is just going to kind of add more fuel to the fire where these murmurs might have kind of gone by the wayside. So having this lawsuit opens a Pandora's box, both to answering questions and also keeping this story in the news. Phil Lipop and Brian Buckmacher, Buckmire, thank you to you both. The media companies named in this suit have yet to respond to requests for comment from ABC News.