 Meanwhile, new data shows the American job market slowing down. US employers added 206,000 jobs in June, slightly higher than analyst expectations. Meanwhile, the unemployment rate rose to 4.1%. Let's bring an ABC's list of a shelves in Washington for more on that. Elizabeth, break down these numbers. What do they tell you about the state of the economy right now? Right, Diane. So 206,000 jobs that was, as you say, a little bit above expectations. But it does show that employers are gradually slowing down from what has been a very fast pace of hiring. We've seen month by month, they haven't been adding as many workers to their payrolls. And we also saw in the months before, May was revised lower. So that means while we thought there had been kind of blockbuster job growth, it was a little bit less than expected. One thing that's really important to look at in this report, Diane, is that unemployment rate, 4.1%, that has been creeping higher every month. It's now at the highest level since November 2021. And what that tells you is that this is a jobs market that is getting more competitive. Employers are starting to get a little bit pickier, a little bit more selective about who they're hiring. We're seeing this gradual slowdown, though, still an historically pretty strong number when you're looking at the big picture of the unemployment rate. So Elizabeth, what sticks out to you from this report? What does it mean for a potential rate hike, which is always the big question every time we get an economic report? And of course, this takes for the election. Yes, always talking about the impacts on the Fed. And this, really right now, we're in a world where every economic report is critical for the Fed's calculation of when it's finally going to lower those high borrowing costs. This report does seem to confirm this gradual cooling in the jobs market, which is what the Federal Reserve wants to see. The reason for that is that that would also mean that wage growth is kind of tempered, which means inflation is also cooling. The Fed doesn't want to see a recession. It doesn't want to see a big increase in the unemployment rate, but it wants to see that this overall kind of hot jobs market, higher inflation has been cooling enough that can lower those borrowing costs. And of course, that means big impacts on people's everyday lives when you're talking about borrowers, lower credit card payments when you're trying to pay off credit card debt, possibly lower rates for a car or a home loan for a mortgage. So this report, one of the key pieces in that picture for the Fed, we're also going to get inflation next week, which is critical. When you think about the political implications of this, Diane, we know that the president, president Biden, continues to try to run on his record on the economy, but a lot of this has not been getting through to folks when you talk about if they're feeling it. This is still a strong jobs market, but there are some signs that there are a little bit of cracks in the market. We'll have to see how the president addresses that if he does it all, Diane. ABC's Liz Bischelze and Washington, thank you.