 At least eight people are under arrest after mass anti-government protests took over the streets in Jerusalem. Demonstrators, they're clashed with police outside Prime Minister Netanyahu's home last night. They've been calling for elections as they pressure Netanyahu to make a hostage deal with Hamas and end the war in Gaza. Foreign correspondent Tom Sufi Burj has the latest from Jerusalem. Give one extra minute, yet Netanyahu's official residence is just over there. You can see the barricades here. A lot of these roads are blocked off. A lot of police adjudicpect in this area. And we were right here late last night protesters clashing with police using water cannon to try and disperse the crowd. There were clashes. Some of the crowd set fires on the street. Israeli police calling those incidents very, very serious. And those protesters calling for elections. They want Netanyahu to make a hostage deal with Hamas and end the war in Gaza. In Gaza, the IDF saying it's pausing military activity along a key highway running from a crossing in the south about 10 miles north so that more aid can be taken by aid agencies to those areas in Gaza where there is a desperate need. Israel pressing on, though, with its offensive in Raffa, that controversial offensive which President Biden opposed. But the IDF saying that operation could be over in weeks. And in that southern Gaza city, relatives mourning victims in Raffa in a hospital. We're hearing from that hospital that about eight people were killed. And in Israeli strike Monday, there are reports that security guards guarding a trucks were caught up in that strike. As President Biden's envoy arrives in Beirut, amid concerns a tax between Israel and Iran backed Hezbollah. On the northern border, Israel's northern border and into southern Lebanon, that situation could be on the brink of a wider war officials warning us. And Stephanie, another protest here in Jerusalem expected tonight. Stephanie. Thanks so much, Tom. Coming up, pardoning.