 criminals appear to have a hot new target. Legos. Police in Southern California have made several recent major busts recovering thousands of stolen Legos sets. Authorities say it could be more lucrative for criminals to steal Lego merchandise on a continual basis than it is to break into a jewelry store. ABC's cana Whitworth has the latest. A look inside the lucrative theft ring surrounding Lego. In Southern California, Brazen break ins caught on camera at two hobby shops. He just knows exactly where to go and what to grab. That's the easiest, the quickest and the most valuable to us. High demand. High value. The Los Angeles Police Department investigating this Lego theft ring for seven months, uncovering an organized operation, a house full of high priced and collectors items Lego still in the box and ready for resale online in this long be told detectives recovering more than 2800 boxes of Lego toys ranging in value from $20 to more than $1,000 each. Two people arrested. They have like a collectors vibe associated with them and the California Highway Patrol organized retail crime task force also arresting four suspects after recovering more than $200,000 in Lego merchandise stolen from various retailers across Southern California. It was definitely a surprise to find that many labels. I think it was over 3,000 Lego boxes. I think that we found. And in Davis, California, these images from police, more than $80,000 in merchandise, mostly Lego sets recovered in May that led to two more arrests. If you find them in second hand stores or if you find them being sold on the street, you might want to think twice before purchasing them. And it's really good advice because Stephanie authorities say that while they were investigating the thefts, they saw several potential buyers show up at the resonance in question looking to buy those stolen Lego sets, Stephanie. My question is, was anybody making the sets? Was anybody working on a set? Interesting. Los Lego sets are pretty pricey, so it makes sense. Kena, thank you.