 Willie Mays, the Say Hey kid, was one of baseball's greatest, both on the field and off it. Born in Alabama, he started playing pro ball in the Negro leagues while still in high school. I had to stay in school, so I played sad and Sunday when school was in. When school was out, I would go on the road with them. At 20, he was playing for the New York Giants, where he'd win rookie of the year, his first hit, a home run. He would hit 660 of them in his career, ranking 6th on the all-time list. In 1952, he was drafted into the Korean War, serving two years. And when he returned, he would thrill fans with an MVP season, cap with this moment known as the catch. His back-to-home plate, Mays, making one of the most memorable plays of all time. The Giants would win the World Series. Every time I went on the field, I enjoyed what I was doing. I gave everything I had. They eventually moved to San Francisco, but years later, Mays returned to New York, finishing his career with the Mets. He was a 24-time all-star. It's difficult right now to even try to explain to you how much I love baseball, and how much baseball means to me. I think we had what you call a love affair. Inducted into the Hall of Fame in 1979, and decades later honored by President Obama with the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the intensely private Mays credited with breaking barriers. And his quiet example, while excelling on one of America's biggest stages, helped carry forward the banner of civil rights. It's because of Giants like Willie that someone like me could even think about running for president. But Mays did not live to see another historic tribute. As part of Juneteenth celebrations, he set to be honored tomorrow at the stadium where he began his career. Rick Woodfield in Birmingham, Alabama, where the Giants will play the cardinals in the first major league game to be played in that stadium. Overnight, the Giants chairman saying Mays had a profound influence, not only on the game of baseball, but on the fabric of America. Willie Mays was 93. He once said he'd like to be remembered as someone who enjoyed people and made a positive influence.