 I wanted to show you something that these two have not seen before tonight, nor have Donna Brazil, Ryan's previous and the rest of the team. This is the kind of material, though. We know that both campaigns study, they want to get their hands on, they want to know what the voters want to see tonight, what they need to hear in order to change their minds about the candidates, and we sent our team out to the key battlegrounds, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, Georgia, these double haters that Lindsay was talking about. American voters out there who say, you know, I'm not so really either one of these guys and how is this our choice? So we asked them a very simple question, going into tonight's debate, what do you want to hear, what do you need to hear? And I want to get all of your reaction on the backside. Let's listen. I would like to hear strength, someone that's strong, powerful, honesty, backbone of America. I'm looking for a strong economy. My husband owns a business, self-employed people, are really struggling in this economy to make sure their customers are taken care of, even if they're doing okay business-wise. So it's the middle-class person that's struggling. I would need to hear from the candidates that they really understand what the average person is going through. The rampant inflation that we're in right now is critical. I mean, it's eaten us alive. Tonight, you know, we just want to hear from the candidates and see what they're going to do to boost the economy, put money back into Americans pockets, and stabilize those interest rates. You're in scrant like the price of gas and with inflation, like filling up my car every week and spending so much money on gas is something that takes up my whole paycheck. I feel like I just need to hear something that like gives me hope for the future in general. I feel like sometimes it's tough to listen to either side. I just don't want false promises. You know what I mean? Like if you guys are saying that you're going to do something, actually, follow through with it. I'm not looking to have anybody that wants to be in America not be here, but I think that everybody needs to be properly vetted and pull their weight once they get here. Well, I think this election is critical to the country. I really do think that our democracy, as we know it, is at stake. I'm just not very excited about the choices that we have for President. You know, we've got two old white guys running against one another. Both of them could just about be my grandfather. The most important issue for me is the environment and climate change. I have never felt worse about the options for presidential candidates this year. I really feel like it's not a valid choice. I mean, I'm at a point where I just can't really have a decision because of what my choices are. You know, I'm going to vote, but I'm just not comfortable with who I'm voting for. We have two people who have been there before, and you know, some people feeling one way or the other, especially here in Pennsylvania. So the debate is going to do a lot for them to, I think, lean one way or another.