 All right, new details out today about the first presidential debate scheduled exactly one week from today Debate host CNN has announced by virtue of a coin toss former president Trump will get the last word in that debate His closing statement will come last ABC News remember is hosting the only other scheduled president debate that is set for September all of this while a new Fox News poll out today shows president Biden slightly pulling ahead of Trump 58 to 48 percent you see it there on your screen in a two-way race That's a three-point bump for Biden since Fox conducted the same poll last month This is also Fox's first presidential election poll since Trump's hush money conviction in New York last month So to break all of this down we turn to ABC News City congressional correspondent Rachel Scott It also covers the campaign trail force and also happens to be a good friend of mine Thank you for joining me here in the studio Rachel this poll is close. It's within the margin of error But it shows progress for president Biden How does the Trump campaign sit with that and also how can the debates affect this and how's everyone preparing for that? Well this poll is critical because it's coming just one week out from the first presidential debate Believe it or not how do we get here? We're just one week away And I think it's really interesting looking into this poll as the candidates are starting to prepare right? So we know that president Biden on one hand is going to be spending a lot of time at camp David He's going to be huddled with his chief of staff Ron Claim going over those debate preps for president Donald Trump Very different approach here. He sort of bounces ideas off an array of different people That includes a lot of the people that are on his short list to be a possible running mate So you got Senator JD Bantz and the mixture also have Senator Marco Rubio in there as well One thing both of these campaigns are going to have to contend with this is going to look and feel a whole lot different Right? No studio audience You're going to have those muted microphones again Inside of this debate and so that's something that's going to be drastically different from what we saw the last time around with They were sort of talking over each other and whatnot one thing that both campaigns I think acknowledge this is the point where the American people really start to sort of tune in right? We're less than six months out from the election So this debate coming out of critical time a critical juncture and a chance to really make their pitch to the American people But it's also so early You know you never see a presidential debate this early Could the impact of this debate in your view maybe boil off over the course of the summer And then of course the ABC debate is in September But this isn't something that comes in October let's say and the election is then in November Yeah, exactly which was going to make our debate even more critical right? Yeah, that's when voters are really going to be paying attention You're right. We have a long runway until we get to election day And so for a lot of voters you got to have this fatigue right the Republican primary ended so quickly now we're in this general Election rematch essentially where you have a lot of people that are not happy with either candidate again Which is why it's going to be critical for those who are on the fence to see what those candidates have to say Speaking of those that are on the fence in that fox poll Independence was a number that jumped out at me. Yeah, Biden is now beating Trump According to that fox poll nine points. I think by independence That's an 11 point shift because Trump was beating it by two points the last time they did this poll in the spring point being What are the campaigns doing to try to reach out to independence? And we've had our eye certainly on independence because we know when these critical Battleground states they can really swing the election either way and what was interesting as I looked through the cross tabs of that poll When they asked what matters most independent voters they said integrity and leadership. Oh, that's interesting So when you have president Biden ahead on those two issues for independence That really shows you where they're putting their weight and how they're making their decisions Also, interesting in that poll you had more Republicans say this election is about the issues You have more Democrats and independence saying that this election is about character right and so how do those two things come off Not only on the debate stage, but also now which is months going to the election and the possibility of a threat to democracy was high in that poll too Which is not something that I think a lot of people expect exactly and you're going to expect president Biden to put that issue Front and center on that debate stage. I am sure of that. There's one more thing So they're a Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Third party candidate he fails to qualify for that CNN debate next week ABC has learned How could he change the debate by being on that debate stage and frankly the lack of his presence How does that also change the dynamic you know, Jay you know this we're up on Capitol Hill There is not a lot that Democrats and Republicans agree on I think they share a lot of mutual concern here that he could impact Both of their chances at taking the White House exactly But not only that in the long term if he stays in this race. How does that impact Possibly independence voting for president Biden over former president Donald Trump in vice versa It's even something that former president Donald Trump has acknowledged himself He said he believes that him even just running might hurt the both of them Rachel you and I could do this for an hour Thank you so much. Thank you so much for being in here Rachel Scott. Thank you very much