 I mean, on a more practical level, Washington Post just reported in the last hour that Senator Mark Warner is assembling a group of senators together to try to convince you to stand down because they don't think you can win. Well, Mark is a good man. We've never had that. He also tried to get the nomination too. Mark's not. Mark and I have a different perspective. I respect him. And if Chuck Schumer and Hakeem Jeffries and Nancy Pelosi come down and say, we're worried that if you stay in the race, we're going to lose the House in the Senate. How will you respond? I'm going to detail with them. I've speaking to all of them in detail, including Jim Clyburn. Everyone of them. They all said I should stay in the race. Stay in the race. No one said none of the people said that. I should leave. But if they do, well, it's like, we're not going to do that. You sure? Yeah, I'm sure. Look, I mean, if the Lord Almighty came and I said, Joe, get out of the race, I got out of the race. The Lord Almighty is not coming down. I mean, these hypotheticals, George, if, I mean, if all, it's not that hypothetical anymore. I grant that they have not requested the meeting. But it's been revealed. I've never met with them. I've never met with a lot of these people. I've talked with them right to me. I had an hour conversation with Hakeem. I had more time to have a Jim Clyburn. I spent time with many hours off and on the last little bit with Chuck Schumer. It's not like I had all the governors, all the governors. I agree that the Lord Almighty is not going to come down. But if you are told reliably from your allies, from your friends and supporters in the Democratic Party and the House and the Senate that they're concerned, you're going to lose the House and the Senate if you stay in, what will you do? I'm not going to mention that question. It's not going to happen. What's your plan to turn the campaign around? So today, how many, how many people do you draw crowds like Andrew and I? You find many more enthusiastic than today? I mean, I don't think you want to play the crowd game. Donald Trump can draw big crowds. There's no question about that. You can draw big crowds, but what's he say? Who's he have? I'm the guy who's supposed to be in trouble. We raised $38 million within four days after this, over a million individual contributors. Individual contributors. But less than 200 bucks. I've not seen what you're proposing. You haven't seen the fall off in the polls. You haven't seen the reports of discontent in the Democratic Party House Democrats, Senate Democrats. I've seen it from the press. I've heard from dozens of your supporters over the last few days and there are a variety of views. I grant you that. But the prevailing sentiment is this. They love you. They will be forever grateful to you for defeating Donald Trump in 2020. They think you've done a great job as president. A lot of success is you outlined. But they are worried about you and the country. And they don't think you can win. They want you to go with grace and they will cheer you if you do. What do you say to them? I say the vast majority are not where that folks are. I don't doubt there are some folks there. Have you ever seen a group at a time when elected officials running for office aren't a little worried? Have you ever seen that? I'm not. Same thing happened in 2020. But I don't know man. What you're going to do. I may bring me down. Mr. President, I've never seen a president 36% approval get reelected. I don't believe that's my approval. That's not what our polls show. And if you stay in and Trump is elected and everything you're warning about comes to pass, how will you feel in January? I feel as long as I gave it my all and I did the goodest jobs I know I can do. That's what this is about. Look George, take it to this one. You've heard me say this before. I think the United States and the world is an inflection point. When the things that happen the next several years are going to determine the next six, seven decades in a quake. And who's going to be able to hold NATO together like me? Who's going to be able to be in a position where I'm able to keep the Pacific Basin in a position where we're at least check-bending China now? Who's going to do that? Who has that reach? Who knows all this? I guess a good way to judge me is you're going to have now the NATO conference here in the United States next week. Come listen. See what they say.