 But what has all that work over the last three and a half years cost you physically, mentally, emotionally? Well, I just think it cost me a really bad night, bad run. But, you know, I... George, I'm optimistic about this country. I don't think we're country losers that he ports out. I don't think America's in tough shape. America's not a cost of breaking through in so many incredible opportunities. In this next turn, I'm going to make sure we have a straight-knight attack system. I'm going to make sure we're in a situation where we have health care for all people. We're in a position where we have child care and elder care. Free up, and all these things, one thing I'm proud of stuff is remember when my economic plan was put forward. A lot of the mainstream economists said it's not going to work. Well, guess what? And now have 16 Nobel laureates, 16 of them, the economics. Saying that Biden's next term would be based on what he wants to do, the normal success. Trump's plan would cause a recession, which would include increased inflation. I've made great progress, and that's what I plan on doing. And we can do this. I understand that, and I'm not disputing that what I'm asking you is about your personal situation. Do you dispute that there have been more lapses, especially in the last several months? Can I run the 100 and 10 flat? No. But I'm still in good shape. Are you more frail? No. I know you spoke with my schedule. I know you spoke with your doctor after the debate. What did he say? He said, he just looked at me. He said you were exhausted. I have medical doctors, every present to us. Medical doctors, some of the best in the world, travel me everywhere I go. I have an ongoing assessment of what I'm doing. They don't hesitate to tell me if they think there's something wrong. I know you said you have an ongoing assessment. Have you had a full neurological and cognitive evaluation? I've had a full neurological test every day with me. I've had a full physical. I've been involved in reading from my physicals. I know your doctor said he consulted with an neurologist. I guess I'm asking you a slightly different question. Have you had the specific cognitive tests and have you had a neurologist, a specialist, do an examination? No, no one said I had to. No one said they said I'm good. Would you be willing to undergo an independent medical evaluation that included neurological and cognitive tests and release the results to the American people? Look, I have a cognitive test every single day. Every day I have a test. Everything I do. Not only am I a campaigner, but I'm running the world. That sounds like I'm probably. But where are the insumations in the world? I don't know if I was right. Every single day, for example, the day before I come out here, I'm on the phone with a prime minister of... I don't know, I shouldn't get into detail, but with NetNial, I'm on the phone with a new prime minister of England. I'm working on what we're doing with regard to... in Europe, with regard to expansion and NATO and what it's going to stick. I'm taking on Putin. I mean, every day, there's no day I go through. There are not those decisions I have to make every single day. I have been doing that in the American people who have been watching yet their concerns about your age and your health are growing. So that's why I'm asking to reassure them, would you be willing to have the independent medical evaluation? Watch me between... there's a lot of time left in this campaign. It's over 125 days. So the answer... The right answer right now is no. You don't want to do that, right? No, I've already done that. You talked a lot about your successes in the beginning of this interview. And I don't want to dispute that. I don't want to debate that. But as you know, elections are about the future, not the past. They're about tomorrow, not yesterday. And the question on so many people's minds right now is, can you serve effectively for the next four years? George, I'm the guy that put NATO together, the future. No one thought I could expand it. I'm the guy that should put it down. No one thought could happen. I'm the guy that put together a South Pacific initiative with Aukas. I'm the guy that got 50 nations, not only in Europe, outside of Europe as well, to help you create. I'm the guy that got Japanese to expand their budget. So I mean, these... for example, when I decided we used to have 40% of the computer chip, and we invented the chip, a little chip for the computer chip. It's in everything from cell phone to weapons. And so we used to have 40% of it, we're down to virtually nothing. So I get in the plane against the advice of everybody, and I fly to South Korea. I convinced them to invest in the United States billions of dollars. Now we have tens of billions of dollars being invested in the United States, making us back in a position we're going to own that industry again. We have... I mean... I guess... anyway. I don't want to take too much credit. I have a great staff. But all the... I guess my point is all that takes a toll. Do you have the mental and physical capacity to do it for another four years? I'm pleased I wouldn't be around if I didn't think I would be in. Look... I'm running again because I think I understand best what has to be done. To take this nation to a completely new level. We're on our way. We're on our way. The decision recently made by Supreme Court on immunity. You know, the next president of the United States is not just about whether he or she knows that they're going. It's not about conglomerate of people making decisions. It's about the character of the president. The character of the president is going to determine whether or not this constitution is employed the right way.