 His president Biden is urging Democrats to come together in a lengthy letter to Democrats. The president says it's time for the party to come together so they can have the best chance at beating Trump. He's also doubling down on his commitment to stay in the race. Senior reporter Katherine Falzer joins me now from Capitol Hill for more. A cap and what stands out to you from this letter? I think you nailed it, Diana. It's his commitment to staying in this race. He is very emphatic that he is not going anywhere, that he will be the one to defeat Donald Trump. Come November, I just want to read you a portion of the first part of the letter, Biden, right? I am firmly committed to staying in this race to running this race to the end and beating Donald Trump. He also writes towards the end of this lengthy letter that the question of how to move forward has been well aired for over a week now. It's time for it to end. This is a letter that he penned. The president just moments ago to Democrats here on Capitol Hill who have been coming out saying some of them that they believe Biden should step aside. Now, of course, it remains to be seen whether this letter will have any effect, but it's notable that Biden is sending this letter to congressional Democrats before they all return to Capitol Hill later this afternoon. And Katherine, as they return to Capitol Hill, more and more are calling for the president to step aside. Democratic senators are also set to meet tomorrow. So what are you watching for, as lawmakers come back to the Hill today? Look, I'm watching to see whether this letter from the president has any effect, whether it changes any of the sentiments from these Democrats who have already said publicly that they want President Biden to step aside. It's interesting because the spokesperson for the Biden campaign, an advisor for the Biden campaign, said that they realize that they believe more Democrats will come out asking Biden to step aside. So the timing of this is pretty interesting from the White House. So the question becomes, does this have any effect? We know, as you mentioned, that Senate Democrats will meet tomorrow. This is a regularly scheduled caucus meeting that they have with their caucus. This topic will surely come up. We'll see what they have to say after, Diane. We will. Senior reporter Katherine Falters, thank you.