 And today President Biden has set to meet with NATO Secretary General Jen Stoltenberg. Their meeting comes after President Biden touted new commitments to support Ukraine at the G7 summit. ABC's J.R. Brian joins me now from Capitol Hill, along with ABC News White House correspondent Karen Travers for more. Karen, how critical is this meeting? And what can we expect the President to be focusing on here with the NATO Secretary General? Diane, Ukraine will again be a big focus for President Biden. Coming off of that G7 summit that he traveled to Italy last week, where the President signed that agreement with President Zelensky, a 10-year agreement between the U.S. and Ukraine to commit to Ukraine's long-term security and defense. That of course is a non-binding agreement. The next President could come in and step away from it, but today gives another chance for the President to show his administration's commitment to Ukraine. There was also that announcement last week of the $50 billion loan that the G7 leaders agreed to give to Ukraine. They want to get that money out as quickly as possible, likely by the end of the year. So today, look for the President to underline those commitments that he made last week on the world stage when he sits down today with the NATO Secretary General. And Jay, a Meanwhile former President Trump is meeting with House Speaker Mike Johnson at Mar-a-Lago. What do we know about this meeting and the relationship between Trump and the House Speaker? Or remember, this comes after Trump met with Congressional Republicans in both the House and Senate last week. He's meeting with Johnson and also a guy named Richard Hudson, who's the chair of the National Republican Congressional Committee. That's the organization that set up to essentially elect more Republicans to the House. And it comes as Mike Johnson faces a few different challenges in this election year. One of the first is trying to hold on to control the House of Representatives. As you and I have talked about repeatedly, Diane, Republicans have a slim, just a few seat control over that chamber. And so he's got Republicans who are vulnerable this year, who are running in districts that President Biden won in 2020. So you can imagine that's a subject of the conversation, how to maintain control of the House. Also on the flip side of this, there are likely to be conversations about primaries. There are a number of Republicans with further right primary challengers, and their voters in those states have still not gone to the polls yet. And former President Trump can play a big role in those primaries. The question facing Emma's, does he endorse the further right candidate? Or does he endorse the incumbent Republican who's facing that primary challenge? So you can imagine that's something that Johnson is likely to bring up as well. All right, J. O'Brien, Karen Travers. Thank you.