 Let's get right to ABC's Rachel Scotch. She's going to kick it off for us tonight. She's live in the spin room in Atlanta, setting for tonight's debate. And Rachel, the debate there will have no audience. The microphones will be muted only on when a particular candidate is there, turn to speak. And you've also learned more tonight about the distance between these two candidates about notes or no notes and whether or not they'll have any interaction with their advisors during the actual debate. Yes, David. This debate is going to look and feel a whole lot different for the candidates and also for the American people that are watching. So the candidates themselves will be eight feet apart on that debate stage. Their microphones will only be turned on when it is their turn to speak. They will not be allowed to communicate or talk to their aides or advisors during commercial breaks. They will also not be allowed to take anything pre-written onto that debate stage. They will be allowed to write things down once they get behind the podium. Of course, there will be no studio audience tonight. No one to cheer them on. That's something Donald Trump has complained about, but his advisors are hoping that it does keep him more on message, David. Well, let me ask you about that, Rachel, because I know Donald Trump's team behind the scenes, you've got some new reporting on this in recent days. They actually hope that not having an audience sort of egging on the candidates, things that they like to hear might actually help. They believe keep their candidate, the former president, Donald Trump, on message in a way that perhaps we haven't seen. And we know that the former president, David, feeds off of a crowd. When you look at those past debates, he really does feed off of the crowd cheering after he delivers some of those attack lines. And so that's why we've seen the Florida president complain about not having a studio audience there, but his advisors do tell me they believe that this will help keep the former president on message, focus on the critical issues, crime, immigration, inflation, things that they believe are top of mind to voters. Of course, the big question is what version of Donald Trump shows up tonight? Is it the combative former president who's on the attack or is it much more measured version of the former president who wants to stay on message, David? And let me ask you, Rachel, about president Biden himself. He'll be on the stage, of course, opposite Donald Trump. It was four years ago. We remember the debates back then, the sort of the cross talk, the interruptions. Is it the hope of the Biden campaign of president Biden himself that this new rule about the Mike being off when you're not speaking will actually help the president get his message across on some of these key issues? That is the hope, David, but I will tell you I've been talking to advisors for the Biden campaign who have been here in this spin room when they do acknowledge one thing that even though the viewers may not hear an interruption because the former president's Mike might be turned off when it's not his turn to speak, that does not mean that president Biden will not hear it himself. And so his advisors are hoping that the president ignore sort of any distractions, but they do know that the former president can still make some sort of offhand and comment some type of a tagline if you wanted to. They're hoping that the president stays focused, stays on message, but we'll have to see how this all plays out, David. Okay, Rachel Scott right there in Atlanta for us, leading our coverage off, Rachel. Thank you as always.