 Well, Secretary General, welcome back to the whole office. I have to say at a time, I'm planning on the mission. I'm going to miss you. You know, I believe that this is one of the most consequential moments for Europe since World War II. I think you do too. NATO has found 75 years ago. And that I think the lesson we've learned, then, about standing together to defend the entire aggression, have learned consequential. And we've made NATO's, under leadership, we've made it larger and stronger, and it is more united than ever been. So I want to thank you, Mr. Secretary General, for the incredible work you've done. Together, we're determined for the Russian-aggression in Europe. I think we've welcomed Finland in the alliance. And we strengthen NATO's eastern flank, making it clear that we'll defend every single-engine NATO territory. And, John, there was a very important announcement to make today. Record number of allies, meeting a NATO commitment to at least 2 percent of the GDP and the FAN. And, in fact, the number is more than double since we took office, since I took office, and look forward to building it all on all of this progress next month when we have the 75th meeting here in Washington. And I look forward to our discussion today. I just want to thank you for being here. We have a lot to talk about, and I'm meeting sincerely. You went great. I just wish you'd extend your term another 10 years. Here's the help of Joe. Thank you. President Biden, DeJo, thank you so much for your warm words and thank you so much for your personal commitment to NATO to our transatlantic alliance. And also many thanks for hosting the NATO Summit here in Washington DC next month. And that summit we will celebrate the 75th anniversary of the most successful alliance in history, but also make important decisions for the future, not least on the issue and the importance of investing in our security. And today we are able to publish new figures for the FAN spending. They show that across South European Canada, NATO Allies are this year increasing the FAN spending by 18 percent. That's the biggest increase in decades. And 23 Allies are going to spend 2 percent of GDP or more on the FAN this year. That's more than twice as many as four years ago. And demonstrates that European Allies and Canada are really stepping up and taking their share of the common responsibility to protect all of us in the NATO alliance. It's also important for the United States to know that a lot of this money is actually spent here in the United States. I'm also buying more and more equipment from the U.S. So NATO is good for U.S. security, but NATO is also good for U.S. jobs. Mr. President, let me also thank you for your strong leadership on Ukraine and congratulations on the bilateral security agreement you signed with President Zelensky, with Ukraine. European Allies are also stepping up and matching the U.S. contributions, military support to Ukraine. And I expect that when we meet here next month, we will agree to have a NATO in the lead role in providing security assistance and training. And also that Allies will agree to step up financial and military support to Ukraine. This will reduce the burden on the United States and strengthen our support to Ukraine. I think it's important to understand that the stronger our support for Ukraine is, the sooner it is work and end, because the sooner President Putin will realize that he cannot await those out. It is in support to Ukraine's functionality, support to Ukraine in our own security interest, and therefore our welcome to strong commitment of all NATO Allies to continue to support Ukraine. So once again, thank you so much. Thank you for once again hosting me here in the Oval Office, and I look very much forward to the NATO Summit in Washington. We'll see you next month. Thank you. Thank you very much.