 installment Thank you very much. Thanks, everybody. Gaden Orden-Helson, I'm back. He first introduced me to Wisconsin a long time ago when I was a kid. I'm only 40 now, but I was a kid. Sabrina, thank you for the introduction and for the voluntary for our campaign. Special thanks to one of the best governors I've ever worked with in my life. You've got a former governor, Jim Doyle, over Madison Road. Mayor of this city. Look, we got a guy who has a tough time winning election. He only gets 70% of the vote. Congressman Mark Colcan. There's so many local leaders who are doing it, including the chair of Wisconsin Democratic Party, Ben Wickler. That was Ben. Folks, did you have a good Fourth of July? By the way, if you wonder whether Trump has it all together, did you ever hear how he explained the Fourth of July when he was present? No, I'm serious. This is true. His explanation, how America won the Revolutionary War? I'm not making this up. He said this Fourth of July speech five years ago. He said, George Washington's Army won the Revolution by taking control of the airports from the British. To talk about me, Miss Speaking, airports on the British in 1776. It's true. He is a stable genius this year. My friends, I'm almost constant one reason, because we're going to win Wisconsin. Win. Let me tell you how we're going to do it. You know the reason. We're going to do it because of you all in this room to start with. We're going to stand up for women in America. We're going to restore a rowy way through all the land. We're going to stand up for the right to vote again. We're going to fight for Medicare and Social Security and child care, elder care, pay to aid. Oh, it's growth economics. We're going to keep lowering the cost of precision drugs and expanding health care for everyone. Look, we're going to protect our children from getting weapons of war off our streets. That's what we're going to do. The idea that more children die from gunshot wounds in America is so wrong. It's sick. It's really sick. We're going to keep confronting climate change in the mid-war. The most important, we're going to save our democracy. Now, you've probably heard. You had a little debate last week. I can't say it's my best performance. Whatever since then, there's been a lot of speculation. What's Joe going to do? Is he going to stay in the race? Is he going to drop out? What's he going to do? Well, here's my answer. I am running and going to win again. You can cut. You can cut. You can cut. You can cut. You can cut. You can cut. You can cut. You can cut. You can cut. You can cut. I'm a city president of the United States of America, no small part because of you. I'm not a joke in 2020. You came through for me. I'm an nominee of the Democratic Party. I'm an nominee of this party because millions of Democrats like you just voted for me in prime race all across America. You voted for me to be your nominee. No one else. You, the voters, the voters did that. And despite the spite that some folks don't seem to care who you voted for, I guess what, they're trying to push me out on the race. Well, let me say this clearly as I can. I'm staying in the race. I'll beat Donald Trump. I will beat him again in 2020. By the way, we're going to do it again in 2024. I learned long ago when you get knocked down, you get back up. I'm not letting one 90-minute debate wipe out three and a half years of work. As the governor said, I've led the station to the depths of pandemic to the strongest economy in the world. And that's the living truth. And I and you are not finished yet. I probably also noticed a lot of discussion about my age. I know I look 40. I keep seeing all those stories about I'm being too old. Let me say something. I was too old. I went too old to create over 15 million new jobs. To make sure 21 million Americans are unsure of an affordable care act. To be a big farmer, the first one to ever do that, lower the cost of this than $35. Was that too old? A really student debt for nearly five million Americans and growing economy? Too old to put the first black woman on the Supreme Court of the United States of America? The sign to respect for Mary Jack? Was that too old to sign? Mostly giving her gun safety law in 30 years. The past, the biggest climate building in history of the world, not history of the world. But then my critics say, sure. But you did all that. But that was in the past. What about now? How about the 200,000 jobs we announced yesterday? So let me ask you, what do you think? You think I'm too old or a store of overweight to law the land? You think I'm too old to ban a soul, weapons again? You protect so security and Medicare? You think that child care, elder care, for working families and needed nation? To make billionaires finally start to pay something beyond 8.2% of the tax rate? What do you ask you? You think I'm too old to beat Donald Trump? I can hardly wait anyway. Folks, let's focus on what really matters. We're running against the biggest liar and the biggest threat. Oh really, the biggest liar and biggest threat to our democracy in American history. That's not hyperbole. Over 150 presidential historians voted him the worst president of American history. No, the worst. As I've said before, he has the morals of an ally cat. He lies about the economy he created. The truth is he's one of only two American presidents who left office with fewer jobs than when he came into office. You know what the other one was? Herbert Hoover. In fact, that's why I call him Donald Herbert Hoover Trump. He lies about the pandemic he totally boxed. The truth is over a million people went on to die. He told us what to inject bleach in our arm. It wasn't serious. He lied about how great he was for veterans in his administration. The truth, he called veterans who gave their lives serving American. I was just in Normandy and in the beaches of Normandy and all through that area. He said, I have trouble saying this because my son died as a consequence of a riot. He gave their lives. He called on, quote, suckers and losers. By the way, I'll be damned. I'm glad I went with him. He can be damned. I'll be damned. I'll be damned. I'll be damned. I'll be damned. I'll be damned. I'll be damned. I'll be damned. I'll be damned. I'll be damned. I'll be damned. I'll be damned. You're very much a destruict Bur'ilis. You're very treacherous. You're grateful you were doing for him, you'll be damned. Layery Christie. While I was alive, this blunt dog was the sole idea for JOPE.ρό пор alar wel abd fertility. So I went tomin Кто 20 years ago. Come on! Yes. She's a good , fat Shepherd. It's hard for him. Sit down with us. A stab in it, you know. could be prouder to have your support and the support of our great Vice President of the United States come out of the heart. Trump is a convicted felon, found guilty, 34 felonies, trying to hide husk money payments to a porn star. Another jury found Trump sexually assaulted a woman in a public place and has been fined $90 million for defenier. $90 million is only been banked about 20 times, but I don't know. This so-called great businessman owes over $400 million in fines after being convicted in New York State of business fraud. Already convicted, $400 million. Donald Trump is just a convicted criminal. He's a one man crime wave. But Trump's biggest lie at all, because he had nothing to do with the insurrection of January 6th. We all saw with our own eyes. We saw he sent thousands to attack the Capitol. We saw police being attacked, the Capitol being ransacked, the mob hunting for Nancy Pelosi. Gallows set up to hang Mike Pence. Let me ask you something. After what Trump did on January 6th, why would anyone ever let him be near the Oval Office again? Folks, the issue of this election is what kind of America do we want to be? What kind of America do we want to be? Do we want to be a country of anger, of revenge and retribution? Or country of hope, an optimism, of possibility, as we've always been? I want a country where women have a right to make their own health care decisions. Trump wants America to abortion his band and women are punished. I want America where health care is a right, not a privilege. Trump wants to throw tens of millions of people who couldn't get insurance on the other way than Obamacare, awful Obamacare. I want America where the very wealthy began to pay their fair share. Trump wants to give the very wealthy a visual last time out when his President gave him a $2 trillion tax cut, creating the largest deficit any President has in one turn. Now he wants another $5 billion trillion, not $5 trillion tax cut after all ready leaving the largest deficit. If this is a misheard to make this up, I want to protect Social Security Medicare. He wants to cut Social Security Medicare so he can cut taxes for the very wealthy. I want a band of so-called required universal background checks. You all heard the promise here in our aid. The promise to National Revolutionals has taken. I will do nothing about guns. That's what he said. I will do nothing about guns. And he means it. I want January 16th's direction to serve their full prison terms. Trump wants to pardon you. Folks, you can't be pro-insurrectionists and pro-American at the same time. This is so damn serious. You can't love your country only when you win. Look, you've been standing a long time. Let me close it this. Hold on to me. The American President sees about the character. The character of the President holds the job. Because with the immunity he's talking with the Supreme Court just talked about it. It gets down to that. It gets down to that. It's about honesty. It's about the President's decency. Integrity. Do they respect people? Or do they incite violence and hate? Can they honor the oath of the Constitution and uphold the oath of office? Well, I don't think it's an exaggeration to say that Trump has failed on every one of these character tests. Everyone. And what's worse, the Supreme Court has just ruled that there are virtually no limits on the power of the President. I know it sounds bizarre, but that's where they rule. A frightening decision. According to an extreme majority of the Supreme Court, the President is now above the law. We just celebrated the Fourth of July, saying we will not be ruled by a king. And this Supreme Court, he appointed, proved this new law. It's an a dangerous precedent, especially if Donald Trump has returned to the President. Just think about it. The second term, this next term, whoever is a President, is going to point at least two new appointees. The second Trump term, where there are no limits. Supreme Court just so-to-my-air warn us about that in her dissent, in that case. This is it. She noted that based on a majority's decision, Trump can take out his opponents, and physically take them out. Take bribes, lead a coup, and be immune to ever being held accountable for it if he did it while it was President, according to the Supreme Court. I mean, where the hell are we? So he really could become a dictator that he promised to be on day one. Over two centuries, America has been a free democratic nation. And I'll be damned to the year 2024, just two years before 250th anniversary of his resignation. I'll let Donald Trump take this away. This is not hyperbole. This race is about our freedom. It's about our democracy. It's about the very sole America. Are we prepared to fight for that? I know I am and I will. Folks, I have never been more optimistic about America's future, because the American people are decent, good, honorable. You just don't remember who in God's name were are. Where the United States of America. I mean, think about it. Think about a little turd. And there's nothing beyond our capacity when we stand together. So let's stand together with a selection of exiled Donald Trump politically. God bless you all. May God protect our truth.