 Here's President Biden. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank you, North Carolina. Thank you, North Carolina. Well, again, trouble for my mom looking down to heaven if I don't say, please excuse my my back, I apologize. It's not all part of it. It's good knowing you have my back. You got to go up there. Eric, thank you that introduction. We had a wonderful time spending time with your sons, Christy and the Carter. We're going to grow up to be incredible young men. You would have been really impressed the way they talked about their dad. I informed them they were about what was going on. I was truly impressed. And I ate two hamburgers. The special thanks to Roy and Christy and Cooper. Roy, you've been a great governor. Which makes it all more important the North Carolina elected great governor replace you. Josh Stein. And when I'm re-elected again with your help, I want you to know that I'm not promising not to take Roy away from North Carolina. You're a little coming out, I don't know. And thanks to all the state and local leaders here today, the great musicians and their tenors who performed earlier. Folks, let me tell you why I'm here in North Carolina. I'm here for what? Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. That's okay. I'm here in North Carolina for one reason, because I intend to win this state in November. I'm going to see that. I think we are. Roy is right, we win here, we win the election. And this is how we're going to do it. We're going to stand up for the women of America. We're going to restore the Roy Ways of Law of the Land. We're going to stand up for the right to vote. We're going to stand up for Medicare and Social Security. We're going to fight for childcare, paid leave and out of care. We're going to keep lowering the cost of prescription drugs, not just for seniors, but for every single American. We're going to keep protecting the Affordable Care Act, which is why more than 40 million Americans have health insurance today. We're going to protect our children and get the weapons of war off our streets. We're going to provide clean drinking water, affordable high-speed internet, quality education for every child in America. We're going to secure our border and protect legal immigration. And unlike the other guy, we're going to stand up to dictators like Putin, America bows to no one, no one, no one ever. Folks, and we're going to keep dealing with the climate crisis. The more than anything, we're going to preserve, protect and defend our democracy. It was more than anything else. That is one of the stake in America this election. You're freedom, you're democracy. America itself is at stake. Now folks, I want you to do last night, but I spent 90 minutes on the stage and debating the guy who has the morals of an alley cat. Did you see Trump last night? My guess he said, I mean it's sincerely, a new record for the most lies told in the single debate. He lied about the great economy he created. He lied about the pandemic he bucks, killing millions of people. He closed businesses, he closed schools, losing their homes, people all over this country. America was flat on his back. So I told Trump that it was just one of two presents American history who left office at fewer jobs than he started. Herbert Hoover was the other one. That's why I called Donald Herbert Hoover Trump. Then he lied about how great he was for veterans. But then I told him how he had called a veteran and given their lives in the country in War War 1 and refused to go to the great sites. He called them suckers and losers. He tried to deny it. He asked you, are you going to believe a four star Marine general, his own former chief of staff, John Kelly, who said he said that, or this grace defeated a lying Donald Trump. My son was one of those people, not a War Warman in the V. Folks, look, how about the fact that 44? How about the fact that 40 out of 44 top advisors, including the vice president, aren't supporting the Miss Tom Brown. The people know him best. 40 of them said, I will not support the man I work for this time around. It tells you a lot about the person who knows him. Look, he lied about how great he was on crime. I had to remind him that he oversaw record increase in murder rates in 2020. On my watch, while in crime is hit a 50 year low, there's more to build a 50 year low. And then I pointed out that the only convicted criminal on the stage last night was Donald Trump. When I thought about his 34 felony convictions, his sexual assault on a woman in a public place has been fined $400 million for a business fraud. I thought to myself, Donald Trump is an ingested convicted phone. Donald Trump is a one man crime wave. He's got more trials. He's got more trials coming up. It's time for that. Look, the thing that bothers me maybe most about him, he has no respect for women or the law. And then his biggest lie, he lied about how he had nothing to do with the insurrection of January 6th. We all saw with our own eyes. We watched it on television. We saw thousands of his direction attacked the Capitol. We saw police being attacked. A Capitol being ransacked. The mob hunting for Speaker Pelosi. Gallows literally set up for Mike Pence. And then he told them as he sat in the dining room, the private dining room, and he sat there for three hours watching the TV. He did not have a single thing to stop it. Nothing. Nothing to go on. And now he wants to pardon all those convicted criminals. The folks, for all his lies, we learned some important truths about Donald Trump last night. We learned he's still proud of being the person who killed Roe v. Wade. We learned, we learned he's still proud about the pain and cold as inflicted on America's women. We learned he still believes that politicians, not doctors and women should make decisions about the women's health. We learned that if he's elected again and the Magi-Republicans pass a national ban on abortion, he will sign it. Donald Trump says he thinks Roe v. Wade was a beautiful thing. I think it was a nightmare. No, I really mean it. A nightmare. And I made it clear again last night that you elect me and Kamala. You give us a democratic commas. We will make Roe v. Wade the law of the land again. We continue to lie. He said I quadruple taxes. Where the hell is he been? Which is a simple lie. I didn't raise a tax on anyone in America who had made less than $400,000 a year. And I won't on my second term either. We learned that Trump, who had the largest deficit in any president in four years because the $2 trillion tax cut to the super wealthy, we learned that Trump wants to give another giant tax cut for the very wealthy and the biggest corporations. This time $5 trillion, not a joke, $5 trillion. The pay for is going to cut Medicare and Social Security. It'll cut health care. Do it all with millions of working in middle-class Americans all pay for another tax cut for the very wealthy. Then, that in South of injury, he wants to raise taxes on the average family $2,500 a year. What amounts to a new 10 percent tail tax and all products imported in America, that's his new plan. For a food, coffee, candy bars, and so much more, it's going to raise the tax on the average family $2,500 a year. The most dangerous thing, though, we learned that Donald Trump will not respect this year's election outcome. He's still not rejecting the last time out. I'll think about it. Every court in New NAND ruled that it was a fair election. He's still denying it, still telling lies. Three times Trump was asked last night by the moderators, what irrespective of the election results if he lost this time. Three times, he refused to answer. Three times. Folks, Donald Trump refused to accept the results in 2020. We all saw what happened on January the 6th, the direct consequence of that. It was an international embarrassment. By the way, as I grow these international meetings, I know every major world leader. I literally, because I've been around, as you might have noticed. But they asked me, did he really mean this? Was this real? It caused the constitutional crisis in international embarrassment. Now, Trump is making it clear that if you're doesn't win this time, there will be in his words, bloodshed. No president has ever said anything like that. No president. His words, not mine. We're going to let Donald Trump attack our democracy again. I don't think so. Folks. Folks. We've come a long way. We've come a long way from the midst of Donald Trump left us. We came out of the pandemic. We're a long way from our Donald Trump telling us to inject bleach in our skin. That COVID is not that dangerous. Today, we have the strongest economy in the world without exception. 15 million new jobs. 800,000 manufacturing jobs. Unemployment under 4% for a record two years in a row. The historic black and Hispanic unemployment down. The historic creation of the tall business and black and all communities across the nation, particularly rural areas. The historic economic growth, inflation has dropped from 9% to 3%, and it's still going down. I know we have more to do to get prices down. We have to take on corporate grade and make twice the profit they were before the pandemic. We've got to make housing more affordable to buy childcare. Make the tax code fair. 16 Nobel winners of the economic Nobel Prize have looked at my economy plan this week. They should report it. There's what they concluded. They said that my plan would continue to grow the economy and bring down inflation. 16 Nobel laureates. That Trump's plan would send a nation into recession and inflation soaring through the roof. They don't take my word for it. Folks, let me close to this. I know I'm not a young man. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I don't walk as easy as I used to. I don't speak as smooth as I used to. I don't debate as well as I used to. I know what I do now. I know how to tell the truth. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know right from wrong. I know how to do this job. I know how to get things done. I know like millions of Americans know. When you get knocked down, you get back up. I know what it took to take our economy in the depths of the pandemic. Where it is today, the strongest economy in the world. I know it will take to bring this economy to everybody. I know it will take to rally the world to stand up against Putin and defend freedom. And I know it will take to keep the world safe and free for the years ahead. Folks, I give my words a bite and I would not be running again if I didn't believe. With all my heart and soul, I can do this job. Because quite frankly, the stakes are too high. The stakes are too high. Donald Trump is a genuine threat to this nation. He's a threat to our freedom. He's a threat to our democracy. He's literally a threat for anything America stands for. Look, he doesn't understand what I think all of you do. America is the finest, the most unique nation in the world. The only nation in the world, and I mean this sincerely, it's the fact statement, not a hyperbolic statement, it's fact. Where the only nation in the world built on an idea, all of the nations built on ethnicity, geography, and other religion. But we're built on an idea that we're all created equal. We deserve to be treated equally throughout our lives. We've never fully lived up a lobby damned in the year 2024, just two years. Just two years before the 250th anniversary of our Declaration of Independence, but I'll let Donald Trump walk away from it. I give you my word. I give my words a bite. I believe in the definition of a nation, I believe in the definition of an honesty and decency and treating people with respect. I still believe that our nation gives everyone a fair shot, and there is nobody behind. We're still nice to give us hate, no safe harbor. And we're still the beacon of the world. We could never give up what makes America America. Donald Trump is motivated by our revenge and retribution. The revenge and retribution never built a damn thing. You and I, we Americans are a nation of hope, optimism, and possibilities. That's what always build America. That's going to continue to build America today. The choice in this election is simple. Donald Trump will destroy democracy, I will defend it. So folks, are you with me? Donald Trump's the first president I've heard of. This stood up there running for president having been one term saying America is a failing nation. Where the hell does he think he is? I'm serious. A failing, I don't know, a president wouldn't trade place a little American on a heartbeat. He's dead wrong. America's not losing nation. He's winning. As I stand here today, I can honestly say I've never more often missing about America's future in my whole career. We just have to remember who we are. We're the United States of America. There is nothing, nothing beyond our capacity, nothing when we act together. We've got it. We will say, we will say, we will say, we will say, we will say. We may God bless you all. We may God protect our troops. Let's go get them North Carolina.