 The second action I'm announcing today was about keeping families together. My dad used to have an expression. He said, Joey, family is about the beginning, middle, and the end. About keeping couples together who were married. Where one spouse is a U.S. citizen, the other is undocumented. They've been living in the United States for at least 10 years. These couples have been raising families, sending their kids to church and school, paying taxes, contributing to our country for 10 years or more. Not the fact the average time I've spent here is 23 years. People were affected today. But living in the United States, all this time, we were feared uncertainty. We can fix that. And that's what I'm going to do today. Fix it. There's the point. Doesn't require any fundamental change in our immigration law. There's already a system in place where people were talking about today. But the process is cumbersome risking and separates families. One of the current process undocumented spouses of U.S. citizens must go back to their home country. For example, a Mexico, for example, fill out paperwork, obtain long-term legal status. They have to leave their families in America with no assurance that they'll be allowed back in the United States. So they stay in America. But in the shadows, living in constant fear of deportation without the ability to legally work. All this, even though under the law today, there are eligible for long-term legal status. Today, I'm announcing a common sense fix to streamline the process for obtaining legal status for immigrants, married to American citizens who live here and lived here for a long time. For those wives or husbands and their children who have lived in America for a decade or more, but are undocumented, this action will allow them to file a paperwork for legal status in the United States. Allowing them to work while they remain with their families in the United States. Let's be clear, this action still requires undocumented spouses to file all required legal paperwork to remain in the United States. Requires in the past to criminal background checks. And it doesn't apply to anyone trying to come here today. It only applies to this action as a better way. It doesn't tear families apart while requiring every undocumented spouse to fulfill their obligations under the law. Look, the action I'm announcing today will go into effect later this summer. And by the way, just as was true for the protection of the dreamers, the steps I'm taking today are overwhelmingly supported by the American people, no matter what the other team says. In fact, polls show over 70% of Americans support this effort to keep families alive.