 This morning, the CEO of Boeing is preparing to testify before Senate Committee. In his opening remarks, CEO Dave Calhoun will tell the committee, Boeing's culture is far from perfect, but we are taking action and making progress. Questions about quality control escalated in January when a door panel on this Alaska air flight blew off mid-flight, leaving a gaping hole in the 737 Max Jet. Then in April, a Boeing engineer told the Senate that the 737 Max, the 787 Dreamliner, and the 777 models had serious production issues. I was ignored, I was told not to create delays, I was told frankly to shut up. Calhoun will push back at the whistleblower's claims today, saying we are committed to making sure every employee feels empowered to speak up if there is a problem. Breaking overnight, a second whistleblower has come forward. A Boeing engineer claims the company is cutting corners, losing track of parts labeled as not up to design standards, he claims parts that shouldn't be used, sometimes end up in new planes, which he claims could lead to a catastrophic event. Boeing has also faced criticism for two crashes involving the 737 Max Plains in 2018 and 2019. The first in Indonesia killed 189 people, the second in Ethiopia killed 157. A congressional investigation found Boeing failed on its design and development of the Max. Calhoun will address the victim's families today, saying we are deeply sorry for your losses, nothing is more important than the safety of the people who step on board our airplanes. The Justice Department accusing Boeing of violating a settlement reached after those two deadly crashes. That agreement allowed Boeing to avoid criminal prosecution in exchange for implementing new safety procedures. The Justice Department last month said it was still determining how it will proceed in this matter. And Calhoun is stepping down by the end of this year, but the company's search for a new CEO hasn't been easy. Multiple top candidates have reportedly turned down the job.