 This morning, a nearly weak old cyber outage is plaguing car dealerships across the US and Canada. Many sharing their feelings about it online. It's been an absolute disaster for a lot of dealerships. If you need parts at a body shop to fix the car, guess what you can't get right now. Parts to fix the car. CDK Global, a major player in the auto sales industry, was hit by back-to-back cyber attacks last Wednesday. A dribbling business at roughly 15,000 auto dealerships. The company provides this software that handles a range of dealership functions. Significant because, once again, the cyber criminals have managed to attack a supply chain industry. Several major auto companies, including Ford, Stellantis and GM, confirm the hack is not just disrupting car maintenance and repairs. They've just left thousands of dealers unable to process appointments or complete sales transactions. Some, turning to pen and paper. For prospective car buyers, it may mean delays with no immediate and insight. These criminals know that if they're able to take down an organization, a software company like CDK, they take down the critical operations at these auto dealerships. And so, by doing this, they figure the chances of getting paid are much larger. And CDK, saying it promptly launched an investigation, adding, we have begun the restoration process. It will take several days to complete. Earlier this year, a ransomware group disrupted payment and claims processing for United Health's Change Healthcare. It was reported they ultimately paid the ransom about $22 million. Everyone needs to be vigilant and people are fooled to giving up their information. And that is very, very dangerous. And that's what most likely happened here and certainly happened with United Health Care. As for the CDK cyber attacks, it's unclear at this point what if any consumer information has been compromised. Bloomberg is reporting the hackers are demanding tens of millions of dollars in ransom to restore operations. And that CDK intends to pay it, though discussions are subject to change.