 David, I think we have to be very clear. This was a very bad night for Joe Biden. I have been talking to Democrats as this debate progressed. And you are starting to see here at least privately discussions among Democrats about whether or not Biden can effectively go on with this campaign against Donald Trump. Donald Trump did go through rapid fire lies. I mean, a machine gun of lies at times during this debate. He said things like, everybody wanted to grow viewade repealed. The everything was rocking good when he was president. There were no wars. The unselect committee deleted all the evidence that he, Nancy Pelosi refused 10,000 National Guard troops. None of that was true. And Biden was not effectively able to bring the argument back to him. I talked to one member, Democratic member of Congress, who is a strong supporter up till now of Joe Biden saying to me, I am in a state of shock. He has diminished to an extent that has become undeniable. Biden is going to have to answer these questions. This was not just one night in the campaign. This was the night in the campaign so far. Another Democrat said, I wish this performance had been during the Democratic primary if it were we would have had a different nominee. No question in your mind given what you're hearing from your sources that this is a conversation that's now underway. It's a conversation that is being conducted privately at this point, David. The big question is, will any of it become public? Because it is very difficult to imagine a scenario where Biden can be replaced as the nominee. You would have to somehow open up the convention. Biden would have to, you know, be the one leading it and saying, I'm going to release my delegates. There's absolutely no indication that he is willing to do this. And nobody, no Democrat is going to want to further damage Biden. Beyond what we saw tonight by being the first to come out and say that publicly, unless it's determined there's truly a viable path to find another nominee.