 I'm Kate Weirich and Los Angeles. In today's big story, California Congressman Adam Schiff vying to fill the Senate seat left behind by the late Diane Feinstein. I'll speak with the Democratic Lawmaker about his race against baseball legend Steve Garvey and what he hopes to accomplish if he's elected as California's next senator. Also, in our spotlight, the nation's second largest school district voting to ban cell phone and social media use during the school day. Now the decision impacts not only students in Los Angeles, but their parents and teachers as well. All right, we begin here with our big story and the Senate race right here in California to fill the shoes of longtime Democratic Senator Diane Feinstein who died in September. Congressman Adam Schiff emerging victorious over representatives Katie Porter and Barbara Lee in a blistering Democratic primary this spring. So now he will face GOP candidate and former Los Angeles Dodgers star Steve Garvey in November. Adam Schiff has represented his congressional district in Southern California since 2001. One of Donald Trump's staunchest critics. He was tapped by Democratic leadership in 2019 to be an impeachment manager during the former president's first impeachment trial in joining me now. It is the Democratic Congressman from California and Senate candidate Adam Schiff. Thank you so much for being with us today. And we have a lot to talk about. Let's just jump right in, right? Let's talk about how you have made Supreme Court reform. First of all, a priority in Congress. You've even introduced a new bill. You're touching on the code of ethics as well, but you've said that you would support expanding those Supreme Court from nine to 13 justices. So is that still where you stand? And would you still have that opinion if the Supreme Court didn't have a conservative majority right now? I, yes, I still strongly support expanding the court. I also support Chairman Mitz on the court and enforceable code of ethics. I think it is absurd that this is the one body that doesn't have an enforceable code of ethics in the federal government. And they have life tenure. That's a prescription for disaster. And we see such unrepresented decisions coming out of that court. The repeal of reproductive freedom for millions, the recent decision to allow, continue to allow these bump stocks that effectively convert a semi-automatic weapon into an automatic weapon that injured 500 people and killed 58 in Las Vegas during that horrible shooting. And in order to rebalance the court, we have to unstack the court. And that means expanding it. Otherwise, a whole generation of Americans is going to have to be saddled with this reactionary in part as a court. And we know as we're watching, we're still waiting several decisions from the Supreme Court here in the coming days. Let's talk about earlier this year Vice President Kamala Harris. She was in her home state right here in California. And warn voters that they should stay vigilant. She said they need to take the issue of abortion very seriously in congressional races this November. She went on to say none of us can afford to sit back and thank God we're in California. So do you share her concern of potential voter complacency in California? And what is your message to constituents about reproductive rights? I share very much her concerns about the lack of reproductive freedom in almost half the states in the country. And even for Californians, you know, you have a situation where because other states are banning abortion, if you're pregnant and you're a California resident, it may be a real problem that may be an imperative that you don't travel out of state. What happens if you have a problem with your pregnancy while you're visiting friends relatives in another state? It's an awful situation. And so we not only have to be vigilant, but we have to make sure we turn out in November so that we can restore reproductive freedom. Because the adoptive decision for a lot of these ultra conservatives was just the beginning. They want to go after in vitro fertilization. They want to go after over the counter or prescription medication like Mifapristone and they want to go after contraceptives. So we definitely need to be more than vigilant. We need to be deeply engaged to make sure our voices are heard in November. As you know, the California Republican Party put out a statement on the night of your Senate primary win. And they said that they're putting out commonsense solutions to problems that are plaguing the state of California. They went on to highlight high prices, surging crime, rampant homelessness and failing schools. So how do you plan on combating some of those core issues for voters here in California? I, you know, they can put out a lot of statements, but they don't really have anything to offer in terms of solutions. They're not really interested in solving many of these problems that are interested in demagoguing on them. In terms of housing, which is a real crisis in California, we need to build hundreds of thousands of units every year. We're spending billions to try to address homelessness. But after the end of the, you know, the expenditures, we still have the same problem. And it's because for everyone we move into housing, more are becoming unhoused because of the scarcity of affordable housing. That's a supply problem. We need to not only incentivize, and I'm going to be pushing a dramatic expansion of the loan, come housing tax credit to incentivize the construction of a lot more affordable housing. But we also need to make sure that local agencies make decisions on approving housing in a responsible period of time. We're never going to solve that problem if it takes four years to build new housing. But similarly, we have to tack the cost of childcare. We need to address public safety concerns. We're going to need more community-based policing. We're going to need more tools like the ones that I've been delivering to my district. I established a, helped establish a regional DNA crime lab to bring to justice some of those that are committing all these property crimes. There are some common sense solutions. Republicans don't seem to have them. And my opponent, my opponent certainly doesn't. As you know, you have a long history of support for Israel. Your opponent, Steve Garvey, though, in recent months has been critical of you in this moment, saying that you've turned your back on Israel, especially in light of how you have handled these college protests, many of which were viewed as anti-Semitic. How do you respond to that? It's kind of an absurd claim by Mr. Garvey. I've been deeply critical of a lot of the anti-Semitic behavior on college campuses. I don't think anyone feels it, as keenly as I do, is certainly not Mr. Garvey. So it's a rather absurd claim on his part. Look, I think we have to support and defend our Democratic ally. That was attacked in such a terrible and massive way on October 7th with murder and rape and torture. At the same time, we need to try to bring about an end to the conflict. Hamas cannot continue governing in Gaza. Those responsible for the seventh need to be held accountable. But we also need to do everything we can to address the needs of civilians in Gaza. None of those things I think are incompatible with support for Israel. I think they're deeply compatible with making sure we ultimately get to a two-state solution. All right, Congressman Adam Schiff, we so appreciate you taking the time to be here with us today. Thank you. Thank you. I want to take our big story now to our panel. So joining us today is our political strategist and co-host of Native Land Podcast and host Angela Rye. She was also the executive director and general counsel to the Congressional Black Caucus, along with ABC News contributor and former Republican Congressman Barbara Comstock. And ABC News deputy political director, Avery Harper. Thank you all for being here with us. So Avery, let's just jump in here quickly about this Republican primary here, about this primary here in California. As a Republican, advanced for the first time in two of California's last three Senate races. We're talking about Steve Garvey. He's running against Adam Schiff here. As you're analyzing all of this, Avery, what does that say to you about voters in California in this deep blue state that have taken this far, right? Because they could have chosen two Democrats here. They go to the end regardless of party. Right, I think that also has to do with the investment that the shift campaign made in doing ads that boosted Garvey in the primary. But this is still a solid blue state. And so I think when you look at polling in that state, we think that Adam Schiff is going to fare pretty well as we head into November. But I think it was really interesting to hear him talk about the issues. He talked about reproductive rights, which is important. Democrats are trying to mobilize voters around that issue. But according to polling, it's the economy, which includes the cost of living childcare gas, especially in a place like California, that are going to top the list of issues that voters are the most concerned about as they decide who they're going to vote for. And I'm interested to see how that messaging is going to resonate with voters there as they head to the polls in November. Absolutely. I mean, when you talk about these issues and you're starting to hear from Republicans throughout the state of California, of which they are many, although sometimes their voices aren't as loud, Barbara. Do you think potentially just the fact that Steve Garvey has made it this far in this race that that might be showcasing in a way that voters here in California are sick of the status quo? No, I mean, this race is all over really effectively. Republicans have to focus on other seats if they want to gain a majority. I think where Congressman Schiff can be most effective for Democrats is in the neighboring states to try and hold on to the seats in Nevada and try and gain a seat in Arizona. And also, he's a great fundraiser, so trying to help the Democrats in Arizona and Nevada. And also bracket those states when Donald Trump comes because he's a very good foil for Donald Trump. He knows Donald Trump well and all Donald Trump's problems. So he's very effective in helping the Democrats hold on to the Senate and also work against Donald Trump because he's going to have a lock on this seat. So that's interesting. So Angela, what's your take on that there? Do you think that perhaps Adam Schiff might be going around and trying to help other candidates in some of these Western or battleground states? I think that would definitely be smart to do Adam Schiff during the Trump impeachment trial, certainly made a name for himself that has taken a national stage. And in many ways, he's seen as a hero. I think there are some positions that he takes that may not be as favorable, particularly to younger voters in California. You just asked him about the Israel Hamas conflict. And I think that this is an issue that is a sore spot for many people. And I think there are also some folks in California. And as we celebrate Juneteenth today, Black women everywhere who don't have it as a not so distant memory that Gavin Newsom refused to appoint Barbara Lee to finish out Senator Feinstein's term. And of course, appointed another Black woman, LaFonza Butler, who we know and love and certainly appreciate, but it's a not so distant memory. And of course, with the Shirley Chisholm, BioPit coming out this year, we know the very important role that Barbara Lee has played historically. And throughout the country has been a conscience of the Congress just as the congressional Black caucus has been. Absolutely. All right, Angela Barbara and Avery are thanks to all of you for being here with us today.