 the Copa America is kicking off this week. The US is hosting the world's oldest international soccer tournament as hopes are rising for the US team's chances. It's a key test for the team and US soccer in general before co-hosting the World Cup in 2026. Let's bring ESPN soccer reporter Lexus Nunes for more on this. Alexis, this US men's team has been called the Golden Generation. Why the hype? Yes, A.N. and the truth is, this isn't the first time that we've heard the Golden Generation being used to describe a US men's national team. But this without a doubt is probably the most talented and experienced group of players collectively that the US has ever seen. We're talking about Captain America, himself Christian, Pulisic, who's already won the UEFA Champions League with Chelsea before now enjoying a good time at AC Milan in the city. You have Tim Weyer as well as so many other players like Western McKinney as well, who recently just won the Copa Italia over in Italy with Juventus, which we all know the pedigree of Juventus. So, and there's so many more players as well playing in the big leagues in Europe, which is why expectations are so high now for them to kind of transfer some of the success that they have seen with their international clubs to the national team right now. The expectations, I think, are higher than ever because we have seen the US compete on the international stage. They recently, in a friendly, got a one-one draw with Brazil, which shouldn't be taken lightly, even though it is a friendly. But now it's time to add a bit more trophies to their name because, like I said, this is a golden generation and easily the most talented by far. Now, World Cup champs, Lionel Messi and Argentina are also facing some high expectations. They kicked off the competition last night with a two-nil win against Canada. So, what other teams and big matchups are you watching? Well, you definitely cannot mention Lionel Messi and Argentina and not mention their biggest rivals in Brazil. We know Brazil five-time World Cup champions. It's been 24 years since they've actually won a World Cup trophy and they last won this Copa America back in 2019 and they'll be stinging that they lost the last final to their bitter rivals, Argentina. So, a lot of eyes on Brazil. Lots of talent on that team, a younger generation, like Rodrigo, who we see there, Alessandro, who is the top goalkeeper at Liverpool in the Premier League. So, lots of expectations on Brazil, then. There's still the others in South America, for example, Udeguay. Behind Argentina, Udeguay have actually won the tournament the second most amount of times and they've also got a ton of players that are playing at the highest level. They're in the USA's group that is actually the USA's last group game and I think it will be the USA's biggest test of what should be a manageable group for them. I think then we will literally see just where the USA lies in terms of competing for the quarterfinals or even the semi-finals because in the quarterfinals, probably we could see Brazil or Colombia waiting them. So, Udeguay will be a big test for them. ESPN soccer reporter Alexis Dunez, Alexis, thank you.