 Paulette Guajardo, Mayor of Corpus Christi, Texas. For more on this, Mayor Guajardo, thank you for coming on. I know it's a busy time. Tell me about Corpus Christi, because it seems like you were able to avoid the worst impacts of this hurricane. So how did the city prepare and what are things like there now? Yes, that's true. You know, the near miss of Hurricane Barrel, it was pretty significant for Corpus Christi. You know, we were in the direct path a day or so ago, and so we had all preparations ready. Overall, it was a combination of, you know, planning, communication, infrastructure, and of course, community coordination. So we were, again, our emergency operation center was ready. We were open all night. We had a close eye on it. You know, we were, like you said, we were very lucky. We had an inch, a little over an inch of rain. And so today, you know, we're able to kind of read more easily, but of course our thoughts and prayers are with our, our friends in Houston. Now, some residents decided to ride out the storm despite warnings to evacuate. How are your residents faring? And what are you doing to try to keep them safe? So we had, we did have a mandatory visitor evacuation because of the July 4th weekend. We had quite a bit of people on our islands. But again, we had good cooperation. And we didn't have any, we didn't see any issues here. And so again, it's just, it was good overall. We're very blessed, very blessed as we're seeing what's happening, you know, down the road from us. But we had a lot of, a lot of proactive measures in place. Our fire department went out and literally went door to door to our lowest lying area with this north, which is north beach and delivered leaflets, little leaflets that let people know that they are in a high risk low lying area. And it floods that the area sits below sea level. And so we made sure that we were proactive. And then it was up to them to stay or not, you know, not knowing what the storm was going to do. So we did things like that. And of course, we're a coastal community, very strong in our protocol and our preparation. And so to a degree, it's expected, you know, when we have a storm coming our way. So. Yeah, you guys know how to prepare there. That's for sure. Mayor of Paulette. Excuse me, Mayor Paulette Guajardo, of Corpus Christi, Mayor, thank you. Thank you.