 Welcome back to ABC News Live First, Pride Celebrations this month come at a challenging time in the campaign for LGBTQ equality. More than 500 bills considered anti-LGBTQ plus have been introduced in state legislative sessions this year. But there have also been significant gains, including a major milestone for marriage rights. And that's giving many a reason for hope. Here's our Devon Dwyer with a closer look. We did feel like we had a story to tell. The love story of Marie Brodoff and Ellen Wade runs nearly 50 years and counting. That's the secret. We're going to try to take each other as we are and accept what we can't change. What began as a law school friendship evolved into a profound love, commitment and parenthood of their daughter Kate. And after a historic legal battle in Massachusetts in 2004, they got married. We were married in our hearts long time before that. It's a recognition by the state. You're entitled to be treated the same as the person that sits next to you at work and is in a heterosexual relationship. Two decades later, after Marie and Ellen were among the first LGBTQ Americans to legally marry, the consequences of that social shift are coming into new focus. The benefits of same-sex couples were unambiguous and very strong. A groundbreaking analysis by Rand of 96 studies over 20 years finds the impact of same-sex marriage has been consistently positive. Leaving the more stable relationships, health benefits and the decline in discrimination towards LGBTQ families. Researchers also look closely at claims raised by opponents years ago. The children of America have the right to have a mother and a father. Marriage cannot be severed from its cultural, religious and natural roots. We found no negative consequences whatsoever. Not one study had identified a negative consequence to the legalizing marriage for same-sex couples. More than half a million Americans' same-sex couples are now legally married. Should those constitutional rights be revisited, do you think? No, and I don't think any conservative scholars are calling for that. precedent is precedent for a reason. It is within the ability of the Supreme Court in a single day to roll back our rights of the last 20 years, 40 years, 50 years, right? So we have to be clear about that. LGBTQ advocates are cautiously optimistic. Our community, when we show up, when we show up at the ballot box, when we show up at state legislatures, equality wins every single time. More than 500 anti-LGBTQ bills were introduced in state legislative sessions this year, but less than 7 percent have become law in a major decline from last year. Why is that? There may not be sufficient political will in a lot of the state houses to sort of get these pieces of legislation over the finish line. As debates over LGBTQ rights continue, Marine brought off Ellen Wade and their daughter Kate say their story proves equality is possible. If you know families like us, your opinions are more likely to change. We really have a very boring life of, I don't think so. It's not that boring to us. Devon Dwyer, thank you and be sure to catch our ABC News Live special pride across America where we go coast to coast, featuring pride marches in New York City, Chicago and San Francisco. The fun kicks off Sunday, June 30th at 11am Eastern right here on ABC News Live.