 Absolutely. Look at all the colorful people floating today throughout the parade. But we want to talk now about it. It's hot though, isn't it? Can we just acknowledge that for a second? I got the little motorized fan. It is hot and everyone is still out here celebrating because that's how much they believe in this message. Absolutely and that's why we're all here is to share the message with everyone. In fact, one of the people who does it most strongly is basically a pop music icon and ABC's ebacillagram sat down with her recently. She is the one and only Cindy Loffer, the queen of the allies, as they say, for a conversation on ally ship. That's right. Cindy recently met up at a lower restaurant and cocktail lounge right here in New York City with our ebacillagram and they discussed her career, her philanthropy and of course girls just want to have fun. Girls just want to have fun. I was like, are you kidding? I'm not doing that. When I get a little bottomy, okay? But you know, it was written by a man and then they said, look, think about what it could mean. Girls just want to have fun in the end became personal and I was singing in the key of a trumpet to trump it out an idea to all girls. That you are entitled to a joyous existence and that was bigger than me. Cindy Loffer has spent her career fighting for something bigger than herself. Always a champion for the underdog. The pop superstar has spent decades advocating for the gay community. I'm a bit of a drag queen. You know, transformation, that's what we do. This year at WeHo Pride in West Hollywood, she's being honored as a lifetime ally icon. Happy Pride! I spent a lot of my career trying to change the conversation. Why put yourself out there like that? Why? Why be a voice for those people? You don't. And boy, and let your family or your friends get beat up and treated badly and not have civil rights. It was a crime when nobody talked about AIDS. And it's a crime. People's civil rights are being stripped. The AIDS crisis was personal for Cindy. Her dear friend Gregory died from the disease in 1985. When Gregory got sick, I didn't know what it was. Nobody did. It was AIDS. And nobody was talking about it. When he passed and I started working on true colors, I was singing that because that was for us and for him. And the song that I sang became an anthem for his community. Oh, God, love. And that's why I love you. That song became the namesake for her philanthropy. In 2008, she started her non-profit True Colors United, which works to provide housing and resources for homeless LGBTQ plus youth. It's time for things to change. It takes some courage to speak up for those people. Well, where do you think that courage comes from? Yet and fed up. I mean, I grew up in the civil rights movement and it's still not going right for me. What would you say to those people who they have dreams? Maybe they're a little eccentric and different. They can't have them figured out their thing yet. You got time. You're still here. It's never too late to do what you want to do. Lopper certainly isn't slowing down. This year, she's looking back on her life and music career in a new documentary called Let the Canary Sing. If you do what you love. Magic. She's also about to embark on a final world tour. The girls just want to have fun. Farewell. I'm so excited. I really am. It's a celebration. What are you hoping that your music this tour? What are you hoping that they remember? Joy celebration. You need to celebrate who you are. I can bring people together and then we could all be happy together. And one last time, give them a big hug and say thank you. It's going to be fun. Hence the name. She's got rock star energy.