 The deadly hurricane is taking aim at Jamaica right now. Government officials there say the situation is dire as Hurricane Barrel moves through the Caribbean now at a major category for strength. Jamaica's prime minister is already declaring the entire island a disaster area. Now airports are shut down as residents stock up on groceries and gas, bracing for Barrel's impact. ABC's Faith the Bubes and Montego Bay, Jamaica with the latest. For Wotes and deadly hurricane Barrel heading straight for Jamaica bringing potentially life threatening flash floods and storm surge up to nine feet. Already decimating several Caribbean islands since making its course landfall Monday. New images capturing Barrel's wrath as a war to shore onto the island of Keria Crew in Grenada as the category for Hurricane. Next stunning drone video showing the devastation. Neighborhood flattened nearly every home and business torn apart. Authority saying at least six people killed. satellite images capturing the before and after of the historic storm at one point intensified to a category five. And surge of barreling through parts of St. Lucia sending residents wanting. St Vincent and the Grenadines hit hard too. This is actually the strongest storm that we've had come through St Vincent in my life. This is all that's left of Tammy Duncan's home. Now as Barrel takes aim at Jamaica, forecasters warning the island could take an even more devastating hit. Locals lining up to stock up on supplies and some Americans heading home early desperate to leave before Barrel's arrival. Much of a heart still to me back here in Jamaica. Yeah. You're getting emotional. Yeah. We love this place. We love this place and we love the people here and we have a special family here that serves and I have to leave them. And Faith joins me live from Montego Bay with the latest faith. What's it like there right now? Well, just on cue, we're starting to feel some light winds and I'm talking very light nowhere near Hurricane Force right now. But this tells you that the storm is coming and it's getting closer and closer. But right now really conditions are really what you would describe literally as the calm before the storm. Everybody's going about their day just moments ago. It was sunny. And so we've talked to people on this island. They are concerned about the storm that's approaching. They say they're taking precautions but we drive around the tourist areas. We don't see any businesses that are boarded up. We don't see any homes that are boarded up. They are telling us they're taking those precautions in the neighborhoods outside the tourist area. So we're waiting to see what actually happens with the storm. Yesterday, we were at the grocery store where we saw a lot of people packed in the grocery store getting supplies, getting water, getting food, getting ready to hunker down for as many days as they need. We know officials are telling people to get ready for water to be disrupted, power to be disrupted. So people are really heating the warnings right now. But they're just waiting to see if the storm actually takes a hit here where we are in Montego Bay or elsewhere offshore. So Faith, how are officials getting ready for the hurricane and the aftermath? Well we know they've issued warning after warning. They've consistently just put bulletins out there, just asking people to take precautions. They're encouraging them to also to remain calm. All the supplies you need before the storm gets here because once the conditions deteriorate, you can't get out there. There's also a curfew that's in place that started this morning and goes until at least 6 o'clock this evening if conditions are really bad after the storm. It could potentially be extended because the concern here is that looters could actually get out if there is damage and businesses are closed and windows are blown out. And so they're taking those precautions. They're making sure people are staying home, getting off the roads so emergency vehicles can get wherever they need to. And of course, the emergency alert, there's a disaster declaration that's in place right now. And so everyone is on alert. They're in a heightened state of alert just waiting to see what happens here. We know the airports are closed. So essentially the tourists, the vacationers who are here on this island are essentially stuck right now. The airport in Montego Bay is closed. Kingston is closed. Allureo is closed as well. Until the storm passes and they do a post storm assessment to figure out how much damage is at these locations before they figure out whether to reopen the airport. So people are just hunkering down, just waiting and hoping for the best. Diane. Faith and Boobay in Montego Bay, Jamaica. Thank you.