 Time now for our last call. All eyes are on the Stanley Cup final broadcast. You guessed it right here on ABC. And just hours of Florida Panthers and the Edmonton Oilers face off in historic game seven. Florida jumped into a three game lead, but the Oilers battling back, becoming the first team to force a game seven after falling behind. Oh three since 1945. The Panthers on home ice, the Oilers traveling to sunrise, Florida from Edmonton, Alberta to which two are friends who do not have an atlas that is in Canada. So who will skate away with the cup tonight? Let us bring in our panel, Elzzy Christina John and Mike. If you don't want to make a hockey prediction, you don't have to. You have two questions. You can pick whichever one you answer. You can pick Panthers or Oilers or you can tell us very briefly. We have limited time. The longest distance you've ever traveled in honor of the distance these teams travel. Mike, Panthers, Oilers or the longest distance. So I've looked my soul here now or not Jay. Two chance. That being said, I'm definitely going with the Florida Panthers. I want to see the win by definitely think momentum is definitely on Edmont side. As we know, sports is all mental and so going to game seven, both his history is on the line. You're going to see his players play their heart out. And so at that, it's not even about talent, but about guts and glory. Panthers, Oilers or the longest distance you've ever traveled. Long as distance with depth into Australia, but Australia and open for sure. I'm going to go with the Oilers and I'm going to celebrate the two best words in all of sports game seven. Doesn't matter what the sport is. If you get to a game seven, you want to watch it because it's basically a win or takes all and all the excitement and juices. You don't even need to know who the teams are. You just need to know that it's for all the chips. I had rules. The rules are Panthers, Oilers or the longest distance you've ever traveled. And the first two have ignored the rules of this game. Christina Panthers, Oilers or the longest distance you have ever traveled. Look, I don't know very much about hockey. I know, but I always go for the underdog. And that's why I love the mighty ducks and this reminds me of the mighty ducks. I'm going with the underdog. All right. This last question is not working. John Panthers, Oilers. Hey, man, I've been playing hockey since my dad puts the case on me at three years home and I'm still playing. So this is like Nirvana for me. And I do think Edmonton's got the emotional match. But I think to pull it off, man, it's going to be a great drama tonight. Let the record show, John is from Syracuse Newark, which I can tell you from experience, gets very cold and has a lot of ice and practically in my view, can't it? Amen. That is it for our last call for this half hour. Elzzy, Christina, John and Mike, thank you for playing along with us. And you can watch Game 7 live tonight on ABC. The puck drops at 8 p.m. Eastern.