 All right, and when we talk about temperatures getting this high, it's not just uncomfortable. We kind of joke around about it because when you're standing out and it for a long time, it can be taxing, but it also can be really dangerous and take a toll on the human body. Last year, extreme heat was linked to more than 11,000 deaths. That's according to the CDC. ABC News Medical contributor, Dr. Alok Patel joins me now to walk us through some of those dangers. Dr. Patel, always good to see you. We know, and we were just seeing Greg there, you talk about the sweating, your core temperature goes up. But what are some of the lesser obvious ways that extreme heat can impact the human body? I feel it's good to be here. I wish we were here talking about a cooler topic than the heat waves that are happening. So you're exactly right. Some people think when it comes to heat related illness, the first symptom you're going to feel is feeling really hot and saying this is uncomfortable. But as our bodies lose the ability to regulate that temperature, to keep our bodies at that 98 degrees and we get too hot, you may start to feel things like cramping, nausea, a headache or fatigue. And some people may not immediately think that that's related to the heat, but these are the early warning signs of heat exhaustion. And if you don't get yourself to a cooler place and hydrate, this could lead to heat stroke which unfortunately can be deadly if you do not seek immediate medical care. So it is really important that people plan for whatever activity they're doing and they try to do what the best they can to stay cool and hydrate and take care of vulnerable people. So we hear about tips and what people can do. I tend to listen to you more than most. What are your tips? What can we do? I mean, we know about staying hydrated and things like that. But in extreme heat, what can we do? I think the big three is avoid, plan and hydrate, avoid. If you can avoid being out with the extreme sun exposure, usually around 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., that's great. Find shady spots. Plan, whatever you're doing, look to see what their temperature looks like. Make sure you're bringing enough hydration, potentially electrolytes and you're taking care and you have a special plan for people out there who may be older than 65, people who are disabled, young children, anyone out there with an underlying medical condition that would affect their body's ability to regulate temperature. They are at specific risk of heat related illness. And then last but not least, plan for any emergency if you're driving, if you're traveling, if you're hiking, when you may potentially mean a situation where you got to fend off the heat. These are all really important tips as we're heading into this scorcher. And I know it sounds crazy to ask about working out in this kind of heat, but there are those of us who like to go to the gym five, six days a week. I saw people running in the park yesterday, but if you're going to work out indoors in these hot temperatures, what do you recommend that people do to keep themselves safe when they're doing that? So we're going to indoors. This is always a great thing. Do whatever you can to do some strength training a year or a heart rate up, but feel like hear you. And I know that people who are still going to go outside and play or work out, like I mentioned, trying to avoid the hottest time in the day and the afternoon is important. But also keep in mind that if you're working out in humidity, we are, our sweating is less effective. That cooling mechanism is less effective and you're prone to losing a lot of fluids. And that heat exhaustion and stroke can pop up quickly. Even if you're an experienced athlete, we see this happen every single summer with hikers who know the route. They know what they're doing. And they still wind up hospitalized. And this is a specific risk also with children who are less prone to go and find shade if they're having fun. They have more surface area to body ratio and their body temperatures can rise up quickly. So it is important they're paying attention to all people out there. And I got to say we got to practice some compassion right now because all these tips that I'm throwing out to you, these aren't available to everyone, especially those who are vulnerable working outside or people who are unhoused. So lend a hand, help someone out, give someone water, call 911 if you see anything concerning and last but not least, never, ever under any circumstances leave it child in a car that can be fatal quickly. Yeah, you're absolutely right. And anybody who needs water, hand them some water. That's the very least of what we can do as a society. All right, Dr. Locke Patel, always good to see you a cooler topic next. Likewise.