 Navy suits me to Roger Samar theater for more on the flooding threat and the extreme heat hovering over the US high Samar Hey, good morning, Diane. So I do have some good news for that area. Looks like things are quieting down in terms of storms. That storm threat has shifted a little bit farther south, but they will be dealing with the heat in the coming days. So that will not really help the situation much. Now here's a look at the severe weather threat today from DeMoya, Omaha down to Springfield, St. Lewis and Chicago and over in any Annapolis and Louisville. We have the threat for damaging winds large hail and a few tornadoes are possible. This is an active situation. We actually have a severe thunderstorm watch in effect until 11 a.m. Central time. So we've got at least what is that about two more hours to go here with this particular severe thunderstorm watch and it's just now leaving out of Chicago areas like Rockford more in the clear, but gear up south been Fort Wayne. We even have an active severe thunderstorm on the ground there. Just south of Fort Wayne right now. Heavy rain moving through Kalamazoo. In the coming days, we anticipate the severe weather threat to persist, but it will shift a little bit farther east. So this is 3 a.m. Thursday morning, bright and early Thursday or dark and early Thursday morning. We'll start to see some showers riding along the periphery of this coal front and that means the I 95 corridor from Washington, DC to New York and farther north out towards Pittsburgh is in for damaging winds. Some hail and the threat for an isolated tornado that comes with these storms. And meanwhile, we're still dealing with the heat. So today's temperatures Philadelphia in particular under a heat advisory where temperatures are going to hit the low 90s, especially through central New Jersey. But if you look at the temperature trend, it tells the story that we just talked about. 84 degrees on Friday versus 96 on Wednesday and Philly 85 on Friday versus 97 on Wednesday in DC upper 70s and Boston on Friday. So what's happening that coal front is sweeping through. So while we have the storms ahead of it behind it, reinforcing with a little bit more cooler air. And then finally, I'll leave it here. It's not just the northeast dealing with the heat. You can see that out west into the central plains. We're still dealing with heat index values that could reach 115 degrees. Diane 115 degrees. Wow, ABC's meteorologist tomorrow, Theodore are grateful for the air conditioning right now. Tomorrow, thank you.