 Tonight's historic presidential debate president Biden and a former president Donald Trump set to square off just hours from now in Atlanta for their first showdown since they came face to face in 2020. Joining me now to talk strategy to break down how this debate might be able to break through is Terry Suplat, who was in Kenosha, Wisconsin, where he'll be attending a debate watch party of hundreds of thousands of Republicans and Democrats together in the same room, Terry, who could have thought of such a thing. By the way, Terry is also the author of the forthcoming book, say it well, find your voice, speak your mind, inspire any audience. Terry, we've got them in the same room. This is an organization that is hosting this event called Brave or Angels that tries to tamp down on partisan divides in this country. I want to talk though about what you hear from these swing voters, what they want out of this debate, because they are all going to be there in the same room watching it together. That's right. Well, you know, so right now I'm at the university at Wisconsin and just down the road, this is really fascinating gathering of Americans is happening. And I spent the day talking particularly with the independence and the undecideds to see what they were looking for, right? Because this election is probably going to come down to about six states. And in those six states, maybe six to 20% of the people who say they're undecided or independent right now. So I'm really fascinated to have this, you know, to watch this debate with them to see what happens. Hopefully it all goes smoothly. I think it will. Now, just one of the things that's fascinating about it is that they don't actually try to tamp down their divides. They don't try to get them to change their minds or views. They're trying to find a way that we as Americans can have debates like we're having tonight in a way that's more civil and doesn't tear this country apart and lead to moments, I believe, lead to moments like we saw in January 6. So, you know, the candidates have a responsibility tonight to speak to one another in a way that doesn't drive the country apart. But it's upon, you know, false to all of us to do the same thing as we watch it, as we debate it with our family and our friends. Every voter I talk to, Terry, even intense partisans, because I cover Congress in my day job, they want to bring the temperature of the rhetoric down. What would be your advice to both of those candidates on that stage tonight in order to do that? Right. Well, actually, you mentioned the book. This is one of the things I talk about a lot in the book. How can all of us presidents, politicians, members of Congress, Americans, tune down the rhetoric? You know, we can still have our views, we can still believe deeply in our vision of America, but we can do it in a way without demeaning and dehumanizing people. And I say, like, the number one thing that I would like to see tonight is that no one demonizes anybody else, no one dehumanizes anyone else, no one otherizes anyone else. We're a country of over 300 million people. We have to find a way to live together, to work together. And we cannot do this if we're constantly demonizing the people who disagree with us and calling them wicked and saying that, you know, immigrants, poise in the blood of our country. But we have to figure out a way to live and work together. And it starts, by the way, we talk with one another. And not politicians aren't always the best examples of that, which is what makes groups like Brave or Angels in the Americans I'm meeting with today and hearing Kenosha so important. You know, they can set the tone, hopefully, for a different kind of rhetoric going forward. Terry Supa, former Obama speech writer, thank you very much for your insight on this debate night. And thank you at home for streaming with us. I'm Jay O'Brien. Remember to make sure that you can watch the CNN presidential debate, Symo Castan is airing tonight right here on ABC News Live. And before the showdown even starts, Lindsey Davis is going to kick off our coverage with a special edition of ABC News Live Prime, The Race for the White House. That is at 7 p.m. Eastern.