 As we celebrate Pride Across America, we are now thrilled to have our next guest with us. He is a former defensive end who played seven seasons in the NFL and he made history being the first active NFL player to come out as gay. I was at that game. He was fantastic. He was a hero of the game. Please welcome Carl Nassup. So everybody, how's it going? Happy Pride. Happy Pride. Happy Pride. The Carl as we just said, you came out three years ago around your fifth season in the NFL. And I'm just curious, how did that impact you three years ago and how did that impact the larger community once they heard the news? I mean, it changed my life and it was one of the most meaningful experiences. I am so lucky of all the support, love and respect that I've gotten over the last three years. And you know, again, the reception from my coaches, my teammates, the fans, everybody, I just couldn't have asked for a better experience. Go Bucks. Yeah, go Bucks. Go Raiders. Go Brown. Yeah. Hey, Carl, what does what does Pride mean to you? How do you celebrate? I mean, Pride is, you know, an ultimate celebration. I am very aware of how lucky I am to just exist in the time like this, where I get to be myself. And, you know, just 25 years ago, it wasn't that same type of reception. And, you know, it is a celebration of all that we have. But I also feel like it's a reminder that, you know, progress isn't solely based on inertia. It's yet need constant, you know, pressure, need constant energy. And, you know, it's also a reminder that we have a, you know, a lot to accomplish. I'd once interviewed Jeff Rohr, who played for the cowboy, and then came out only after retiring. And he talked about that pressure, that pressure to remain silent. But now that you are past your NFL career, you know, started a new volunteering app, which is so cool. Yeah, absolutely. Felt as to how raise that. Yeah, so my company raised, we were really trying to increase volunteerism in just philanthropy in general, less and less people volunteer, and less and less people get back to charity. And so we're really trying to connect younger generations who grew up with technology, with these nonprofits who are kind of run by people who are in later stages of life that don't know technology at all. So we're trying to bridge that gap. And it's really rewarding. We got big goals. We have a great team. We're based here in New York City. So it's going really, really well. Did you go to a big support of the Trevor Project? Yes. Absolutely. That year's involvement with that. I mean, the Trevor Project and I, they can't get rid of me. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, um, I love that organization. Uh, I work with through my company raised. I work with some of the biggest nonprofits in the world, and they, they run incredibly well. I love their team. I love, obviously I love their mission. It's incredibly important to me. And, you know, speaking of volunteerism, they have this amazing group of individuals volunteering for them every single day. I've met plenty of their volunteers, my friend Mary, hey, Mary, she has volunteered every week for, you know, 200 weeks for the Trevor Project. And, you know, that, that is all, um, for a good cause. And it's something that we need to continue to support. So support the Trevor Project. You can be tired. All of us need more like Mary. I feel like Mary. Mary. Hey, Mary. Well, put on my sports cap for just one second because you're still young. I think you were a teammate of Tom Brady who retired and came out and played some more. Yeah. Are you tired? Are you tired? Or are you thinking about it and maybe perhaps a comeback? Okay. So I really appreciate that. I remember when I turned 30 when I was in the NFL, there was an article maybe three days later Carl Nass that turns 30 because he on his way out and I was like, can I breathe? Right. You know, you're right. And then now I move into corporate America and everybody's like, oh, you're so young. Ah. There's no winning, Carl. Yeah, there's no winning, right? And so no, there's no, there's no, uh, resurgence for me. I love retirement. Life's been great. Yeah. I appreciate it though. He tried. Yeah. I feel like it's because he wants you to get back. Yeah, it's exactly. Well, I can't lie. I do miss it. I, uh, I was at Jason Kelsey's, uh, fundraiser for the Eagles Autism Foundation just a few years ago. And it was like all football players just, you know, chopping it up. So I do miss it a lot. But, uh, you know, we're the best. The relationships with them now that you're no longer a player. Are there former players who are current players who you still in communication with? Yeah, absolutely. Got it. Got a lot of buddies. Yeah. I love watching my former teammates play. It is like one of my favorite things just to, uh, to continue to root them on. Yeah, absolutely. All right. Well, we will be sure to check out that app because it's very, very important. Yeah. What you're doing right now, former NFL player, Karna said, thank you so much for this guy. Thanks, Karna. It was such a pleasure. And happy Pride. Happy Pride. Happy Pride.