 And the world will be true at touching first. After a comeback win during the Paralympic swim trials this past week, Connecticut native Allie Truwood has just booked her ticket to represent Team USA. And those words might have sounded impossible a year ago. When I first got back in the last time I had heard the sound of water I was swimming from my life. Around this time last summer, just two days after receiving her diploma from Yale, the former member of the Yale swimming team and her former teammate Sophie took a trip to Turks and K-Cos. While they were snorkeling the scary thing we all have nightmares about actually happened. A shark swam nearby and started attacking. Pretty quickly it had my leg in its mouth and the next thing I knew it had bitten my foot and part of my leg off. And I just immediately started thinking, stay conscious, stay together, get to the boat. Allie fought back and swam 75 yards in open water using skills that she had been working on for most of her life. Knowing how to swim and the fact that both Sophie and I knew how to swim and swim well completely saved our lives. Once they got back in the boat, Sophie applied a tourniquet helping to save her friend's life. She was then airlifted to a hospital Miami where she underwent two life-saving surgeries. After that, Allie was taken to a hospital in New York where her leg below the knee was amputated on her 23rd birthday. I felt like I had lost a lot through this shark attack and I didn't want to also lose my love of the water. But after so much trauma, Allie still wanted to jump back in. She started training two to four hours in the water every day and then an hour of strength training after. I can't wait to join you guys in Paris. And now here we are a year later and Allie will be representing Team USA in the Paralympics. But if you ask her family, Allie will be representing so much more. It's really important to me and her brothers and her dad that she knows that we feel like she already won. So the Paralympics will kick off August 28th in Paris and by the way, during those trials you saw, Allie actually broke the American record in the 100 meter backstroke. She's pretty making history. I like this quote from her. She says, no matter the challenge, you can find the strength within yourself to achieve your goals. Beautiful. And she did not lose her love for the water. So impressive. Got more news next. Stay with us.