 And a victim's family speaking out after a shark attacked four people in their South Padre Island. Two people are hospitalized with injuries. The attack comes amid a new great white warning in the Northeast after multiple sightings of great white sharks off the coast of Cape Cod, Trevor Alterson, Rockaway Beach, New York, with the latest. Hey, Diane, you know it's beach season, but people have not been the only ones out swimming in shallow water. There have been many instances of shark sightings and even some dangerous shark bites. We do want to warn you some of the footage used in this report is graphic. Wildlife officials on alert after a flurry of shark activity in multiple locations. In South Texas, four people injured Thursday in the waters off South Padre Island, at least one man taken to the hospital. This image showing rescuers surrounding a victim within a parent shark bite to her leg. Rainer Cardenas says his son-in-law was severely bitten on the leg. I started swimming towards him and then he jumped up out of the water, saying shark, shark, shark, and that's when adrenaline kicked in. Cardenas carrying him to shore, saying his son-in-law is expected to be okay. The Texas Department of Public Safety capturing this footage of a shark swimming in the area around the time of the attack. The Game Warden saying they believe all those bites were from the same shark which escaped to open waters. Meantime in the Northeast, a new great white warning. Multiple sightings of great white sharks off the coast of Cape Cod. The amount of white sharks has definitely increased along the shore. In all my 50 years or so of fish spotting, I never saw white sharks that often. Pilot Wayne Davis monitoring great whites by air, photographing this shark from up above on Wednesday. According to the shark tracking app Shark Tivity, a 12-foot great white killed a seal and an eight-foot shark was reported by a paddle border last week. White sharks feed on seals. And so if you see lots of seals in the area, realize there could be a white shark that's targeting those seals. And already this summer in Florida, there's been multiple shark sightings and at least four attacks. One, latching onto the arm of this bowler near Jacksonville. And once you're at that beach, use caution. Don't go out too deep, stay shallow. Don't go in over your waist. And Diane here in New York, they've actually equipped the lifeguards with drones to keep an eye out for sharks and to keep an eye out for any swimmers that might encounter one and need some help. Diane. Trevor Alton, thank you.