 Our next guest is multi-talented singer actor perform. I mean you don't even need that much of an introduction. The multi-hyphen it. Frankie Grande. Woo! I'm going to show you recently producing starred in the Glad Nominated film Summoning Silly. I did. Wow. You're right. Thank you so much for having me and thank you, New York Pride, for having me. I mean, listen, this is the gayest event of the year, so I just manifest. They're really how it goes. Although I'm feeling really straight in these headphones. Like, are we? Anyhow. Thank you, Edda Jackson. Okay. 19-day-out. Yeah, true. Because I was like, are we like, like, someone's got the fumble, grab the soccer ball, kick it down the street. I don't know. Anyway. Hi, thanks for having me. Well, we love by the way that you said that you just had to like start performing right away on cue down there. Yeah, so it's very difficult to hear because the parade is so loud and so gay, you know, which makes us all... You don't know anything people. Yeah, which is fabulous, but I didn't know that it's very hard to figure out when to start the song. So all of a sudden the music around was like, and we're on. Good. I felt like Kristen Wig, you know, in the SNL. And one, two, and three, and I missed it. Oh well, we're gonna keep going anyway. Your outfit is truly the loudest and proudest outfit out there. No doubt. Thank you, my stylist, Mondo Melinda. I'm not really working. Thank you, sweetheart. Thank you. You know, it is, um, pride to me is just something where we get to... For me, I'm very fortunate. I get to live my truth loud and proud and very, very gay. 365, 24, 7. But for a lot of us, this is the month where we can dial it up, where we can really turn it to an 11 at our work. At places where necessarily wouldn't be acceptable every single day to walk in looking like this. But in June, we can, and so I turn it, where I'm usually at a 10, now I'm at a 10,000. And you know, one of the things that's so special about June for you, it's also when you celebrate seven years of sobriety. Yes, wow. Congratulations. That's amazing. And I know that you credit your family for giving you all of that love and support. I do. To make that happen. Yes, I do. And, you know, it's the greatest gift. Let me tell you something. If I was as much of a mess as I used to be, if this performance was six years ago, I don't know that I'd be hitting those A's, screaming up there at, you know, at 12, 15. I'd be like, I don't know, I can't do it. I'll wait for the evening show. So, like, having this pure vessel and knowing that it was a gift of necessity, right, I always say to anyone out there that's struggling. Like, I got to the point where it was either like, get clean or you're probably going to get dead. So, I told my family and they were obviously so supportive of me. And I will tell you that I'm so happy now. I'm married. I'm gay, married. I have a gay dog. I have a gay life. And it's all due to my sobriety. How did the dog come out? Oh, my God. I will. Basically, we have, we put a bow tie on her dog. And he chose the rainbow one. That's the gender fix. But you also have a gay podcast. Hot heart media. Does this murder make me look gay? Which is an excellent title. Title, right? What a good title. Is everything. It's actually, it's one of the funniest things I've ever been into my life. Ted Mallor, who also wrote red, white, and royal blue, wrote this, this gay, this queer fantasy of clue. Like, like a gay version of clue. And it's a murder mystery podcast. It has all sorts of wonderful Broadway royalty. And it, Michael, Yuri, Nathan Lee, Graham, Cheyenne, Jackson. Oh. And it's, it's very funny. And it's a murder mystery. So if you're ready for a gay old time, listen, you will, you will laugh out loud. I promise. You'll, you'll LOL. Frankie, I've known you for many, many years. I, what I love about you is you always have this energy about you. You're always pride, 24 or 7. Yeah. How do you know who you are? What would you want to tell to the youth that's watching today about Pride Month and any message you want to tell them? You know, you're beautiful just the way you are. You know, I, I, I, I, I feel like there was a couple of years ago where I was like, I don't need to tell the youth anything. They've got everything under control. And then as I'm watching our country continue to deteriorate and the, um, the fight that the LGBTQ plus community is currently engaged in being almost as strong as it was 30, 40 years ago, which is the same to me. Um, it means stay strong. Stay strong. Stay strong. Stand with your, with your community. We will have your back. We love you. And please, please vote. Please vote. Great. I love you. I love you so much. I'm so grateful to be here on this gay gay day. And thank you before you go, I have watched the wicked trailer. Oh, right. And I cried at each one. Like, you know, so tell me a little bit because you must be so proud of yourself. I'm so proud of her. You know, it's crazy like we were in the living room singing like spam a lot when we were kids. You know, she was the lady's late and I was singing. And going once in every show. There comes a time like this. And now she's going to. And I just, I've watched this journey. So I watched how hard she worked to be cast. So when she told me I was not surprised, but I was overjoyed for her. And I've seen a little bit here and there. And it just, I told her we're going to need an EMT and on standby when I see this. More for my mom. That's it. Oh, that's it. That's it. I would say my arm's sleeve with tattoos are all showtos. Yes. And if you look here, it says to buy gravity for Rick. Oh my god. That's so, I have been changed for good. Because I knew you. Yeah. And that's going to be really gay too. So get ready for it. 100%. Like it's so cool. I can't wait for your outfit to go through the movie. Oh, I got to get wait too. We got to start designing it. It's probably, it's probably going to be pink. Listen, I'm fully team Galinda now. We've crossed over to the other side. I think I probably was team alpha. And now I'm obviously team girl Galinda. And it's Galinda with a go. Yeah, exactly, exactly. Frankie Grande, thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.