 Welcome back. Concerns are growing in the Middle East of a widening war with a ran-backed Hezbollah threatening to retaliate against Cyprus now if it helps Israel attack Lebanon. The Hezbollah leader saying Cyprus would be quote, part of the war if it allowed Israel to use its airports and bases. Ports in Cyprus are being used to deliver aid to Gaza, but the U.S. ambassador to Cyprus is declining to say whether the country is also being used as a transit stop to send U.S. weapons to Israel. ABC's and S.D. La Cotera is there. Insipers now joins me with more and as you've been embedded with the U.S. military, tell us a bit of what you've seen so far. Hey Philly, yes. Today we got to visit the port of Larnaca here in Cyprus where members of the U.S. military and U.S. aid workers have been loading and inspecting the aid that is being sent to Gaza via C to the J. Lot spear that's been built off the coast of Gaza. Now it takes 14 hours for that aid to leave Cyprus and actually get to the pier. So it's a long journey and officials here recognize that it is by no means the most efficient way to get aid into Gaza. They say this is just meant to supplement the aid that should be getting in via land. When it comes to those land crossings though, we know that you know there have been a number of issues. One of them being the inspections that are holding up the trucks trying to get into Gaza. And today we did get to see for ourselves how those trucks are being inspected. So they have these massive scanners that the trucks actually drive through. And once they are clear, you have you know, aid workers, members of the military who then will spray paint a check mark on each individual pallet to indicate that it is good to go. So quite a complex operation. Unfortunately though, a lot of the aid that's being sent is ending up on beaches, kind of piling up on beaches because the distribution operations there have been suspended because of the security situation on the ground. And I will say it is unclear how long this maritime, you know, humanitarian corridor can go on for initially they had talked about wrapping it up by the end of July. There are now talks to possibly extended. And the Cypriot Foreign Minister today did make headlines somewhat in saying that officials are discussing next steps, next long-term steps to keep that aid flowing to Gaza. Bring us up to speed on why Hasbola is pointing to Cyprus here specifically. Yes, it's really interesting everything that's going on with Hasbola. It all kind of first came to a boiling point there with the Hasbola leader Nasserala last week saying that, you know, Cyprus would be considered part of the war if Cyprus were to aid Israel in attacking Lebanon. So I think that caught a lot of people here by surprise Cyprus has long tried to remain neutral. And Cyprus is part of the European Union. So should Cyprus get dragged into this conflict so with the EU. So that would certainly be a major turning point here. Cyprus, like I say, has long tried to remain neutral. They have been squarely focused, they say, on trying to get humanitarian aid into Gaza. But there have been reports that Cyprus is, you know, very closely aligned with Israel. They're in 2022, the IDF and members of the Cyprus military held joint exercises. And there have been reports lately that Cyprus is also being used as a transit point for US weapons to get to Israel. At this point, that is unconfirmed. But I did ask the US ambassador to Cyprus about those reports. She declined to comment. She would only talk about the need for de-escalation in the region. So still lots of questions there. But it's those types of questions that are going to heighten tensions and, you know, prompt Hasbola to then make these kinds of threats to Cyprus. All right. And as they look at Tara from Laernica Cyprus. And as thank you.