 President Biden is facing growing concerns about his age after his first debate with former president Trump in four years. Both men traded several jobs throughout the 90-minute debate. You're only pushing the stages of convicted fellowness, man, I'm looking at right now. But when he talks about a convicted fellow, his son is a convicted fellow. But the president struggled to answer questions at times trailing off. The idea that they're going to, I'm not going to hire from proposing that. Everybody, they pay, the millionaires pay 1%, 1%. So no one after, I've not raised the cost of security for anybody under $400,000. Trump, meanwhile, appeared forceful while also launching a series of lies and misleading attacks. Now, key figures from across the Democratic Party are talking about potentially replacing Biden on the ticket. A. B. S. Newt's Senior Congressional Corresponder Rachel Scott has the highlights. Panic and Concerned within the Democratic Party, after this debate performance from President Biden. Making sure that we're able to make every single solitary person eligible for what I've been able to do with the COVID, excuse me, with dealing with everything we have to do with, look, if we finally beat Medicare. From the start of the debate, the president speaking with a raspy voice at times stumbling and trailing off, unable to finish his thought, even on the issues at the heart of his campaign, like abortion rights. I support Roe V Wade, which had three trimesters. The first time is between the woman and the doctor. The second time is between the doctor and an extreme situation. The third time is between the doctor, I mean, between the woman and the state. The Biden campaign telling reporters the president, who is 81 years old, had a cold, something they did not mention until an hour into the debate, trump questioning Biden's mental fitness. I really don't know what he said at the end of that sentence. I don't think he knows what he said either. It was the first time the two candidates have come face to face in four years. He's without question the worst president, the worst presidency in the history of our country. You're the sucker. You're the loser. And so, immediately, the attacks turning personal. The only person in the stage is a convicted felonist, man. I'm looking at right now when he talks about a convicted felon, his son is a convicted felon that clearly didn't sit well with Biden delivering his most direct attack yet on some of the allegations surrounding Trump. The crimes that you are still charged with and think of all the civil penalties you have. How many billions of dollars do you own, civil penalties for molesting a woman of public, or doing a whole range of things of having sex with a porn star on the night, while your wife was pregnant? What are you talking about? You have the morals on an alley cat. And Biden going after Trump for his actions on January 6th and his promise to pardon the rioters who storm the Capitol. He did do a damn thing and these people should be in jail and they should be the ones are being held accountable. And he wants to let them all out. And now he says that he loses again such a whiner than he is that there could be a blood bat. Thank you, President Biden. President Trump. Well, they've done to some people that are so innocent, you ought to be ashamed of yourself. But when pressed on his actions, Trump deflected and he would not say whether he would accept the result of the November election. If it's a fair and legal and good election, absolutely. I would have much rather accepted these, but the fraud and everything else was ridiculous. Trump pushed several false claims from insisting there was no terror during his administration to claiming that every legal scholar in the world supported overturning Roe versus Wade. Every legal scholar wanted it that way. At one point, the two oldest candidates in history bickering over their golf game. I told you before I'm happy to play golf if you carry your own bag. Think you can do it? What's the biggest lie that he's a six handicap of all? I was a eight handicap. Yeah. Eight. Never. But I have, you know, I'm a good, I've seen this way, I know you swing. Let's see if you can do it. And while Biden tried to address his age head on, this guy's three years younger and a lot less competent, I think that just look at the record, look at what I've done, look I've turned around. The most consequential nine of the campaign ended with only more questions. And his own vice president acknowledging he had a rough go. Listen, he did not get up to a strong start in that debate, but hit a strong finish. And I want to bring in a new senior congressional correspondent Rachel Scott for more. Rachel, how are Democrats responding this morning to these concerns over the president's fitness to take on former president Trump in November? A lot of these conversations are playing out privately, but Diane, I can tell you that I was getting texts from a number of different Democrats, not only on Capitol Hill, Democratic operatives and AIDS, who said that this is far more than just concern that there is actual panic that is happening in the Democratic Party right now because they saw this as not just any debate. They saw this as a moment for the president to come forward and to put these questions about his age and mental fitness to rest. This was not the debate performance that they needed heading into this critical election that is now just four months away. And now privately, there are some actual questions about whether or not it is likely that they could possibly replace president Biden on the ticket or even just having some talks about what that would even look like, Diane. That is unprecedented this far along into a general election cycle. Rachel, how hard would it be at this point to replace president Biden on a Democratic ticket if that is what the party decides to do? Extremely hard, but not impossible by some Democratic standards. They would have to have some sort of open nominating process possibly on the convention floor when the DNC does meet in just a number of weeks here. And so now this has really accelerated these talks and conversations. And publicly, you are hearing a lot of top Democrats stand by president Biden. They say this is our nominee. We are going to back him heading into November, but privately, these discussions are playing out where they are in fact asking themselves if Donald Trump is such a risk to democracy. Is this the candidate that can beat him in November? Now the president is trying to measure and dismantle a lot of those concerns. He was asked if he had any concerns about his debate performance. He said no, the Biden campaign continues to insist that this election is not going to be won by just one debate or one rally day end. You're a senior congressional correspondent Rachel Scott in Atlanta. Thank you.