 Pollywood is buzzing about last night's 24th annual BET awards. Stars hit the blue carpet with tons of eye-popping fashion, and Usher's appearance has social media going wild. So let's break down the night's best looks and most memorable moments with A.B. News contributor and radio personality, DJ Megan Wright, and Beyonce's go-to stylist, K.J. Moody, both joining from LA. Thanks. Thank you both for being on, Megan. We have to start with Usher. What? What was that? OK, so much what's happening, but before I even get into kind of like, you know, everything that was going down, I just want to say big congratulations. Obviously goes out to Usher. You know, he had a crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy year, you know, going from, let's see, Vegas to the Super Bowl to announcing the tour and then winning the lifetime achievement award. Now, depending if you were in the audience or if you were watching on TV, things were going down differently. And then I'm here in the West Coast, me and K.J. are over here. So we're seeing everything three hours later. So I'm talking to Super Producer extraordinaire, a geneta over at A.B.C. And she's giving me the heads up on what's happening and saying, basically, as people were watching, they couldn't hear most of Usher's speech. He did a 12-minute long speech and only about four minutes of it was audible. And so, of course, the jokes start flying online. You know, also some people saying was Usher saying some things that were controversial. But if you've watched the BET awards over the years, you know that they get really sensitive with the sensor button. I don't know who's in charge of that, but I feel like they need to fix it because when I went back and watched people who were actually there, Usher had some very, very important things to say. And it's really kind of sad that we didn't get to hear him talk about, you know, his career. Him talk about, you know, the changes he's making with his family. Also, to talk about, you know, his father and some of the struggles. And, you know, just would have been a really great moment. So hopefully, you know, BET will get it together because, again, two different sides. He did curse a little bit, but, you know, when I sat back and watched the full speech, again, from people who were there, it's really a shame that we didn't get to see it. Because it came across almost like a ranch, like it wasn't planned. It was disjointed because there was so much of it broken up. And you're saying that was because of the sensor button, not because it actually was that kind of a speech. Right. Because when you're watching it on mute, you're kind of seeing him point around. You're seeing him look back and you're like, what is he actually saying? But if you were in the audience, he kind of started, you know, and was like, look, you know, I didn't really write anything down, but then went on for 12 minutes, you know, flawlessly. And again, if you're watching this on mute, you're like, okay, he needs to wrap it up. What is he saying? What is going on? But again, that is not what was happening. If you get a chance to find, you know, somebody that was in the audience, and be able to check out, like, their clips from their phone, it was a really, really great speech. Interesting. Okay, Jay, what were your favorite looks from the blue carpet last night? I know there are many, we're going to try to narrow them down. There were so many good, so many great, great, great moments. But last night was really a Versace night from Thailand to Ice Spice to Victoria Monet to Usher. They were all in Versace. My favorite though had to be Victoria Monet. When she removed the skirt and it turned into a sexy mini dress, when she accepted one of her awards, I loved it. And Megan, what about performances? There are so many highlights on that front, but what stood out to you? Oh, man, so much went down. I have to start off, you know, opening with Terajee Peehenson. Diana, I don't know if you've ever done karaoke, but it is harder than it looks to perform an entire rap song. And Terajee Peehenson opened up a look at her. I mean, she's doing Kendrick Lamar. She is doing a parody of not like us. She changed the lyrics. So she went from a full-blown performance, you know, taking her inner, you know, actor skills and really selling it to then starting off hosting the show. And I know I couldn't do it. It couldn't do it again after doing karaoke for like five minutes. I feel like I was going to faint. Like it's really, really hard. OK, one, I think we're all doing karaoke now. And two, I also loved it because it's just so different from what we're used to seeing from Terajee Peehenson. It was just such a different side to her. Such a great way to kick off the night. I love it. I love it. And also, I love how they always flash back to Terajee Peehenson. Whenever Terajee is on BET and Tires is there, because of the classic baby boy moments, we get to see that. Also, of course, usher, you know, we talked about his speech, but his tribute was crazy as well. I have a whole list of performers. Like there's so many people hit the stage to honor him from Chaudish Gambino to Kiki Palmer, Summer Walker, Martian Brocis, Chloe Bailey Tnache, yet Tiana Taylor, Victoria Monet, and Lato. And look, tributes are really, really hard, right? No matter who you are doing a tribute to, people are going to have stuff to say, especially because, now, you know, you can get online, social media, you're commenting in real time, which I feel like we missed out on family TV time, because we're on, you know, in LA. So you're never going to make everybody happy with these tributes, but to me, what's important is the artists are doing their thing and kind of doing their rendition of who they're attributing. So I, again, I liked it. I liked it. KJ, what about the fashion trends? Was there anything new from last night? That you're thinking we're going to see a lot more of this going forward? Yes, men wearing broaches and appliqués on their suits. There was a lot of that last night from babyface, he had a flower applique on his dolce suit. Tisha Boose had an applique attached to his blazer. I think that's a safe way for men to kind of step out and stand out, but also still not feel like they're doing too much. A little flare, a little flare. And Megan, Will Smith took this stage last night with a new song. Is this a comeback? Yeah, okay, so this is where, you know, when he came out on stage, you know, he said something. He said, I don't know who needs to hear this right now, but whatever's going on in your life right now, I'm here to tell you that you can make it. And a lot of people are obviously assuming, you know, what happened at the Oscars two years ago. It's crazy that it's been two years already. So he took us to church with this performance. He was backed up by RBC or Friday. And of course, the Sunday service choir. And then Kirk Franklin even came out. You know, so it was just like to me, a really great moment again to see Will Smith. This was his debut performance at the B.E.T. Awards. And again, his first time out in an award show since the Oscars. All right, Megan Wright, KJ Moody. Thank you both.