 First Buzz is growing about the new movie Amazon set to release on the 4th of July. The film's space cadets starring Emma Roberts and Tom Hopper tells the tale of an overly ambitious astronaut wannabe. You have been selected for astronaut training. Are you serious? Well, yes. We were all quite intrigued by your unconventional approach to a life in science. ABC's Wilgan spoke with Tom Hopper about the comedy set to launch in just two days. Congratulations on space cadet. I watched it last night. So much fun. It's so funny. So sweet, so cute. And you're joining us now from outer space. It looks like really committed to this film. Yeah. That's right. Yes. From my space center. It's quite a bit of a loan, so I welcome the chat. Yeah, hopefully the gravity thing won't be an issue here. But I want to talk to you a little bit about your character, Logan, who is a NASA program director. But aeronautics sort of runs in your family in real life. Were you able to ask your parents or your brother about some advice for this role? Well, my dad was in the Royal Air Force and so was my mum and then my brother became a commercial airline pilot. I had aspirations to do the same, but I decided I would pretend to do that for a living rather than actually do it. The movie is just so wonderful. Your character, Logan, we see him there. He's been described as a dorkable. What was it like for you kind of leaning into the dorkier side of yourself, the more comedic side of your acting talents? What was it like to play this character? Yeah, it was good for me. That's a side of my acting that I've, you know, had a few opportunities to tap into with like the umbrella academy. I get a few opportunities to do that. But it's a side of me though, like to bring out occasionally. So it's a closer to me at home. You know, like these darker roles that I play is not so similar to me. But, you know, I also wanted to do something that my kids would be able to watch and I don't have to worry about them seeing some blood or gore in the next scene, you know. No blood or gore in this. Instead swapping the blood and gore for some really, really amazing co-stars. Emma Roberts, Gabrielle Union. What was it like sharing the set with those stars? Yeah, really great. I mean, both Gavin and Emma were real team players. And, you know, we had great chemistry, fortunately. And you never know what you're just going to be like when you go into these movies. And fortunately, yeah, we had a great time. And we had, you know, me and Gab had lots of fun to be had, you know, getting to improv together. And Lizard Direct was very encouraging of that. So we had a great time. What was it like in Provin with veterans, like Gabrielle Union? I mean, I have to imagine maybe on a set like Game of Thrones, there isn't that much room for improvisation. Was it fun to flex those muscles in this movie? Yeah, well, I mean, unfortunately enough we get to do that on an umbrella academy quite a bit. And so it's always fun to get to do it with new people and see how people tick, you know. So, yeah, Game of Thrones is not that for sure. Game of Thrones is much more, right? The comma is here and the full stop is there, you know, so, like, it's slightly different. Another big difference I have to imagine is getting to sing karaoke with your co-stars. That was my favorite movie. And that was my favorite scene in this movie. Was that really you singing? And part two of this question, what is your go-to karaoke song in real life? Yes, unfortunately, that was me singing. And my go-to karaoke song, usually what I start the night with is tribute by Tanasius D. It's my number one. Wow, also fans are trying to figure out whether or not you would be up for playing James Bond, should that opportunity come your way? Have you given it any thought? I've not given any thought. Yeah, that question gets thrown around most British actors, I think. So, I'll wait for the call from the broccoli's. All right, we'll be waiting for it too. By the way, those fans online that I'm talking about, everyone's all for it. So, yeah, we'll see what happens there. Congratulations on SpaceKid. I love how you mentioned that this is exactly the type of movie that we need right now. And I think you're right, right, right on track there. So much fun, so sweet. Tom Hopper, thank you so much for being here. Thank you so much, man. Appreciate it. All right, thanks to Tom and we'll gans for that SpaceKidette will premiere globally on Prime Video July 4th.