 Together with the Biden-Harris Administration, we'll continue to increase economic opportunity in every zip code and deliver for working families. Vice Chair Liu. Thank you, Chair Aguilar. Donald Trump campaigned on overturning Roe vs. Wade. Trump then appointed extreme mega-justices who lied to the Senate and then proceeded to overturn Roe vs. Wade. And then Trump bragged about overturning Roe vs. Wade. Now Trump is trying to run away from that, but he can't. Why? Because in fact Roe vs. Wade was overturned. That's a thing. That's a fact. And millions of women have now lost rights. We also know that with Project 2025, this creepy document written by Trump's closest advisors and confidants, that they want to ban abortion nationwide. Project 2025 also wants to eliminate the Department of Education. And it wants to eliminate the National Weather Service. I mean, you're not going to get acuether forecasts anymore. You just can get stupid weather forecasts. I mean, this document is creepy. It's a takeover of the American Forum and government. And it's a collection of extreme mega ideas that's going to ruin our way of life. That is what is at stake this November. Questions? Michael? Thank you so much. It covers me, Cohen, earlier told a couple of us outside of the digital theme that it's not even an issue of Democrats being on the same page. They're not even in the same book. So these discussions that you're having, are they constructive or destructive? And as leaders at what point do you put your foot down and button this up? The president has been clear he's staying in the breaks. I think anytime we can gather together as members and house leadership can hear from members. I think it's constructive. It always is. I learn more from my house democratic colleagues each and every day about their values, about their districts. And that's what this has been about. This has not been an exercise to hear each other talk. This has been an exercise to genuinely listen to people. And to bring a perspective to the table, but to listen to each other and to have that grace that goes along with that. So that's what this has been about. Every conversation we have had has been helpful. Our job is leaders, the vice chair and I and everyone in the caucus is to take this in and to help in any way we can, leader Jeffries, guide this caucus. That's what our efforts have been about and that's what our efforts will continue to be about. From whether that was discussions about vacating the chair to the debt crisis that Republicans started time and time again, we have been focused on listening to our members and that's what we have done over the past week and a half. Rebecca. No. Martha? Hi, this is Martha from the United States. You have here an adgenistic report but what's the strategy that you are willing to implement and the changes that you are willing to make in order to convince your own people on the American terms that buy into your desk. Some of that is campaign strategies and tactics. House Democratic caucus leadership is asking their members to do. Our members is to talk about the importance of preventing Donald Trump from ever setting foot in the White House. I don't want Donald Trump on the public tour of the White House. Many of us served when Donald Trump was here. We know the chaos that reigns from that and we know what we have been able to do together. The Biden-Harris administration, 15 million jobs created, getting us through the pandemic, shots and arms, money in people's pockets, bipartisan infrastructure bill, these are things that we can do together and that's what we have been focused on. While we chart this path ahead, while the politics of the day continues on to November, House Democrats are very confident in the agenda that we have been a part of for the past few years and now it's implementing that agenda. Thank you. Chad. Thank you so much. You say you are clear-eyed when it comes to making sure that Donald Trump is not going to be the White House and that's consistent with all Democrats. But it doesn't seem that everyone is clear-eyed about the future of this press. Can you address and characterize what those concerns are and attribute how you do get everybody on the same page? You know, our caucus meeting today was about listening to members. There was no instruction to get on the same page. We were talking about the importance, the twin goals that we have, preventing Donald Trump from ever setting foot of the White House and getting 218 votes for Hakeem Jeffries on January 3rd. That is the focus of House Democrats. You have heard us say before that unity is something that is so helpful to us. And unity is not the same as unity. House Democrats bring different thoughts and ideas and viewpoints each and every day to this House chamber. We learn from that. We accept that. We accept each member's perspective. And our focus is to be unified and we are unified that Donald Trump cannot win and we are unified that Hakeem Jeffries needs to be speaker to help the American public. It's more about Trump than not so much about Biden. Is that the issue here that you guys are talking consistently about former President Trump and not advocating for President Biden? He is the guy who asked to beat Donald Trump. Right now, President Biden is the nominee and we support the Democratic nominee that will be Donald Trump. That is the fact. That is where we are. And preventing Donald Trump from a disastrous reign where he can level Project 2025 where he can deport kids from families apart. That's what we want to prevent here. And that is the focus in addition to ensuring that Hakeem Jeffries is a speaker. Nick. There is a number of Democrats and party who want President Biden to come to speak to the caucus directly to put their concerns at rest. Should President Biden come and address the caucus? That's up to the President and his team. I can't speak to that. Our job today was to convene House Democratic Caucus to hear different viewpoints, different ideas, and to be unified behind that message of ensuring that we do everything we can to win this November. The Robert Curl report, the Republicans have continually asked for the audio of this report to be released because they want to make sure that the President presented himself in a coherent manner and Democrats have said that this was conspiracy theory because he obviously has far too work as long as he did to present himself in a coherent way. What are your thoughts on that now considering what you've seen with the debate in the subsequent fallout? I'll defer to the Vice Chair here too, but this is very clear. Republicans campaigned and have promised to impeach Joe Biden. They were unable to impeach Joe Biden, and so now they will do anything they can to distract away from their own reckless agenda. That is who they are. That is all this effort is about. We see that continue. We see House Republican leadership seemingly not supportive of this lunar resolution, but she may offer it because it just shows how extreme House Republicans are. For her was appointed by Donald Trump. He is a Republican, and he has said that the written transcript is an accurate rendition of the audio transcript. You can just read it. Transcript is fine. You know what written transcripts are really crazy and over here. Look at Donald Trump's transcripts from his rallies. He says crazy stuff, all sorts of radical stuff, and incoherent thoughts, incoherent messaging. He talks about sharks and being on a boat and the boat sings and there's electric batteries on the boat, so you get electrocuted. It's bizarre stuff. You should look at Donald Trump's written transcripts from his rallies, and you'll see that Donald Trump is not fit for office. But you don't think it's an audio speaker release at all. What's the letter of the... The Republican Special Counselor said the written transcript is an accurate rendition of the audio transcript. It's not like they're making up paragraphs that weren't said or rewarding paragraphs. He said this is an accurate rendition of the... He's a prosecutor because he said that he was essentially a feeble old man who wouldn't be able to defense the court. Robert Herr is not a doctor, and either are you. But you know what? Look at Donald Trump's transcripts, and then let's have a conversation about the crazy things Donald Trump says. So why don't you ever ask about that? Michael. The congressional black caucus has been unified around the president since the debate fallout. Obviously, as the chair of the caucus, you understand how influential this block is. Can you just speak about the role that the black caucus has played in this particular issue? And for Americans who may not be familiar with the history of the caucus, what it means to use to have that block in the caucus that you're chair? You know, it's important for all of us. The strength and resiliency of the congressional black caucus, how they advocate for their communities, how they advocate for Americans is something that I appreciated and thankful for and thankful historically to the work that they have done and that they have led on so many issues. But the black caucus is more than just one issue. It's like the Hispanic caucus is more than just one issue. These are individuals who have built tenure in this dome advocating for working families and advocating for the rights and the struggles of people who have been marginalized in their communities. And so when they speak, the House Democratic caucus listens. I listen, the vice chair listens, the leadership team listens. We listen to every member, though. And I'll tell you, we had members from every single caucus imaginable speak to us today. And each of us had conversations with dozens and dozens of members across the political spectrum to better understand their districts, to better understand where they are, to better understand the struggles of people in their communities and what they face. And we're going to continue to do that along the way. Thank you, Mayor. Is the door now closed for a small panel line at the top of the ticket? Is that conversation in there? You know, I've told you that I'm supporting the Democratic ticket. The Biden-Harris Administration has been phenomenal to work with for those of us who have been privileged enough to serve under multiple presidencies. The work that they have done and continue to do to put working families first above special interests has been amazing. And we look forward to continuing that work. Go ahead. Thank you, Congressman. Impressive invite, Mr. Lacko, to your caucus on Monday, he wrote that Democrats would be the ones to bring real Supreme Court reform if they win in November. Now any reforms to the court would have to go through Congress. What reforms will Democrats bring to the Supreme Court if they win in November? Secondly, on Project 2025, if Trump wins, do you think that the Biden administration is doing enough to protect progressive regulations from being overdone by a Trump administration according to Project 2025's plans, as you've said, and if not, what do they need to be doing? Well, we hope Donald Trump never gets close to the White House again so that when it comes to plans and getting in place, our plan is to win and to prevent Donald Trump from ever setting foot in the White House to carry on Project 2025, which would mean a national abortion ban and defunding the FBI and ending marriage equality. The list goes on and on. With respect to your first question, it is incredibly clear that this is a runaway Supreme Court that does not feel that they have a check. They want an imperial presidency under Donald Trump. They are not guided by the ethics standards that other judges are. I think we can start there that has been a discussion among both sides of the Capitol Dome. Let's start there. And if there are other reforms that are worthy of consideration, we should debate them as we debate a variety of issues when it comes to keeping government safe and ensuring that we have a functioning democracy. The first thing that's going to happen when we flip the House and hold the Senate is going to send the bill to codify Rovers' way to President Biden. He's going to sign it. That's the difference. That's what's at stake this election. Donald Trump would veto such a bill because Donald Trump caused Rovers' way to be overturned. We're also going to fix what the Supreme Court did when they overruled precedent for no good reason in what was known as Chevron case. The Supreme Court has now essentially said that, hey, judges are better than the technical experts at agencies in looking at congressional statutes. Well guess what? Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch wrote an entire opinion where he confused laughing gas with another kind of gas. No, judges are not better than technical experts at federal agencies. Who do these justices think they are? Do they really know biology and science and chemistry and all the things that experts need to know? No, they do not. This was a power grab for the conservative Supreme Court and we're going to fix that if we flip the House, hold the Senate, and we keep Donald Trump out of the White House. What is standing the court? Let's go. Thank you very much. What do constituents in North District say, what have you heard in phone calls to your office, emails, personal conversations? People in San Bernardino and Redlands and those communities that you represent. What have you heard? Do they want President Biden to stay on the ticket? Do they want somebody else? Thanks for name checking the hometowns. Always appreciate it. Look, I think by and large what you have heard me communicate is not only as a leadership member within the caucus but as someone from those communities, from San Bernardino County. We also have the benefit of Vice Chair and I of being from California. California is no friend of Donald Trump when it comes to politics and ideas. I benefit from having independence. We call them decline to state voters in California who register. It's the fastest growing political party in the state is decline to state. I've got a lot of those folks who are supporters and friends. Overwhelmingly, they want to prevent Donald Trump from being in the White House. That's what I hear. We hear other things too. We hear theories and cases and of course that's fine. But when it comes back to it and I remind people that my focus is a leader here is to ensure that Hakeem Jeffries becomes speaker. Overwhelmingly people say, oh yeah, of course. We have to do that. The region, the state, the country will be better with Democrats holding gavils. I'm just convinced of that. And convinced of the work product that we are able to do together because of our proven track record when we are guiding these committees, what we can do, the bills that we can put in front of the president, how we can help people. That's overwhelmingly what we hear. Of course we hear different theories and different ideas about the top of the ticket. But overwhelmingly that's where people come down to. Like Jimmy Agar said, we hear a lot from our constituents at different issues. But something I've heard that doesn't seem to be being covered are the Epstein files. These files were released. And like Donald Trump sort of all over this, right? There are pictures of him with Jeffery Epstein. He's taking multiple plane flights with Epstein with young girls on board. He isn't call logs with Epstein. One of the highest training hashtags on Twitter right now is about Trump and Epstein. I'm not going to repeat the hashtag because we're in a dignified setting. Yeah, you might want to look at that because that's highly disturbing. And again, it shows that Donald Trump is unfit for office. And by the way, he was convicted in a civilian court for sexual assault, convicted in a separate court of 34 felonies. Donald Trump should drop out of the race. I had a little look on the phone. So, you've spoken at length about the need to not only put the House, but secure the speakers for representative Jeff Reyes. What do you say to candidates in vulnerable districts in close races who are concerned that these issues with Biden's health, with his ability to withstand the rigors of the campaign, may depress voter turnout and not only harm the general election, but Democrats ability to maintain control in the Senate and flip the House. Yeah, I'm not going to get into, you know, campaign tactics and all the private conversations I have with candidates running. What I can tell you that I relate is running. Vice-Chairn, I both got elected in 2014. I flipped a Republican held seat in a really rough year in 2014. I share with them my story. I share with them what was happening at the top of the ticket, what was happening in the country at the time. And I try to encourage them to just continue to press ahead and that this is incredibly important. And that what they are doing, the job they are doing, campaigning, sacrificing further families, giving up things, you know, those are things that aren't lost on any of us. And it will make it, when they win, it will make it sweeter. It will make it better because of the work that we're going to do together, because day one we can pass a bill to codify road, because we can help address the runaway Supreme Court, because we can help working families. Those are the things that matter to the candidates that I've been talking to last one. I was going to ask with eight Democrats, about a couple of people in the president's head, John's and the Racer, said so as much to their colleagues, two who are openly saying that Trump will win the election, and scores I can hear and two are in a program that's in a certain kind of conversation with the Democrat, that's publicly supporting the president, that's privately extremely concerned. Is he doing enough to assuage concerns among the caucus about his ability to win against Trump in November? I think this is the president has said to himself that he's going to be out there, right? This is about campaigning and hustling. My answer is, we'll see. Let's see the press conference. Let's see the campaign stops. Let's see all of this, because all of it is going to be necessary. The president knows that he did not have a good debate performance. He knows that he has to be out there in people's districts, out in the communities, out in these tough states. He knows that, and that's what we'll see in the days and weeks ahead. Thank you so much.