 Their sour, tangy, briny and on trend. Pickles are one of the hottest foods of the summer and ABCs will gant us all the pickle puns ready to explain why. It's pickle girl summer. From unleashing your inner Peter Piper and packing a pickle party platter to pickling out your outfit for the day. Pickle girl summer because this color is just fantastic. And the biggest deal of all, the viral pickle sandwich. Did you know that you can get a sub on a pickle? Just take a second and look at this. Last word I needed in life. This is what pickle media is about. The pickle sandwich. For seven brothers gourmet in Oceanside, New York, the trend has pickle people lining up around the block. There's two lines when you go inside, one for just the pickle sandwich and then one for like everything else. We used to order one pill of pickles a week. Last week we ordered seven details and we went through them. So we've been averaging about 10 pills a day. So that's like about 500 pickled sandwiches. For any pickle peeps who want to try the DIY viral sandwich on their own. You just need a decent sized pickle. You want to pour out a decent amount of it too. So you have the room on the inside. So if you want to make a pickle sandwich at home, honey turkey is probably the best cold cut to put on the pickle sandwich because it has that sweet taste. And then you want to definitely put bacon on it. You do want to put the dressing on the side. So it's not too messy. Welcome to the kitchen. And you know I'm always gurgin hard to keep up with the latest trends. It's so juicy. Honestly, I feel like I should be wearing like some sort of rain poncho for this. But does it beat the bread? I had to see if other people thought they were a big deal. How's your really good? Honestly, not bad. Uh-uh. I have different opinions. Picklegirls suffer! My top three tips for any pickle peeps wanting to make the sandwich on their own number one. However juicy you think it's going to be, it's juicier. Making it is juicy, transporting it is juicy and biting into it is very juicy. Number two, the feedback from my friends. Consider ditching the cheese without the bread the cheese can make for a weird consistency along with the pickle. And number three, the crispier, the bacon, the better. Rules to live by Diane. I mean, really on anything. Well, Gens, thank you, friend.