 The new rip current risk at beaches across the country as so many head to the water for the 4th of July. Hurricane barrel is sparking rip current concerns from Texas to Florida. Sam of course is tracking where those alerts are. We're going to talk to you in just a moment, Sam. But first, Matt Gutman shows you what to do if you get caught in a rip current. Look at this. I'm with the Huntington Beach Fire Department in search of what triggers more water rescues than any other shoreline hazard. Rip currents. Powerful enough to pull a champion swimmer out to sea and from the sky they can look almost otherworldly. That's foam and churned up sand being sucked out to the ocean. But rips can be deceiving. From an elevated spot on the beach, Noah experts advise also looking for this. Dark flat areas where the waves aren't breaking. Those might look safe to swim in because that is what looks most calm. That's actually the presence of a rip current. But they're not always this obvious so don't just rely on your eyes. Just talk to the lifeguard and they'll point them out to you. They'll point out all the dangers and where's the safe spot to swim. And if you're caught in one, it's critical to know what to do. And hope there's a lifeguard nearby. Earn John's and her dad Derrick nearly drowned in a rip current in Antarctica in 2015. And he was all captured by a selfie stick that was wrapped around Aaron's wrist. I use all my energy and I could not swim against that current. I didn't know what to do. Even Derrick, a former Marine, collapsing on the beach after being rescued, he was exhausted and just seconds from the unthinkable. I had no energy or life left in me at that point. It was the most terrifying thing I ever experienced. But 15 year old Matthew Coker wasn't as lucky. He drowned in a rip current in Lake Michigan while swimming with friends. Matt was a good swimmer. We are more pool people. We don't go to the beach that often. There were knee deep. Matt didn't know anything about red flag warnings. Rip currents. We need to understand that even though you know how to swim, you still could become a drowning victim. With that in mind, back in hunting the beach, I jump in. One of the most common mistakes is trying to swim right back to shore by swimming against the current. The rip current is it's moving. That's fast as an Olympic swimmer. So let's your Michael Falfe, probably not going to beat him. You're basically swimming against this treadmill and you're probably not even making progress as short as you're actually going backwards. The waves are crashing over your head. They start to exhaust yourself. And that's when it's harder to stay above water. Instead, experts say the first thing to do is flip and float. This will help keep you calm and it's critical since they say the first stage of drowning is panic. Take a breath. This is when you have the time and capacity to start thinking about your next move. The next move, swimming parallel to shore. Following the direction of the coastline until you feel that rip, stop pulling or in my case when you're clearly out of that brown foamy water, then swimming at an angle back to shore. And if you can't get out, it may mean you're caught in a rotating current like this. In that case, just flip, float and signal for help. Rip currents can take you out. They're not going to take you down. So you're going to be okay if you just float. For good morning America, Matt Guttman, Hauteed and Beach, California. It's just so important to stay calm and swim parallel to shore to get out of it. Let's bring sand back in because you and I know these rip currents. I know you're following where they are right now. We are. And the flippin' float thing, I really, really like because it gets your head out of the water and it's so calming. It really is. It lets you make all the other decisions. So heat's going to drive a lot of people to the water, not only along the Gulf Coast, but on the East Coast as well. And you know the same thing that's going on right now that's driving barrel is this big area of high pressure. So as barrel moves in to the Gulf, that means when water's rushing to the shoreline, it's also rushing away from the shoreline. That means we've got some life threatening rip currents all the way from the Texas coast, well through New Orleans all the way through that Florida coastline. Now usually the Gulf Coast is very calm weather and water and we say it's great for kids, but I just want you to watch it carefully. On the Eastern Seaboard you can see we've got moderate high and low areas. This is why when you're vacationing, I don't like you swimming at a beach that doesn't have a lifeguard that is a strange beach to you. Please find a lifeguard and treat them like you're concierge to the beach. Walk up to them, ask them. Where's the rip current? How's the water today? Have there been any sea life, marine life in the water today? They'll tell you, they'll guide you where to go. It's one of the reasons why I say if you're vacationing someplace, make sure you have a lifeguard. Talk to them. Shout out to the lifeguard on this July 4, Sam. Great advice. Appreciate it.