 Let's turn to the weather. Hurricane Barrel is now massive and it is on the move, closing in on the Caribbean. The dangerous category for storm is expected to make landfall in the Windward Islands. Over the weekend, Barrel went from a tropical depression to a major category for hurricane and just 48 hours becoming the earliest category for hurricane on record for the Atlantic. Life-threatening and potentially catastrophic wind, waves and storm surge are already hitting islands. Heavy rain and flash flooding are also a major threat. Hurricane warnings are now in effect for Barbados, St. Lucia, Tobago and St. Vincent and the Grenadines, government officials in the Caribbean are telling people to take shelter from the storm. I think that I am well prepared, but just getting a few more candidates in terms of the host preparation and things like that. I have my water bottle water and collected water. Let's bring in Crystal Balmania. He is a disaster manager expert and Dan Brown. He is a senior hurricane specialist with the National Hurricane Center. Thank you both for being here. I want to go to first. What preparations look like? What do you see ahead of the storm and what kind of preparations are underway? I mean, we're in the holidays, so I'm just raising the storm. What we're seeing before the national agencies that they've been sharing information to the public constantly on how to prepare, on how to look for shelter. The last news is that the hurricane has hit already Carrico, which is in the northern side of Grenada. It's another island and the Prime Minister has just announced that there's extreme damage on the island and probably also in Pitynik, which is also another island on the northern side of Grenada. I mean, in Grenada, it's a judge now. The hurricane is still passing here, but we see that there's a lot of preparedness on people on sheltering and taking the measures before hand. But we're still looking to see how this develops because we have some hours to Grenada to see what will be the final impacts. Can you give us a picture, Kirste Balles, about what some of those conditions look like? And how rare is it to be experiencing a storm like this at this time of year? As well, as you said, this is the first get-for in June that we have in the region and the conditions now have a very strong winds and heavy rains. And they're increasing. We've seen from 8 in the morning till now. Now it's 1 pm here. And we are in the peak time. And I'm actually just seeing outside of my window when seeing the very strong, strong winds and also some palm trees just going, breaking the branch in the future. So it's a complex situation now. But we still have electricity. I still have internet. So things are in that path so far here. And we hope that you and so many others are staying safe. Dan, can you give us a sense of the timing and the track of this storm? What does it look like and the path that it will take? Sure. We look at a satellite picture right here. We can see that eye. It's been moving across the southern windward islands. It is producing catastrophic winds in Caracou and also parts of Grenada. We've recently had a report of wind gusts of 92 miles power gusts to 121 miles power. They're on Grenada. So it is going to continue moving through for the next several hours. As we look further down on the forecast track, it looks like this storm was going to pass across much of the central and west of Caribbean over the next several days, passing near Jamaica on Wednesday and then could threaten parts of the UK and in financial or Belize as we get toward Friday in the end of the week. Well, 120 mile hour winds. That is powerful. Dan, can you give us a little bit of a sense of if and how climate change can be contributing to this? Is there an impact that that is having on this being such a rare storm this time of year and so powerful too? Yeah, right now we're really focusing on the impacts of those islands, but we have seen record warm sea surface temperatures across the parts of the tropical Atlantic, which likely contributed to this storm's formation and intensification. And it is one of the earliest category for on record that we've ever seen. One to keep watching. We appreciate both of you being here. Chris Abamania and Dan Brown. Thank you so much.