 Researchers say climate change is likely having a significant impact on what's expected to be the busiest hurricane season in the Atlantic on record. Senior Research Associate at Miami University, Brian McNulty joins me now for more on that. Brian Hurricane barrel is being called unprecedented. Is there a sense of why this storm intensified so quickly, so far east, so early in the season? Well, we've seen the ocean temperatures in the tropical Atlantic be record breaking warm now for over a year. And that continues into right now. And so the the ocean temperatures where Hurricane barrel is looks more likely would at the peak of the season in, you know, mid September or so. You know, as far as why there's so warm, there's I think there's a few ingredients in there. I don't think there's a great consensus overall. Certainly climate change is playing a role that plays a role in a lot of things. I don't think that's responsible for the relatively abrupt jump that we've seen in ocean temperatures in the past year, but it's certainly an ingredient. And climate change, you say, can decrease the overall number of tropical cyclones, but increase the strength of those storms. Why is that? There, there's a lot of complicating factors that go into what makes a hurricane. It's not just a warm ocean. You also need low wind shear. You need the upper parts of the atmosphere to stay cooler. So if the upper parts of the atmosphere warm along with the ocean temperatures, that's actually kind of a net zero change for her cane. So there's a few other things besides just how warm the ocean is, but that's certainly a key player. So what else are you watching for as we get further into this hurricane season? Well, I think this, this is certainly an outlier event as recently mentioned. There's nothing, there's been nothing like this early in recorded history in the Atlantic at this time of year. So it's not a great omen looking forward. I think this is the type of outlier event that we've been expecting to see this year with the oceans as warm as they are. And we no longer have, I guess, the the nudge against hercans that we had in 2023, which was El Nino. So we're, we've left El Nino and we're heading into La Nina, which in general, that actually helps to enhance up the end of hurricane activity. And so we're not quite in La Nina yet, but that's coming up in the next few months. Bye, McNulty. Thank you.