 Pericaine barrel on the move after battering the island of Jamaica overnight. Faith Obube is live on the ground in one of the hardest hit areas. Good morning, Faith. Hey, good morning to you, Rebecca. Just come over here and take a look. It's a bit of an obstacle course trying to get around parts of the island this morning. Road crews are trying as quickly as possible to clear the area. There are down trees, dangling power lines. The electric company says at the height of the storm, hundreds of thousands of people were in the dark. Over nine hurricane barrels slamming Jamaica. We can have it across the Caribbean nation as the category four with winds up to 140 miles per hour. Not can down power and much of Kingston. Here in Montego Bay, we're really in the thick of it right now. The out of bands lashing the area rain pouring in as the winds intensify. Extensive damage reported across the island. Through our triumphant, create single-entropic solvicos. Clean up crews rushing to clear roads from falling trees. Many roads submerged. So far, barrels deadly packed, killing at least seven people in the Caribbean. Jamaica's Prime Minister, saying the island had not seen the worst of barrel yet. With nearly 500 people placed in shelters. I have no control over what is coming. So I'm just afraid that all people of Jamaica is safe. Many Americans hunkering down in hotels and vacation rentals. We are tired and we are hungry and are really ready to get out of here. New Jersey family, Brett Savage Simon and her children were vacationing in Montego Bay celebrating their college graduation. Forced to take shelter in the hotel ballroom. When I heard this coming, it's already kind of like a scary cautionary kind of event. And to not be in our home. All places was already like a uncomfortable experience for us. And Geo, a new curfew that was imposed overnight has now expired. The Prime Minister says at the height of the storm there were about 500 people who had to write out the storm in shelters this morning. Assessment teams will be out serving the damage. Geo. And it's unbelievable to see Jamaica like that. Thank you so much for your reporting.