 And we're getting an inside look at the nearly finished Notre Dame Cathedral. The famous Paris Cathedral was nearly destroyed in a massive fire five years ago. Now the scaffolding is coming down just in time for the City of Lights to host the Olympics. Foreign correspondent James Longman has the latest. With the summer games just 18 days away, the millions expected to visit Paris will see Notre Dame at last starting to emerge from five painstaking years of restoration. The refurbishment of this 800 year old symbol of French history and culture is now nearly 90% complete, showing off gleaming new stone, freshly laid tiles and revamped paintwork. And the roof inspired which millions around the world watched crash to the ground in the 2019 fire, now almost finished. I stood on the roof in 2021 and saw up close the gaping holes still open to the elements. When I went back this past December, the pieces were coming together, but this morning the scaffolding from the spire is nearly gone and tiles now cover the timber, a sign of hope and progress. It's up on the roof of the cathedral here. You can see the Eiffel Tower in the distance over there, but this roof, when I was last here, you could only see the timbers. Now it's two thirds covered in that lead. It is so close to being done. Last time we were up there, that was just six months ago. What's changed since then? We have finished the work of wood to build the spire. And now we work on the roof with red. Philippe Jost, head of restoration, inviting ABC News back to Notre Dame. It's a colossal project, a massive undertaking. 2,000 workers from Carpenters and Stone Masons to artists and metal workers, making these changes to meet the December deadline. It's no easy feat. Can you give us an idea of how much this is cost so far? We have costed 700 million euros. The team is in the final stretch. Notre Dame will only be a spectator to the opening ceremony of the summer games, which will run just outside along the river Senn, but its own unveiling in December may be an even bigger spectacle. People will come for other ping games. They will see the spire and they will see the roofs. Very symbolic of the reopening of the cathedral. And foreign correspondent James Longman joins me from Paris now with more. James Access inside Notre Dame has been very limited, but you've been able to go in three times throughout this restoration. What's it been like to see the progress? Truly extraordinary, Diane. I remember in 2019 I stood on the banks of the Senn watching this building burn. I mean we saw the roof collapse down into the building and I've been back so many times. I remember the first time I went back, it was still waterlogged. I mean it took over a year to dry this building out from all the water that was used in order to put the fire out. And then I've been back multiple times and the thing that really hits you is the coordination required from all the various different workmen who've taken part in this colossal project. I mean anyone at home who's had to maybe refurbish their kitchen will know that you need to book the electrician, the guy who comes and changes your kitchen, the painter, the plumber. And you've got to make sure that they come at certain times so the project goes well. This is the same as that, but on an enormous scale. If you're talking stone mason's, carpenters, metal workers, paint restorers. So it's just been incredible to watch this kind of finely tuned machine. Clock on, take away, if you like, over the years. Right up until just a little earlier today when we stood up on that spire and I watched one of the specialists with her gold leaf brush, just paint in. You may not be able to see it. That's that spire just there with the remaining bits of gold. Truly, it's quite a thing. And James, even the smaller home projects, they're always delayed. They're always over budget. I can't imagine trying to manage a project like this. But Notre Dame, they now say that the cathedral won't open in time for the Olympics. But how are they looking for that December timeline? Will the public be able to enter the cathedral again then? Yeah, they will. I mean, they'll be a ticketed system. So people will be able to book and they'll be able to go in. And that December 8th, that's going to be a big moment for the French. I should just say that this city is, of course, hoping, well, will host the Olympics in just a couple of weeks. Let me just show you where I'm actually because this is the scene. The river that flows through Paris. And on the banks there, these are the bleachers where people will be watching the opening ceremony pass by down the river. It's going to be spectacular. Notre Dame is not going to be part of that opening ceremony because it won't be ready yet. But they're going to try and get as much of this scaffolding down as they can so that people as they go past will be able to see it in all its glory. I should, you know, the French people, French, I'll, you know, they've been some debate about the amount of money this has cost to get done $750 million so far. But December, it's going to be even bigger than the Olympics. The French can't wait for this thing to get done. Wow. Our foreign correspondent James Longman and Paris, thanks for that view, James.