 Israel's defense minister is visiting the Pentagon today for a rare in-person meeting with Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin. This comes as new video shows the violent abductions of some Israeli hostages taken during the October 7 terror attacks. Chief National Corps Spana McGutman has more from Tel Aviv, Israel, and we do want to warn you this video may be difficult to watch. That just released video showing Hamas gunman racing into Gaza with three hostages on October 7th. The video is graphic. American Hersh Goldberg, Pauline Aliyah Cohen or Levy are seen crammed in the back of that pickup truck badly wounded and soaked in blood. The video from a Hamas terrorist's helmet camera. Hersh's head pulled back as one of the militants says I want to take a selfie with him. And overnight I met with Goldberg Pauline's parents. She literally watches for the first time a few minutes ago. How does a mother watch her son go through that? I'm not even sure yet. I felt terribly sorry for him. I don't think that any parent would ever want to see their child in any distress, all hostage families. We all feel this. How much more can we bear? The Israeli government doing enough to try to secure their release. The short answer is no. And I say that for one simple, indisputable fact, 120 hostages are not home and it's been 262 days. Even as Israel's Prime Minister signals a drawdown of troops in Gaza, Israeli air strikes hit two schools where internally displaced people were sheltering. Fourteen people killed, including eight members of a single family. Chief National correspondent, Matt Gutman, joins me now from Tel Aviv, Israel, along with senior Pentagon reporter Louis Martinez for more. But the families of some Israeli hostages released in this video in an effort to pressure the government. Trying to get Netanyahu to agree to a deal for a ceasefire and a hostage release. So how are Israeli officials responding to that? Is that pressure campaign working? It's hard to say. We don't yet know what the progress has been, Diane, on these negotiations. They have been going on since almost the very beginning of the war, right? There was an interim agreement in which about 50 hostages were returned and now they're waiting for the rest of them and many of them are dying. And that's the biggest concern from the families, Diane, because they didn't necessarily learn anything new from this video that they agreed to be released. There's no information about the hostages or their condition. This is just to jar the public here in Israel and worldwide and specifically the Israeli government to remind them, shake them by the lapels, as the family told me, to remind them that the hostages are not a concept. They're people with families, with loved ones back at home, and they are desperate to try to get those hostages back home before they are killed in Gaza, Diane. And Louis Secretary Austin is meeting with Israeli defense minister at the Pentagon. How significant is that meeting? And what's Israel hoping to get from that, especially when you look at Biden and Net Netna, who is seemingly at odds right now about weapons being sent to Israel? Diane, this is a very important visit. This is you have a lot of meeting, not only with defense secretary Lloyd Austin, but also with Secretary of State Blinken yesterday as well as the CIA director, Bill Burns, who's been heavily involved in the negotiations between Hamas and Israel to try to bring an end to this conflict and to try to bring hostages back. So what the Israelis are looking for, and you've heard the complaints from Israeli Prime Minister Nanyahu, is that he feels that the United States has cut back, has slowed to a trickle, the weapons flow that they have been providing to the United States, the two Israel. But what you have across the board is American officials saying publicly and privately, that that's not the case, that what has happened is that only that one shipment of 3,500 weapons was actually slowed down. Now, though we're talking about 2,000 pound bombs that I think the United States was concerned might be used in the offensive against Rafa. And that's what all of U.S. officials keep pointing to, but you keep hearing from Nanyahu with who doubles down, that no, the United States has slowed down to a trickle. But one possible answer here may be that at the start of this conflict, the United States brushed and served a whole bunch of military assistance into Israel right after the October 7 attack. We think that hasn't slowed down because essentially it's no longer in a surge situation. But what is now the case is the normal of a foreign military sales program, which can be quite lengthy. Mac Gutman, Louis Martinez, thank you both.