 And newly released documents are shedding light on how Jeffrey Epstein avoided serious jail time for two years. Transcripts from a 2006 grand jury suggest prosecutors knew Epstein sexually assaulted underage girls two years before he was offered a plea deal. Now an attorney for one of the alleged victims is calling the handling of the case atrocious. Let's bring in senior investigative correspondent Eric Atersky for more. Aaron, what are you learning from these grand jury transcripts? Diane, for almost 20 years there has been this nagging suspicion that the grand jury initially set up to investigate Jeffrey Epstein was led toward a dead end that prosecutors almost deliberately made their case in front of the grand jury so that Epstein wouldn't be indicted. And we don't have all of all of the facts and all of the presentations from this document dump but what we do have is fairly damning because prosecutors almost subject the witnesses to interrogation. It's almost like victim shaming. They talk about the women as prostitutes. They talk about the women's drug habits. These are 15 and 16 year old girls who were allegedly abused by Jeffrey Epstein and yet prosecutors treated them. These documents show as the criminals and the attorney for one of those alleged victims says it was almost like they were trying to prosecute these teenagers and ignore Epstein suggesting things like you know you're admitting to prosecution to prostitution and so on. How is the then state attorney responding to these accusations? Look, this is sort of the origin story of how we got to where we are now because the case that didn't really go anywhere leads to this solicitation charge in state court and then eventually it gets into federal court where the deal is made to allow Epstein to basically skirt on most of what he's facing against the evidence that the Palm Beach police had a mass. And then he was arrested and thought Epstein should be prosecuted for and then fast forward you know 15 years later Epstein's arrested what almost five years ago this weekend before he dies by suicide in prison and so all of this goes to I think clarify what many of the alleged victims and their attorneys have thought for years that Epstein should have been prosecuted and could have been stopped at least a decade or more before the law finally caught up with him. And any response from the law enforcement community is it normal to say to a teenager who's coming forward with sexual assault allegations you know you might be admitting to prostitution or other crimes here. What it's not a generational difference but remember Epstein was finally prosecuted in New York by the feds around the Me Too movement so there's just been a whole sea change in how law enforcement and the public views sex assault victims. In many cases victim shaming was probably I don't want to say acceptable but but more than norm now we tend to look at perpetrators a little more differently and so there is a legacy here of the Epstein case it it isn't great for the alleged victims at the time but but finally I think prosecutors are treating these cases differently. Epstein died in jail in 2019 so now what what happens with this case there are a number of civil lawsuits pending none of them are terribly satisfying for for those who are looking for justice but there has been a fair amount of money paid out over the years go and Maxwell was successfully prosecuted she is now appealing that conviction we're waiting some kind of determination from the second U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and there are in the courts still a few rocks to overturn to see if we can. We can learn more about about Epstein and what law enforcement knew for example the FBI there's a case to try and get FBI files unsealed that may take years more maybe we'll get eventually to the to the full and complete narrative of of Jeffrey Epstein but it's going to take a lot longer a lot longer for alleged victims who have already waited quite a long time.