 And jury selection begins today in the Alec Baldwin trial. Baldwin is charged with involuntary manslaughter after fatal shooting cinematographer Helena Hutchins on the set of the film Rust in 2021. Now the judge has decided video evidence showing the actor handling that gun can be shown to the jury. Baldwin has insisted he never pulled the trigger. ABC's Jacqueline Lee joins me now from Sanofa, New Mexico, along with our legal contributor Brian Buckmeyer for more on this. Jacqueline, what can we expect in court today? Well, today on today's focus solely on jury selection. So we're going to see both the prosecution and defense questioning 79 people. They have to whittle that down to 12 jurors to alternates potentially for alternates. And of course, they're trying to decide who are the best people to decide Alec Baldwin's fate. We are going to see similar topics surrounding gun safety, movie protocols. And of course, does Alec Baldwin's celebrity impact their view of him? And they look at this case impartially as they move forward with this trial, Diane. Now Brian, the judge now says that video that shows him handling that same gun in another instance can be shown as evidence in that case. Why is that so important? Because this isn't video of the incident itself, but another time that he was handling that same gun. So it's important for the prosecution because he's being charged from voluntary manslaughter. The idea that he was either reckless or negligent at the time in which he pulled the trigger, or allegations, he's a court saying something different, and that ended up killing Helena Hutchins. Now, whether trying to show a video in the prior instances that where he was reckless or negligent beforehand, then he must have been reckless or negligent at this time in handling the gun. And so it's almost as reckless did reckless is doing. And I think it's crucial, but it doesn't get them all the way because to your point, they still have to show that at the time in which he had that gun in his hand, he was reckless in that lead to the death of Helena Hutchins. The judge also ruled that the state can't argue that Baldwin was negligent in his role as a co-producer on the film, only in his role as an actor. How much does that limit the prosecution here? Oh, it limits it to almost the point that I think that the defense has a very strong case here. Now, I think regardless of what job you do, whether you're in an anchor or a contributor or an actor, we have to rely on people around us to make sure that our job is safe and doing well. You're not coming into the studio and looking above you at the lights to make sure that they're properly secured, but that person has to do their job so that you can do your job well as well. And for Alec Baldwin, he gets to make the argument of, I'm not the armor. I'm not the person who's in charge of checking this. I'm not the producer who's in charge of everything. I'm just the actor. I rely on other people to do their job well so I can do mine. Now he may be reckless in the sense of kind of waving the gun around, but it's not his job to make sure that no live ammunition is on the set, no live ammunition is in the gun, and then that gun is properly secure and safe so if someone doesn't die in the set, that's a strong defense for him. And they can no longer say, as a producer, you contributed to the unsafe environment in general, it has to be his actions as an actor. Exactly. And that limitation is a strong defense for Alec Baldwin. I think most people who have jobs again in any kind of field will say, I rely on other people to do their job so that I'm safe in doing my job for myself and others. I don't want Alec Baldwin to go down just as I wouldn't. So I think that's a strong argument. So Jacqueline, what happens next in this case? Well, Diane, the judge has made it very clear she wants to stick to the timeline. So tomorrow is scheduled to be opening statements. The trial is scheduled to be 10 days. It is unclear if Baldwin will take the stand in his own defense, but when he arrived this morning, his wife was in tow as well as his child and his brother, Steven, is also here supporting him. Diane. All right, Jacqueline Lieber. I'm Buck Meyer. Thank you both.