 And ABC's contributor, senior entertainment reporter at ESPN's ANSCAPE Kelly Carter joins me now for more. Kelly, what do you think this arrest means for Justin Timberlake's reputation? I mean, I think that's the bigger conversation, right? Because we know that what will happen in court will happen very quickly. But I think if we look at what people are saying, they're saying this might be yet another blow for the reputation of Justin Timberlake, certainly in the aftermath of all the things that Britney Spears shared. And also, if you can believe it or not, we are now 20 years past that infamous Super Bowl incident with Janet Jackson. And people are saying, with that also, they feel like maybe he got away without, you know, kind of much, much dings on the belt for him. And so perhaps this is a way to kind of talk about a little bit of the mouthies and it's that maybe Justin has done in light of those two kind of major pop stars that are women. Kelly, in terms of more direct impact, he's in the middle of a world tour right now to promote his latest album, everything I thought I was. Could this arrest impact that tour? Will you have to cancel dates? I don't think that this arrest will impact this world tour that Justin Timberlake is on right now. I think that this is probably something that can be resolved relatively quickly. It seems like in the Hamptons. And I don't think that people who bought those tickets have to worry about missing out on dates of Justin Timberlake at all. He's been ordered to appear virtually in court next month. What are you watching for there? I mean, watching to see what he says, you know, we certainly know what the police have reported that he said at the time that he's had one martini. Let's see if that's, you know, more of it. But I also think that he's going to be very remorseful and is probably going to apologize for what he did and potentially, you know, driving dangerously when he should not have been. And that's probably about it. All right, Kelly Carter, we will be watching. Thank you.