 And the latest 5384 cast shows former president Trump in a dead heat with president Biden less than five months from election day. Meanwhile, the candidates ramped up their campaign messaging over the weekend with just 10 days before their first debate. Also, the 538 politics podcast, Gailin Drew, joins me now for more. Gailin, Trump campaign announced a black Americans for Trump coalition at a Detroit church this weekend. The Biden campaign has also been very focused on trying to shore up his support with black voters over the past few weeks. How critical are black voters going to be to this election based on what you're seeing in the polls now? They'll be critical, both in terms of who folks decide to vote for and whether they show up to vote at all. So here's some numbers. About 12% of the electorate will be black voters this fall. But I think it's important to recognize that diversity of opinion amongst black Americans has always been greater than the vote share would suggest. Now, what does that mean? Essentially in elections, we see black Americans voting for Democrats oftentimes at about 90%. But when it comes to the issues on things like, say, abortion or even taxes or even affirmative action, there's actually a lot of diversity of opinion amongst black Americans. Black Americans don't necessarily agree on all of these issues, but the sense is that the Democratic Party is the party that is for me, that this is the party that cares about people like me. We've seen a little bit of that breakdown in recent years, and as a result, increasingly around the margins, more black Americans voting for Republican candidates. Now, between 2016 and 2020, there's only a shift of about three percentage points, but we've seen since then that particularly amongst young black Americans and men in particular, Trump has been able to pick up some support. Now today, the Biden campaign also announced a $50 million ad campaign targeting voters in battleground states. The ad focuses on former President Trump's 34 felony convictions, framing the election as a choice between a convicted criminal and a, quote, president who's fighting for your family. Now, Trump's campaign says the new ad is proof that the criminal trial against him was election interference. What do you make of Biden's messaging here? And could it backfire? Yeah, the reality of this campaign, Diane, is that both Trump and Biden are unpopular. And so both of the candidates are going to try to make this election a referendum on their opponent. Trump is going to say Biden has not been competent on issues like the economy and immigration, and Biden is going to say that Trump is corrupt and dangerous, and in this case, a convicted felon. Now, it may ultimately be the candidate who wins, who's able to make the election more about the other person than about themselves. This is an attempt. Now, $50 million in the grand scheme of things, an election where both candidates are going to spend more than a billion dollars in the campaign, it's limited. But I think we're still at the point in the campaign where Biden folks are trying to figure out what sticks. They're trying a bunch of different things. Maybe opening bridges or talking about new chip plants a couple months ago. Now it's talking about the felony conviction. We're going to see the candidates iterate over the next five months and try to see what sticks. Throwing some spaghetti at the wall. All right. Host of the 538 Politics Podcast, Galen Drew. Galen, thank you. Thank you.