 A asylum saved my life twice. My family came to the United States to seek asylum when I was a young child. I became a gay queer man. It's hard for me to think what my life would be like in Afghanistan had we not been granted asylum like my family was. To be honest, just because I was gay in Jamaica, it was literally difficult for me to even get close to my family. So me leaving was an ever-and-issue. I was just happy to get out of there. When I first came to the United States, I flee due to persecution that I suffered in my country. Part of my political opinion and also because of my identity, my sexual orientation as a gay man, the persecution came from everywhere, not only from the government, but also from my classmates, from my professors, even from my own family. And it was only because they didn't see me as a regular or as a normal person. They saw me as gay. People seeking asylum are facing persecution in there. They have fear to return to the countries of origin because of things like homophobia for the very reason that they're seeking protection. On the one hand, they're escaping harm based on their queer identity. And on the other, we're asking them the court is asking them, the immigration system is asking them to share all those very intimate details. Currently to seek asylum in the United States at the US-Mexico border, you have to have access to a smartphone, you have to download an app, you have to use the app to enter a lottery, basically, to request an appointment to seek, to talk to someone to seek asylum. And that app is only available in English, Spanish, and Creole. If you don't have access to a phone when you're running for your life, if you don't speak one of those languages, you're out of luck. There's something about the United States that people believe that like, if I make it, I'll have a chance. I'll have a chance to be who I am, to love who I love, to live the life that feels most whole and authentic to me. And I think that's something that's worth celebrating about our country. And something that we should fight to protect. We need to remember that this country has always offered a safe haven. Seeking asylum is illegal, right? A lot of these countries don't even have the modicum of protections that we have in the United States, so it's legal for the police to round them up, to tame them, abuse them. When you're a minority within a minority, is I think one of the bravest things you can do, but it's also one of the scariest things you can do.