 Lindsay Lohan is dishing on Freaky Friday too with her on-screen mom, Jamie Lee Curtis. She's also talking about life as a new mom herself and this new chapter in life. ABC's Ike Jatchy sat down with the actress. It's official. Freaky Friday is back. It's gonna be a really freaky Friday. Much freaky than you would expect. We sat down with Lindsay Lohan to talk swapping bodies once again with on-screen mom, Jamie Lee Curtis, in the sequel to Freaky Friday over 20 years after the original hit. I want my friends. I want to eat whatever I want when I want. Mommy, we know the sweeties are day. Now listen, we are all thrilled about the forthcoming Freaky Friday too, right? This is very exciting. Oh, it's fantastic. I mean, we all just have so much fun and it's so great to have that on set. You just always really want to have a good time. So it's just, yeah, a lot of love, a lot of fun, a lot of laughs. It's a great experience. Jamie Lee Curtis, she's been so supportive of you over the years. How has that bond been between both of you? Jamie and I have stayed in touch over the years. So it's kind of, you know, they always say like when you have a best friend or someone who you're really close with, if you cannot see them for years and years, but when you see them again, it's like you never separated. And I think just always women supporting women is such an incredible thing. It's exciting, your music. It's not noise. It's definitely not noise. So what's it like to get back into her head per se? Oh, well, I can't say much. But I am taking guitar lessons. And I do have a daughter in the movie. This is so freaky. And life imitates art. Lowen is a new mom. Baby Louie, her son with husband, Bader Shamas, born last summer, she says bringing her the most joy. How are you enjoying life in this chapter and also motherhood? I'm so grateful for every moment of it, just every second, every morning waking up and running to grab my son and just looking at him. And when he looks me back in the eyes, it's just, I'm like, get emotional. It's just the most beautiful. I'm just so grateful every day. You know, we always move so fast. So I feel like that's the one thing I've learned over time. And I'm taking time for myself and really just cherishing every moment. And a fresh partnership helping to keep the new mom's energy up. I have partnered with PureLeaf for their new teabright campaign, which is great because I am a big tea lover, personally. And it's really important that we take time out in our crazy busy schedules every day to take a teabrake. Whenever you can find the time, if it's, you feel like you're so on the go, I always feel like juggling so many hats and now being a new mom and everything and filming and being a wife and a daughter and a sister. It's nice to take time for yourself. This movie star, mom, also getting ready to celebrate her and her son's birthday. A reminder, she says puts everything into perspective. How do you plan to celebrate? I mean, I always just want to be with family. And I feel like, you know, as you get older and like the less is more. So yeah, just spending it together and for my son, I don't know, we're going to do something fun. I just, I'm going to get him a bouncy house and make it fun for him. Bouncy houses. I can go on those right now. Yeah, it'll be fun for all of us. That can eat me in there. Yeah. Now, Lindsay says she's really enjoying this part of her life, collecting new memories and reliving some of her favorite ones, like driving onto the Disney lot once again and remembering those moments not only from Freaky Friday, but also the parent trap, confessions of a teenage drama queen. And of course, herbie, Diane. I could jatchy. So cool to hear her reminiscing like that. I thank you.