 California Governor Gavin Newsom is calling for a statewide ban on smartphones in schools. This comes after the Los Angeles School Board voted to ban cell phones and social media in classrooms. And just days ago, the Surgeon General called for Congress to put a cigarette-style warning on social media for kids. So let's bring it all down in our group chat. ABC's Elizabeth Shullzeus here, along with author and clinical assistant professor Nicholas Carderas and president of National School Safety and Security Services, Kenneth Trump. Elizabeth, I want to start with you, the LA School District. Just seeing some mixed reaction from parents to this, what are you hearing about the response? Right, and this is the reaction you see from parents across the country dealing with this question of how do you regulate the amount of time that people are on their screens? On the one hand, you have the concerns echoed by the Surgeon General. The kids are just spending too much time on their phones. It's distraction. There are negative images that they see. They're cyberbullying. We saw that data that the Surgeon General highlighted this week that teens are spending an average of five hours a day on their phones. And that, frankly, people who say this ban should be in places, that number needs to be limited, especially when they're supposed to be in class and learning. On the other side, Diane, you do have very real concerns are being raised from parents who say they want their kids to be able to have their phone for safety reasons. You know, currently the policy in LA is that there are restrictions in place, but you could use those phones during a break. You could use it during lunch. Let's say something happened, and it's horrible to say, but we are living in a world where questions of a school shooting are top of mind for so many parents and parents say they want their kids to be able to have their phone on them in case they need to be able to reach out. Nicholas, what does research say about how removing phones from the classroom can impact children's learning and their performance and their mental health in school? Yeah, well, the research is clear. I mean, phones in the classroom are mitigated disaster, both educationally and from a mental health standpoint. So there's clear research that shows there was the one study that looked at 40,000 students in London and looked at if phones were removed from the classroom, standardized test scores, when up 6%, and they went up 14% for students with special needs and from poor socioeconomic backgrounds. Then we have the mental health piece. So you're hurting kids educationally because the phones are a distraction in the classroom. And from a mental health standpoint, we know that smartphones in the classroom specifically are also detrimental for anxiety, depression, ADHD, and self-harm rates. There's several research studies that show it hurts educationally and it hurts the mental health significantly. Kenneth, I want to go to Elizabeth points about some of these parents expressing concerns about being able to communicate with their children. They want their kids to be able to call them during an emergency, to be able to call for help during an emergency. What's your suggestion for dealing with that? Well, Diana's counterintuitive. You're emotionally as a parent, you say, I need to get directly in touch with my kid. It's a security blanket for the parents in an emergency situation. It could be a distraction. It could be something that takes the kids focus away from listening to the adults to getting in a safe place, to paying attention and to being quiet so that you don't attract someone with ill intentions to where you are. If kids are live streaming, they're texting, they're paying their focus on the phone, they're not focused on getting directions and being quiet and managing the emergency itself. And that can create a safe situation. Two, and from school, there can be legitimate arguments for parents. I understand the concern, the safety for kids in school and in emergency. It could actually make them less safe. And what about the examples of in shootings where we have heard 911 calls from kids in the classroom calling for help? Do you think there's a place for that? Well, there's certainly those anecdotal situations where that can be seen as a positive thing. We have to look at the overall situation. You're in a classroom with teachers that have 20 to 30 kids in a class. If everyone's on the phone and the emergency responders are already coming, you're going to have phone systems overloaded. You're going to have parents, rumors, misinformation, parents flocking to the scene. That could actually delay or distract in this rupt emergency responders from getting on campus because people are coming already because parents are flocking to the school because of those phone calls. So is there understandable? There's a mixed bag of arguments for that. But we say let the adults focus on the messaging, have strong crisis, communications plans in place and let the adults be well trained, emergency responders and have those emergency practices that we train them to do in schools and let the kids focus a big quiet following directions and focus on getting them in a safe place where they're not attracting someone with ill intentions to where they are with the phone calls. Sad, we even have to think about that. But I know it's top of mind, which is why I wanted to ask you, Kenneth Elizabeth, this ban would go into effect January 2025. So what are the next steps here? Right. So the big question is how to implement it, right? What exactly does this look like if you're going to be taking phones away? We've seen some schools adopt an approach where kids at the start of the school day put their phone in a pouch, they zip it up, they leave it in a locker or cubby until the end of the day they get that pouch back and they get their phone back. That's one option. But really what the LA school district is going to have to look at and they'll talk to teachers and other policymakers and parents is what, how do you take those steps in place? And also, who's enforcing it? Because we have seen some teachers raise questions about, is it really their job to beat the ones policing this? How do you make sure that that happens? Elizabeth Schell, Z. Nicholas Carderas, Kenneth's Trump. Thank you all.