 Maryland Governor Westmore has issued a sweeping pardon to 175,000 people who have been convicted of marijuana-related crimes. The historic state-level pardon applies to minor crimes, including misdemeanor possession of cannabis and drug paraphernalia. While speaking today, the governor said Maryland is taking actions that are intentional and unapologetic. Take a listen. This is the largest such action in our nation's history. The current state-level pardon is that the state-level pardon is not a crime. The pardon comes after voters approved a constitutional amendment in 2022 that legalized marijuana in the state. ABC News, J. O'Brien joins me now with more. J. what's the latest here? It's interesting, Ike, you talk about that constitutional amendment. That was the crux of the argument among other arguments that the governor made is that if the state has a different legal approach to marijuana now, it's worth looking backwards and dealing with the people, particularly black and brown Americans, who had marijuana-based convictions on actions that now under this new constitutional amendment might be legal. This is, as you noted earlier, something that's going to impact more than 100,000 people and the point that the governor made when rolling out this clemency is he said that these marijuana convictions followed a number of these Marylanders, like Stigmas over the rest of their life, even if they got out of prison, it denied them jobs in some instances, denied them housing. And so the purpose of this as the governor put it was to try to write past wrongs. Now J. president Biden did a similar order federally and called on governors to follow suit. What's the significance of this? And do you think other states will follow? Well, it's interesting because more makes a no in the sound you just played, too, of saying that he's going further than any other state governor had gone before. And that's true. And there's a couple things to note here. There's a national attitude toward marijuana that is changing at the state level. There are states that have legalized it, et cetera, et cetera. And so that might impact this. And additionally, it's worth keeping in mind that this is a very notable governor doing this. He's a rising star in the Democratic Party. He is someone that other governors and other policymakers watch. So the exact national impact of this decision is still yet to be seen, but it is a high profile Democratic individual doing it. And of course, as you noted, it dovetails with those calls from the White House for states to in some form or fashion maybe not go this far, but to revisit this issue. Dale Bryan, thank you.