 Welcome back to ABC News Live. It is the oldest still existing professional ballpark in the nation. And it's produced multiple hall of famers. Today, Major League Baseball is making history, playing its first ever regular season game at Rick Woodfield and Birmingham, Alabama, home to the Negro League team. Home to a Negro League team here is some history of that ballpark from our friends at ESPN. You got over 55% of the baseball hall of fam now playing here. It's been 17 years old playing here to... Satchel Pays being this first professional pitch here to Bay Rooflan here, the Reddy Jackson knocking home runs like to the train tracks. So I consider this place like the Holy Grail of Baseball. Satchel Pays, Willie Mays, wow, the San Francisco Giants and St. Louis Cardinals face off tonight wearing special throwback jerseys there honoring Negro League teams. The game taking on even more significance after Hall of Famer Willie Mays died Tuesday. He started his career at Rick Woodfield as he just heard as a member of the Black Barons in 1948. Bob Kendrick, the president of the Negro League's Museum, he joins me now from Birmingham, Alabama. He is there for that game. Bob, thank you so much for joining us. This is... Oh, dear. And a present. Oh, my gosh, it is a pleasure to have you. This is a massive tribute to the Negro League's. How did this come together? This has been over two years in the making. And really, it was boasted by what we saw happen in Dyer's View, Iowa, over several years with the field of dreams game that took place. The image of the baseball has this way of making these magical moments. And people were enamored with the guys coming out the corn field and the game being played there. And I had a lot of folks reach out to me saying, why don't Major League Baseball do something to honor the Negro League's? And baseball listened. And this idea was birthed. And here we are now right on the threshold of an epic moment. And not just Black Baseball history or Negro League's Baseball history. But honestly, Jay, I think American history, this salute to the Negro League's at Rick Woodfield. Well, on that idea of history, this game comes weeks after, as you know, Major League Baseball integrated Negro League stats into the history of the Black Barons. And so Drey has explained how this game is to spread all the plays that are handed together. So as you know, Donald Trump made great games including Braud Street the days that Senator mentioned to that earlier, Joseph Meijyt was a head of staff budget and sentagonity, he was reported as a jacks, turns out he was Molikov, lost those. And poker caught by Bria Collins. a nation from anyone. They knew how good they were. They knew how good their league was, and quite frankly, the major leagueers knew how good they were. But I credit the Commissioner of Major League Baseball Rob Manfred for creating this opportunity that not only recognized the Negro leagues for what we already knew to be a Major League, but then to roll into the annals of Major League Baseball's history books, the records from the Negro leagues. And all of a sudden, you see Josh Gibson's name at the top of several major statistical categories. And names like Oscar Charleston, Norman Turkey Stern, and Chino Smith. These are names that most baseball fans have not heard about, but because you hadn't heard about them, don't mean they weren't great. And I hope that that is now a gateway into deeper understanding and wanting to learn more about the history of the Negro leagues. And I certainly hope it drives people to Kansas City to visit the Negro League Baseball Museum. That point really sits with me this idea that everybody knew how good they were. With that in mind, why has it in your view taken so long for this recognition? Because the Negro leagues had just toiled in anonymity. And Jay, as my late mother would say, you don't know what you don't know. And that's why this museum that we have in Kansas City is so important. We brought this Negro league's history to the forefront. This game moves us one more step closer to giving it a mainstream voice. And so there are gaps in the pages of American History books. So it had been ignored for years. And in the eyes of so many, it was almost like it never happened. And we had to tell you that it didn't happen. And it happened in grandiose fashion. What else can be done then with that in mind to further honor the legacy of these players? Well, today I think it's just the beginning. And it is so epic. This is one, this is a similar moment for Negro league's history. They're all with 50 Negro league players who are going to be recognized. Obviously, we're very saddened by the fact that the legendary Willie Mays could not be here. And of course, it's since passed on and will celebrate his tremendous life. But again, we're putting in the measures to make sure that Negro league's history continues to grow and scape in scale. And hopefully in the hearts and minds of those. And again, it makes this museum in Kansas City, which I believe is one of the nation's preeminent, civil rights, social justice institutions. It just makes it that much more special. You talk about Willie Mays. We mentioned earlier, he started his career at that field. He passed away two days ago. He helped me put into words how bittersweet this moment is that we've lost him in this game as being played there. And also just what he meant for the game in general. It was devastating to hear the news of Willie's passing even at age 93. Because Jay, there's just certain people who are never supposed to die. And Willie Mays was one of those. And we know that no one's going to live in forever. But if anyone was, it was going to be Willie Mays. And so his passing is a tremendous blow for baseball history, for Negro league's history. But when you say the name Willie Mays, and if you are from that generation that saw him play, it elicits smile, joy. So we can't be sad. And what a tremendous platform we have tonight to celebrate his incredible life. He gave us so much. And he was so transcending. And he's bigger than baseball in many ways because he transcended race. When Willie Mays broke in on the scene after having played in the Negro league, what did you have? He had white kids saying, I'm Willie Mays because they didn't see Willie Mays, the black baseball player. They saw Willie Mays, the great baseball player and those vivid images of him walking through the streets of Harlem playing stick ball with the kids in Harlem. Who does that? Willie Mays. And that is why he's been so endeared. And that's why it's such a tremendous loss. But Willie Mays did exactly what Willie Mays was supposed to do. He brought us all together where it all began for him at Rick Woodfield for an epic celebration of the league that gave him his start, the Negro leagues. And I should note for our viewers, there were pictures of you and Willie Mays on the screen as you were talking there. You were wearing a sweater. He was wearing a great jacket. And you could see it on your face. There it is one more. That is gorgeous. Bob Kendrick, what a way with words you have, sir. There are certain people you said that were never supposed to die. And Willie Mays was one of those. Bob, thank you for your time today. Yay, my pleasure, man. Thanks so much for having me. Thank you. For more on the Negro leagues, be sure to check out that ABC podcast I mentioned, reclaimed The Forgotten League as it uncovers the stories of some of those overlooked grates of baseball. It's available on all major podcast platforms. Thanks again to Bob.