 Former president Trump challenged President Biden to a debate this week when he took the stage at his Florida rally last night. So that sleepy Joe Biden can prove to everyone all over the world that he has what it takes to be president. Trump even invited Biden to his club. I'm also officially challenging Krikah Joe to an 18-hole golf match right here. Senator Marco Rubio, a potential VP choice for Trump, voiced his concern about Biden's health. The only conspiracy here are the people in the shadow government that are protecting and hiding from the American people the condition of our current president. It comes as a seventh Democrat in the House, New Jersey Congresswoman Mikey Sherrell urges Biden to drop out of the race, saying when I think of my four children and all of the rights that another Trump presidency in danger, the stakes are too high and that threat is too real to stay silent. Was there anything you could do that happened to you and I encourage you to refer to the state? You know what? I heard from my district. We were encouraging you to pass some difficult conversations with leadership. House Democrats met behind closed doors yesterday to discuss Biden's candidacy. The meeting described as rough and sobering. But you won't want the same page. No. What do you mean you're not on the same page? You don't even have the same book. President Biden declines to leave voluntarily. Then we have no choice but to support him as our nominee and make the best of a complicated situation. Over in the Senate, Colorado's Michael Bennett claims Biden cannot be Trump in November. For me, this isn't a question about polling. It's not a question about politics. It's a moral question about the future of our country. And now new post-evalysis shows Trump gaining ground in key swing states. The Cook Political Report has shifted Arizona, Georgia and Nevada from the toss-up category to lean Republican. And it's shifted Minnesota and New Hampshire from likely Democrat to only lean Democrat. President Biden held a video call with nearly 200 Democratic mayors last night reiterating he was staying in the race. And he opened the NATO summit in Washington hoping to reassure voters and U.S. allies. Let's remember the fact that NATO remains the bulwark of global security did not happen by accident. It wasn't inevitable. Again and again, the critical moments. We chose unity over this union. Progress over retreat. Freedom of attorney. Hope over fear. The White House says President Biden will meet with Zelensky tomorrow and will hold a news conference his first in eight months.