 In Lilo and Stitch, aliens make their presence known with a spaceship. But what if in real life the announcement came in the form of an art installation? Yesterday, the Las Vegas Metro Police Department let folks on social media know about the appearance of a mysterious monolith on a trail north of the city. They wrote, we see a lot of weird things when people go hiking and asked, how did it get up there? I've never seen this before. It always looks like a UFO. It's a fun surprise. As you may know, this comes just two months after a man discovered another Washington monument looking thing in Wales and he said there were no footsteps around it at all. What the heck is that? And in 2020, many similar-looking structures were found across the world starting with this beauty in the desert of Utah. It was spotted accidentally by wildlife officials while they were counting big horned sheep from a helicopter. Even going down there, they were nervous like were they going to get teleported to another dimension or something? Upon closer inspection, this is definitely a human-made object. But could humans have been in the coming weeks also dropped off more mystery shapes in Romania? England, California. And Montana, just kidding, that's from the movie Arrival. But some reports say that year there were around two dozen discovered in just a few short weeks. I guess this is the thing, all right? Thus, with so many popping up in 2020 and now a few more in 2024, it makes you wonder if they could have been in the future? A, do aliens just love an election year? Or are we all being pranked in an admirably communal worldwide effort? Well, for the internet, the latter just is not as fun. One commenter on the Las Vegas Facebook post writing quote, I'm not saying it's aliens, but it's aliens. Now the only model of I'm 100% convinced was made by aliens. This one guy is constructed from gingerbread. I've tried many times to make a gingerbread house that I've never got to be seven feet tall. What do you guys think? Well, Area 51. I think that's over there. Aliens declassifying UFO aliens. See? It's good. It's not a joke. We have confirmed it's right here. Welcome. The truth is out there. It's full though. How did it get there though? There were no footsteps. Mr. Deepens, Danny, we'll keep following it for us.