 Many Americans are recovering from binging on hot dogs over the 4th of July, but perhaps none more than our next two guests. Patrick Brutaletti ate 58 hot dogs to win the Nathan's famous hot dog eating contest on Coney Island. While Mickey Sudo down to women's record 51 dogs to win her 20th title. And Patrick and Mickey joined me now along with Major League Eating President Richard Shay for more. Patrick, this was your first time winning the mustard belt. How are you feeling? This is this is great. I feel excellent. Even despite eating 58 hot dogs, you still feel excellent? Yeah, I'm going to take a break from eating hot dogs for a while, but I still love them. And yeah, feel pretty good. Understandable. Mickey, how do you feel? You're no stranger to the belts. How what did you think of yesterday's competition? How are you doing today? Oh my God, yesterday's events were so exciting. On the women's end, we had Maya Bihara at a Japan putting up an even higher number and pushing me through the whole contest. And the guys field was wide open. Obviously, I was cheering for Nick, but I'm super happy for Pat. We saw four contestants eat over 50. And I think it was just really, really, it was a nail fighter from start to finish. And Richard, I don't want to take away from yesterday, but you can't talk about this competition without talking about the fact that 16 time winner Joey Chestnut was not on the stage this time around. He says he was gutted. When he found out he was banned over his affiliation with the plant-based company and possible foods. Talk to me about that. How do you feel about the fact that he wasn't there? And was there no other way to settle this without banning him? Well, I mean, it wasn't a ban. It was a choice actually made by Joey, who let's be clear, is the greatest hot dog eater of all time. And I would love to have had him there as with all of the fans and as would have Nathan's. This hot dog stipulation where you can't work with another hot dog brand. Joey eats other hot dogs all the time, but can't promote another brand. That's been in place forever. Certainly for every year that Joey's been involved. So it wasn't a ban. It was a choice of his, but we love him and hopefully we can figure it out for next year and get him back. Patrick, how are you celebrating your big win today? I need a nap and I just been drinking a lot of Gatorade. I got a little bit too much sun yesterday. I didn't think to put sunscreen on. I was overly excited and I'm still riding the high though. I'm gonna be honest. Still feels pretty good. Awesome. Good for you, Enn Mickey. Any advice for people who think they might have what it takes to be a competitive eater? I mean, you know, whether it's competitive eating or a different route, I would just encourage everybody to try new things, be adventurous to what you love. For me, that landed me in competitive eating, but you know, just just chase your passions and you never know where that rose going to take you. And Richard, the Fourth of July is a Super Bowl of competitive eating, but it's certainly not the only event. So what's next on the Major League Eating Calendar? You know, we have so many events. If you check out MajorLeGeding.com. In fact, I should be more, I'm kind of like Pat. I'm a little bit dizzy after yesterday, but we have a blueberry eating competition coming up. We have a Wendy's Chicken Nugget event out in the Long Island Ducks in Central Iceland, Long Island. And of course, on Labor Day, we have our Buffalo Wing. You're talking to Mickey. She's a former champ of Buffalo Wing Eating Championship up in the Great City of Buffalo on Labor Day Weekend. Awesome. Richard Che, Mickey, pseudo, Patrick Burtaletti. Thank you all and congratulations. Thank you. Thank you.