 ABC News is getting an up close look at the US military peer built to deliver humanitarian aid into Gaza. The Department of Defense says about 13 million pounds of food have made it through the peer so far, but not all of that has gotten to those who so desperately need it. Meantime nationwide protests are taking place right now across Israel with hundreds of Israelis lining the streets and telev, including family members of hostages still being held in Gaza calling for their return. ABC News chief national correspondent Matt Gutman is covering all of this for us in Tel Aviv. He joins us now. Hey Phil, hundreds of protesters have emerged here on Tel Aviv's main north south highway called Megan Boulevard. Right over there is the defense ministry. There's incredible amount of frustration here in Israel over the pace of the hostage negotiations and ceasefire. Both Hamas and Israel seem to have agreed to the broad parameters, but there seems to be no urgency to cut a deal. That's why you're seeing day after day so many hundreds gathered here in Tel Aviv injures them across the country to try to bring awareness. You can see signs deal now. Bring first home. This happens as Israel seems to have entered this next phase in the war, less intense of fighting. And we're seeing less intense of fighting despite the fact that Palestinians and Gaza are being killed every single day. Also something that the World Food Program, other UN agencies are now talking about, or continue to talk about, is the desperate hunger in Gaza. A new statistic, 96% of Palestinians, in Gaza are experiencing food insecurity. That means they don't know where their next meal is coming from. Also a separate UN report shows that about 500,000 Palestinians are facing starvation. Many of those people don't know where their next meal is coming from and might not be not only for one meal a day, but also for a 24 hour span. So situation is growing more desperate. Israel says that it's allowing food aid into Gaza, but it's not being distributed. The UN agencies are saying, well, we can't distribute the food in many of the areas because of the chaos that has been left by the power vacuum in Gaza. It's simply too dangerous. So both the UN agencies and the Israeli military agency that is allowing food in or at an impasse, and the victims of all of that remain the Palestinian civilians living in Gaza.