 The new Netflix documentary is exploring the push to diversify Barbie in the 1980s. The show not only celebrates Black Barbie, but also recognizes her limitations. Alexis Christoffer spoke with the director and one of the creators of the dolls. Take a look. Last year the world came together to celebrate Barbie Summer in honor of the premiere of Greta Gerwig's box office smash. Well, it's time to buckle up in a new kind of Mattel Mobile with Black Barbie. The documentary now available for streaming on Netflix. The nearly two hour special brought to life by executive producer Shonda Rhymes explores the history of the iconic doll brand and the momentous role three black designers had in the creation of the first ever Black Barbie in 1980. These three women pictured here, Stacey McBride, Erby, Kitty Black Perkins, and Bula May Mitchell. Not only opened up a whole new world of inclusion and diversity at Mattel, but marked the moment many young girls saw themselves represented in a doll on the shelves for the very first time. I'm so grateful for the growth and the future of where Barbie is headed. So proud of Black women for calling out things that are important to us in spaces where we're so oftentimes silenced. When I designed this doll, there was a need for the little black girl to really have something she could play with that looked like her. I feel that I've been able to give some kind of joy to every little girl who played with any of the dolls that I've designed. And joining me now, writer, and director of Black Barbie, the documentary, LaGeria Davis, along with one of the creators herself, Kitty Black Perkins. It's great to have you both with us. Thanks so much for joining us. So LaGeria, this documentary was inspired by your at Bula May Mitchell. Tell me why it was so important for you to tell this story, especially on the heels of Greta Growig's history making film last year. Yes, it felt so important because I personally didn't know that Black Barbie had a story. And so I felt like potentially there was a chance that a lot of people didn't know that Black Barbie had a story that a lot of people didn't know about my aunt and Kitty and Stacey. And so it just really felt important to highlight these women and what they were able to accomplish and celebrate Black Barbie and them. I certainly learned a lot by watching it. I didn't know the history of it either. So Kitty, just bring us back to the days of designing the first Black Barbie in the late 70s, early 80s, because I know previous Black dolls in the line were marketed as Barbie's friends. So why was it so important to have a Black Barbie and have her be marketed in that way? It was important to have a Black Barbie because of the name Barbie. It's such an icon and having that name in itself allowed the little girls to play with the doll that was number one. And Black Barbie is included in the number one. For sure, I mean, she's been around for quite a while for decades now. And we just saw a picture of Shonda Rhymes holding up a Black Barbie. She got behind this project in a big way. What was it like to find out she was involved and wanted to be doing this with you? It was like a dream come true. I'm still pinching myself when we got that call that Shonda wanted to meet with us and was interested in the project. And so we were able to just amplify the story and take it to the next level. And so I hope everyone enjoys what we were able to do in collaboration with Shonda Land. And how important is it, Kitty, for that little girls of any color can own a Black doll and vice versa, right? I mean, isn't that really what it's all about is sharing all of this with everyone regardless of what they look like? Oh, absolutely. And when it comes to toys for me, and this is because I guess I grew up without a Black doll in my life, the impact is such that I feel like I can do anything. And I was the first Black designer at Mattel. There is a first Black Barbie at Mattel. So I feel like I can do anything. I'm on top of the world. Absolutely. And you're just bringing that out into the universe, which we love. LaGeria, just before we let you go, what's the message you hope this documentary sends to folks who watch it? You know, Barbie is about imagination. And I don't want to put limitations on the imaginations of the audience and what they walk away with. But I do love what Kitty just said about being on top of the world in no limits on how far you can go. You can dream the dream. You can live the dream. You can be the dream. And I hope our audience enjoys watching the film and feels inspired. It was definitely a fun watch for sure. And like I said, I learned a lot. LaGeria Davis, Kitty Black Perkins, thanks so much for joining us. Thank you. Thanks for having me on. Yes, likewise. And Alexis Christophe, first thank you. Black Barbie, a documentary is out now.