 Breaking news with a power broker who took a pretty bold move here in a case of alleged political corruption in the Garden State. The New Jersey Attorney General just charged longtime Democrat George Norcross in a sweeping case of racketeering. Norcross is an insurance and banking executive from just outside Philly with ties to former President Trump. And get this. Norcross actually attended the press conference announcing the charges. And the executive correspondent Aaron Kertorsky joins us now. Aaron, nobody's ever heard of this guy. Why is he important and tell us about how he's managed to wield power in that state for so long? He's been close to most governors in recent New Jersey history, Terry. And he's something of a throwback to an old school machine style politics in this country. And he may be one of the last true political power brokers in the nation. Norcross was a confidant of Governor Jim Floreo and New Jersey who was something of an outsized political figure himself. More confident maybe in a union hall than anywhere else. And even though he has this, you know, quoft rather poised appearance, he is known for bare knuckle tactics that were revealed today in a sweeping indictment that accused him of racketeering and corruption. And look, this indictment is more than 100 pages. What exactly is Norcross accused of doing here? So he has been accused of using public contracts and industrial redevelopment projects for his own ends. And for a long time, Kira, he was pretty open about what he was doing and how he was building all of his political relationships in New Jersey. But the state attorney general has now accused him of using strong arm tactics, extortion and the like to get developers out of the way so that he could win property rights, tax breaks for every piece of waterfront property, worth anything on the camden waterfront. This was supposed to be a project that revitalized New Jersey's poorest city instead. Prosecutor said Norcross and his co-defendants basically took it for themselves. There he was sitting right there in the front row. We'll follow it. Aaron, thanks.