 And we're learning new details in former President Trump's classified documents case. According to transcripts of audio reviewed by ABC News, Trump privately expressed concern that turning over potentially classified documents after a subpoena could result in criminal charges. ABC News Senior reporter, Katherine Falters joins me now from outside that courthouse in South Florida. Katherine Moore, can you tell us about these transcripts and how they're playing a role in this case? Well, these notes have been central to the special counsel's investigation since really the very beginning of it. To take you back a little bit, they have to do with Trump's former lead lawyer on the case, Evan Corcoran. There was litigation under seal in DC about piercing attorney client privilege so that he could then speak to the grand jury and provide notes. Now the notes are significant. They're not public. They're under seal. We've been able to review the notes and essentially report what they've said. But they're central to the allegations by the special counsel's office, the allegations that Trump was trying to hide classified documents out as a state that he was trying to mislead his lawyer, Evan Corcoran at the time, and that he was trying to obstruct the government's investigation. And what we're learning here in Diana and what's hugely significant, frankly, is the fact that according to his lawyer and the notes that his lawyer took, that Trump acknowledged that there would be some sort of criminal liability if he complied with this subpoena to hand back to the government those classified documents. Essentially, in admission that he may believe that he actually had done something wrong here. Of course, he ended up not complying with the subpoena and that is why he's charged here. But we're learning more information at least from these notes. This is something that the judge here in Florida will consider the Trump team. The defense team is asking that these notes and all this information provided by the former president's former lawyer not be admissible in the proceeding. So she's considering tossing these notes out entirely. And Katherine, given these are notes from his former lead attorney, why aren't they protected or wouldn't they be protected under attorney client privilege? Right, it's a good question, Diana. And typically they are. And what the special counsel's office did when the grand jury for this case was in Washington DC is they asked the chief judge of the court to essentially pierce attorney client privilege. They said that Trump was using his lawyer services in the furtherance of a crime, if you will. So then the judge ultimately found that attorney client privilege could be pierced under what we call the crime fraud exception, meaning that she found that there was enough evidence presented by prosecutors that Trump was using his services to commit a crime. So then Evan Corcoran, that lawyer had to testify before the grand jury turnover, all sorts of evidence, which frankly is the most damning evidence. The special counsel believes to their investigation. Now of course, Trump's lawyers are saying, wait a second, we don't think that that should be used here, which could be hugely significant down the road in this case, given that the indictment against Trump, frankly, includes multiple instances of what Corcoran, what this lawyer, provided to them as evidence during their investigation. So I know the defense is arguing this, but how is this argument going? Because if the prosecution is using these notes as such a big foundation of their case and the judge decides to throw them out, how successful is the defense going to be in arguing the whole case should go? Right, it's a great question. We just don't necessarily know what the judge will do here. But let's just say that the defense is successful in this. It will have huge implications on this indictment. What ultimately happens with the indictment, that information that the special counsel relied upon to bring the charges against Trump, and then ultimately this means that if this case ever goes to trial or when it goes to trial, that that information can't be used. That Evan Corcoran isn't a witness. So do we go back to square one with this? Doesn't have to be presented to a different grand jury. Do they revise the indictment? Is it just a matter of whether or not Corcoran testifies or not? We just don't know. We don't ultimately know what the judge will do. We may have a clearer indication of that die in this afternoon when she hears arguments, not only on the admissibility of the Corcoran information, but on other evidence that was gathered from Trump's home in August of 2022 when the FBI searched it. All right, Katherine Falders, thank you.