 At first, officials are issuing a new warning about dangerous beach umbrella incidents. They're recommending a new standard for anchoring your umbrella into the ground to keep you and others safe at the beach this summer. ABC's Victor O'Kendow is in Miami with the latest incident. A woman recovering after being severely injured by a beach umbrella. They're response to an umbrella going through a 85-build female's leg, she is awake and alert. This is the latest incident of beachgoers dodging umbrellas. In 2023, watch as this water spot in Clearwater Beach rapidly approaches shore. Umbrella's going airborne, turning them into dangerous projectiles, injuring two people. On a beach in Massachusetts, a 13-year-old hears to the arm in 2019. This was killed by a flying umbrella, sounds like a injury to the left arm. This umbrella barely missing a toddler. And in 2022, 63-year-old Tammy Peralt killed on a South Carolina beach after being struck by an umbrella. This warning, it's frightening scenes like these that prompted officials to establish new safety guidelines. Anything that can actually enhance the beachgoer's experience is the best thing possible. The updated standards from the American Society for Testing and Materials recommended 75 pounds of resistance on the bottom hole. This is one of the new umbrellas that meets all the new standard. This one has this orange line right there that lets you know how deep you should be. The next step is very important. You want to fill this base up. If you do this properly, a gust of wind of up to 30 miles per hour will not move this umbrella. Does it more about the umbrella itself or is it about the anchoring mechanism? It's both. It's both because the anchor is the most important part of it to get it into the sand in the proper depth and also having the enough poundage that the umbrellas come out during high winds. The US Consumer Product Safety Commission says to look for anchors with a label indicating meets ASTM F-3-681 for winds up to 30 miles per hour. Lifeguard show us how some current umbrellas have a hard time up against winds if not properly secured. They pray in the sand. They start to rock back and forth. It's not secure. Any kind of wind from any direction can actually pick this up and it goes flying easily. A small gust of wind starting to invert this beachgoer's umbrella as she was wrapping up for the day. It's just a mess to open up right now. They can be difficult but also if a wind came by, I could pick it up and cause an injury. Victor, kind of a Miami thank you.