 All right, it's time now for our last call celebrating June 10th, commemorating that day in 1865 when federal troops in Texas arrived to enforce the emancipation, proclamation, and end slavery. Abraham Lincoln signed the emancipation proclamation abolishing slavery in 1863, but it took the Confederacy two years to declare every enslaved person free. June 10th marks a pivotal moment in United States history celebrating the beginning of true freedom for all Americans. I want to bring this to my panel, Kelly, Angela Barbara and Brian, and Angela is starting here with you. We know President Biden. He signed legislation making June 10th a federally recognized holiday in 2021. So it was the first new federal holiday since Dr. Martin Luther King, June your day, nearly four decades ago. Talk about the importance of that recognition. Yes, I think that symbols are very important, but at this stage is so much more important for substance. And so as we remember, the 11,000 plus soldiers who accompanied General Gordon Granger to let enslaved people know they were free in Texas, let us also remember the importance of us standing together, continuing a fight for freedom. We know that we have so much further to go. And even when Joe Biden signed this into law two years ago, our rights have been significantly rolled back since that moment. And so we have so much more to do. I'm not just celebrating today. I'm also remembering and thinking about how much further we have to go to pursue freedom. And the celebration and the promise to do more of Barbara. We know, Opal Lee. She's the 97 year old Texan, and she's known as the grandmother of June 10th. She led the charge in making June 10th a national holiday. Tell us what you think of her story. Oh, Kudos to Good Morning America for feaching her this morning. I tweeted about it. So must watch TV recommended to everyone what a great heroine and she was a teacher. So what a great lesson for everyone her story. Absolutely. Absolutely. Demarca Morgan did a beautiful interview with her. It was absolutely wonderful. And Kelly, I just want you to weigh in. What does it mean to you today? Yeah, you know, this is personal for me. I have walked the grounds that my ancestors were held in bondage on. And for me, Juneteenth is about reflection. It's about gratitude. But it's also about looking forward to see what more we need to do right now in 2024 and beyond. Absolutely. I'm not sure if I'm hearing your son in the background, Brian, but maybe you want to weigh in as a husband and father here. Yeah. So for me, it's a little different. I'm born in Canada to Jamaican and Grenadian parents. So when I think of the abolishment of slavery, I think of 1834. And I think of when Jamaica became free in 62 and 74. But for me, it's that freedom starts at the stroke of a pen, but it takes a lot longer and a lot more fighting afterwards to ensure that all of us are free, whether you're born in America or otherwise. Yeah, echoing there what we heard from Angela. Thank you so much for all of you being here with us today. And that's it for our last call this half hour, Kelly, Angela, Barbara and Brian. Thanks to all of you.