 Today is June 10th, a day honoring the emancipation of the last enslaved Americans in Galveston, Texas on June 19th, 1865. Now, Abraham Lincoln signed the impanse of patient proclamation abolishing slavery in 1863, but it would take the Confederacy two years to declare every person free. Now millions of Americans are celebrating the newest federal holiday of June 10th considered America's second Independence Day. And we are marking June 10th by spotlighting the woman behind the holiday. Opalee is known as the grandmother of June 10th for her relentless push to make June 19th a federally recognized holiday. Now the 97 year old has achieved another great victory, returning to her family home in Fort Worth, Texas, which she now owns. Here's ABC's to Markle Morgan. It was a bittersweet moment, some 85 years and the making. On this day back in 1939, Opalee and her family were chased out of their home because of the color of their skin. And now for the moment and gift of a lifetime she thought she'd never lived to see. At just 97 years young, this is the moment Opalee walked into her brand new home. House keys and Bible in hand, the woman regarded as the grandmother of June 10th marveling at the furnishings and artwork. But although the house is neuterly, this Fort Worth neighborhood and even the lot the home sits on was once a place where she and her family resided 85 years ago before they were violently driven out by a racist white mob. I wish my mom made my dad could see me now. I've seen you now. Tell us about the moment you were 12 years old. My parents had bought a house here and my mom had it fixed up so nice. And on the 19th of June, it was that people started gathering across the street and the police were there. I guess when my dad came home with a gun, the police told him if he busted a cap, he'd left the mob at us. Was it because this was a white neighborhood? Yes. Yes. That was the reason. And they didn't want us. And it, it, it amazes me because we would have been good neighbors, you know? And recent years with the help of organizations like Texas Capital and Trinity Habitat for Humanity, Lee was able to purchase the property back for just $10. And who could have predicted that we would have ended up buying this lot several years ago that, and we didn't know the story, right? We had no idea what happened all those years ago. If we should learn anything from Opal, it's her, she never gives up. Does it feel like home to you? And I've said over and over again, when I go to the new house, I'm not taking anything but my toothbrush and shurn off. Who means anything else? The retired public school teacher hailed as a national figure. Hello young people. Four decades pushing the country to recognize Juneteenth as a national holiday, a day commemorating the end of slavery across the U.S. In 2021, that dream became a reality. You worked. Some people say single handedly to make sure that Juneteenth was recognized as a national holiday. I'm hoping that young people and everybody is a young person if you're not 97. So then, I want to young people to realize that we can make a difference. Last month, Lee recognized with the highest civilian honor, the president of Medal of Freedom. Before saying goodbye, we had to get a tour of the new place. I can't sit with everything in my head. This is so beautiful. You're going to be cooking, you're going to make me a pound cake? We're going to pick OORT