 Good evening. Welcome. In 1949, the leaders of 12 countries, including President Truman, came together in this very room. History was watching. It had been four years since the surrender of the Axis powers. In the end of the most devastating war the world had ever, ever known. Here, these 12 leaders gathered to make a sacred pledge to defend each other against aggression, provide the collective security, and to answer threats as one, because they knew to prevent future wars, to protect democracies, to lay the groundwork for a lasting peace and prosperity. They needed a new approach. They needed to combine their strengths. They needed a alliance. And here they signed the Washington Treaty and created the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. The single greatest, most effective defense alliance in the history of the world. Secretary General, leaders of NATO countries, foreign defense ministers, representatives of partner nations, and the European Union, and members of Congress, distinguished guests, welcome to the 2024 NATO Summit. It's a pleasure. It's a pleasure to host you in this milestone year to look back with pride at all we've achieved and look ahead to our shared future with strength and with resolve. Here we rebuilt Europe from the ruins of war, held high the torch of liberty during long decades of the Cold War. When former adversaries became fellow democracies, we welcomed them into the alliance. When war broke out in the Balkans, we intervened to restore peace and stop ethnic cleansing. And when the United States was attacked on September 11th, our NATO allies all of you stood with us in Volkow article 5 for the first time in NATO history. Treating an attack on us as an attack on all of us. A breathtaking display of friendship that the American people will never, ever, ever forget. For all this history, the great changes occurred people would ask, can NATO adapt? And every time we proved we could adapt, and we did. Volving our strategies to stay ahead of threats, reaching out to new partners to increase our effectiveness. And here with us today, our countries from the end of Pacific region. They're here because they have a stake in our success. And we have a stake in theirs. Today, NATO is more powerful than ever. 32 nations strong. For years, Finland is Sweden, among our closest partners. Now they have chosen to officially join NATO. And because of the power and meaning of article 5 guarantee, that's the reason. It was the most important aspect of the alliance in 1949, and it's still the most important aspect. I'd also note, Finland and Sweden joined the alliance, not just because their leaders saw it, because their citizens call for it, and overwhelming numbers. Remember, NATO's character is fundamentally democratic. Always has been and always must continue to be. And today, NATO is better resource than it ever has been. I want to pause on this because it's significant. In 2020, the year I was elected president, only nine NATO allies are spending two percent of their defense, GDP on defense. This year, 23 will spend at least 2 percent. And some will spend more than that. And the remaining countries that have not yet reached that milestone will get there soon. It's remarkable progress. Proof that our commitment is broad and deep. That we're ready. That we're willing. We're able to deter aggression and defend every inch of NATO territory across every domain, land, air, sea, cyber, and space. Our friends, it's good that we're stronger than ever. Because this moment in history calls for our collective strength. Autocrats on overturn global order, which is by and large, kept for nearly 80 years in county. Terrorist groups continue to plot evil schemes to cause mayhem and chaos and suffering. In Europe, food's war of aggression against Ukraine continues. And food wants nothing less than Ukraine's total subjugation to end Ukraine's democracy. Destroy Ukraine's culture and the wipe Ukraine off the map. And we know Putin won't stop at Ukraine, but make no mistake. Ukraine can and will stop Putin. A special our full collective support. They have our full support. Eme for Russia, Vovs are falling Ukraine. The Alliance acted. Or I ordered the U.S. reinforcements that NATO's eastern flank. More troops. More aircraft. More capabilities. And now the United States has more than 100,000 troops in the continent of Europe. NATO moves swiftly as well. Not only reinforcing the four existing battle groups in the east, but also adding four more in Bulgaria, Hungary, Romania, and Slovakia. Essentially, doubly NATO's strength on the eastern flank. Together we've built a global coalition to stand with Ukraine. Together we provide a significant economic and humanitarian assistance. And together we've supplied Ukraine with weapons and needs to defend itself. Tanks, armored fighting vehicles, air defense systems, long-range missiles, and millions of munitions. The United States and nearly two dozen Allied partners have signed a bilateral security agreement to the Ukraine. The more countries will follow, today I'm announcing the historic donation of air defense equipment for Ukraine. The United States, Germany, the Netherlands, Romania, and Italy will provide Ukraine with equipment for five additional strategic air defense systems. And in the coming months, the United States and our partners intend to provide Ukraine with dozens of additional tactical air defense systems. The United States will make sure that when we export critical air defense interceptors, Ukraine goes to the front of the line. But we'll get this assistance before anyone else gets it. All told, Ukraine will receive hundreds of additional interceptors over the next year. Helper protect Ukrainian cities against Russian missiles, Ukrainian troops facing air attacks on their front lines. Make no mistake, Russia is failing in this war. Over the two years in the Putin's war of choice, his losses are staggering. Over the 350,000 Russian troops dead are wounded. Nearly one million Russians, many of them young people have left Russia because they no longer see a future in Russia. And key, remember, fellas and ladies, supposed to fall on five days. Remember, we'll still stand in two and a half years later and we'll continue to stand. All we allies knew before this war of Putin thought NATO would break, today NATO is stronger than it's ever been in its history. And this census war began, Ukraine was a free country. Today it is still a free country. And the war will end with Ukraine remaining a free and independent country. Russia will not prevail. Ukraine will prevail. Ladies and gentlemen, this is a pivotal moment for Europe, for the trans-Lyne community. And I might add for the world, let's remember the fact that NATO remains the bulwark of global security did not happen by accident. It wasn't inevitable, again and again, at critical moments. We chose unity over disunion, progress over retreat, freedom over turning, hope over fear, again and again, we stood behind our shared vision of a peaceful and prosperous trans-Lyne community. Here at this summit we gathered to proclaim NATO is ready and able to secure that vision today and well into the future. Let me say this, an overwhelming bipartisan majority Americans understand that NATO makes us all safer. The fact that both Democratic Republican parties are represented here today is a testament to that fact. The American people know that all the progress we've made in the past 75 years has happened behind the shield of NATO. And the American people understand what would happen if there was no NATO. Another war in Europe, America troops fighting and dying, dictators spreading chaos, economic collapse, catastrophes. They know we're stronger with our friends. And we understand this is a sacred obligation. As President Reagan put it, and I quote, for our fellow democracies not secure, we cannot be secure. If you are threatened, we are threatened. If you're not a peace, we cannot be at peace. Reagan knew it then, and we know it now. Our nations will continue to keep faith with what we pledged and years to come. Now, if you'll indulge me, I'd like to end my remarks slightly unusual way. NATO is a alliance of nations, but also made up of leaders. And one person in particular has done an extraordinary job leading NATO for the last decade, Secretary General Stolenberg, when he comes forward. So much of the progress we made in the alliance is thanks to the Secretary. He's a man of integrity and intellectual rigor, a calm temperament, a moment of crisis, a consummate diplomat who works with leaders across the political spectrum and always finds a way to keep us moving forward. Secretary of Guy, this alliance is one of the most consequential periods in its history. I realize I was talking to your wife. I personally ask you to extend your service. Forgive me. And you put your own plans on hold. When the Russian war in Ukraine began, you didn't hesitate. Today, NATO is stronger, smarter, and more energized than when you began. And a billion people across Europe and North America, indeed the whole world, will reap the rewards of your labor for years to come. And the form of security, opportunity, and greater freedom. For these reasons, I am pleased to award you the highest civilian honor the United States can bestow a presidential medal of freedom. Ask a medal. North Korea is comfortable. And ask a degree of citation. The President of the United States of America awards this presidential medal of freedom to Yen Stoltenberg. A visionary statesman in ceaseless defender of democracy, Secretary General Yen Stoltenberg has guided the NATO alliance through the most consequential decade for European security since World War II. When Vladimir Putin launched his brutal assault on the people of Ukraine, betting that NATO would break, Secretary General Stoltenberg proved him wrong. Under his stewardship, NATO has become stronger and more united than ever. And Americans for generations to come will benefit from the safer world he helped create. He demonstrates that the core truth of the alliance is as powerful now as it was 75 years ago. Together, we are stronger.