 Racial justice and free speech groups are now joining forces to fight against a potential TikTok ban. The groups say a sailor ban of the platform would take away a critical tool for minority groups to build connections online and advocate for different causes. Fias Hussein of the Muslim Public Affairs Council joins me now for more on that. Fias, thanks for coming on. You know, impact is one of the groups fighting this potential TikTok ban. So talk me through this. How could it hurt your group's ability to get your message across? Well, thank you for having me. First of all, the fact remains that our community and other allied communities like the sea community, the Asian American community, African American communities are just not their stories, our narratives, they're just not portrayed and picked up as much on traditional platforms of media. And so TikTok has enabled this incredible opportunity for us to be able to dispel our stereotypes that have been propounded against us, all the disinformation that's out there about us and some of that put together even by elected officials and governments of the highest level in our case as the American Muslim community. So this really is the digital public square, which offers us an opportunity to show an unfiltered opinion of views of ourselves, stories of ourselves that people can learn and get to know us versus the other rising that happens to our communities every day, day and day out. How critical is TikTok specifically to accomplishing this goal? Could you not use another social media platform to try to do what you're doing now? I would argue that we won't be able to TikTok as we all know has this special secret sauce ingredient that somehow you may not be the highest content, most viral person out there. You may not have the most popular platformer issues, but TikTok somehow has the inability to still get your voices out there. Virtually unknown people have gone viral and their views have gone on to millions of people. This does not happen to us and others on social media as much as we see it. So I don't think it's as effective with other media companies. We certainly would like to use them as well, but TikTok for some reason has that figured out where average Americans across the spectrum can get their views out unfiltered. And so yes, TikTok is very unique in that sense. And Faye, lawmakers say TikTok poses a threat to data privacy and national security. So what's your response to that? Well, as a American Muslim and part of a group of folks like the Chinese Americans and Japanese Americans who have always heard this argument that a big group of class of people are suspect like happened to us in the Muslim ban that they've used national security. I think we think strongly as a pretext. And it's always the go to mantra when you want to discriminate viewpoints and don't want to get our information out there. And you claim national government claims on security. This happened to us with the Trump TikTok ban, which as you know, the government reversed and Biden was facing God and they reversed it on day one, saying that it was discriminatory ban and impacted our communities. And so I think that just this natural security argument, you need to present evidence and data showing that this has actually created a national security risk. Just statements and glorification of this concept of us all being threats is not acceptable. Particularly when it comes to First Amendment, something as dear and basic as the right of expression and freedom of speech in our country. It's so basic constitutional law that surprises me. The government keeps at it year after year. All right, if I as you saying thank you. Thank you for having me.