 In our spotlight, the GOP convention in Milwaukee kicks off just one week from today, the Republican National Committee drafting a 2024 platform that may usher in changes to the party's long standing positions on key issues like abortion, same-sex marriage and immigration. Sources TVC News former President Trump called into a meeting with party officials today to express his approval of a draft for a new Republican Party platform that while not finalized is expected to align closer to Trump's ideology. This as former President Trump seeks to distance himself with Project 2025, a policy and personal platform that would dismantle some federal departments, impose sharp limits on abortion access, and give the President more power over the federal workforce. I didn't get enough of them on the last episode here, so let's just go ahead and bring back our panel, Katherine, John, Marcia and Osma. So let's start with you now. The Democrats are fundraising and trying to bring awareness to that Project 2025. Why are they doing this? And is it a good strategy right now? Because it is so scary. That's why it's a fantasy playbook for the next Trump administration. And everything in it is just out of control. So I think that they are right to draw attention to this because it shows us exactly on paper what he plans to do if he does become President again. And that is become a dictator president. He would be empowered by a compliant Republican Congress. And then most frightening for me is that he plans to purge hostile federal employees, you know, those civil servants who aren't political appointees and to get rid of them to do whatever you want. They came flat-putted in the last administration and it looks like they're trying to plan ahead for this one. Osma, what are we hearing right now about the GOP platform and how it's evolving? Are we playing to the base or are we trying to recruit new Republicans here? Well, I would say it's playing certainly to Donald Trump's base. I mean, if you look at the party platform that we got released today, it reads in some ways like Donald Trump rally. Very little mention of some of the key social issues like abortion. There was just one mention of that. He talks about wanting to secure the border ending inflation. This is the red meat that you often hear Donald Trump talk about. John, are you in a griance here? Are we looking at an evolution here? Are we looking at just kind of a way to keep the base and keep moving forward with what we got going on so far in the Republican Party? Yeah. I think they're looking at an attemptive revolution, but I think they'd better be very careful because I don't think as many people are buying it as a thank you. I've been saying this for a while now. The Republican Party is still stocking primary vote. And I've got to realize I've got a general election now. And this ain't in the back for him yet. And they better pay attention to the middle where the 10% of people decide most elections. A lot of what they're proposing isn't going to be appealing to them. And Catherine, I want to finish up with you because this is definitely a question on everybody's mind, the VP announcement, the running mate. You know Trump is a showman. What are we expecting here? Fireworks, a song, I mean, a big speech. I mean, what is going to happen? I cannot wait. Social post, who knows? Look, his advisors have been on TV essentially saying that by this time next week, we will know who that VP contender is. Look, we've talked about Senators, Marco Rubio, JD Vance. So we know that they're top contenders, Doug Burgham, governor of North Dakota. Could there be a dark horse? Could he just denounce somebody that we haven't really been talking about? Sure. That could happen, but the reality is we will know in a week or less and the people that I just mentioned are the top contenders. I am surprised that you're not mentioning either Nikki Haley or Greg Abbott out of Texas, but you know what, you're the expert here. You all are. I don't know about that. I don't know about that. I know. Thank you for joining us guys. We really appreciate your time and efforts today.