 America's next drag superstar is... Nymphia win! To those who don't feel like they don't belong, just remember to live fearlessly and have courage to live your truth. And Taiwan, this is for you! It's such a great moment for Nymphia win for all of Taiwan. Welcome back. That was, as you can see, a clip from our next guest from the 14-time Emmy Award-winning reality show, RuPaul's Drag Race. It was awesome. Yeah, so fun. And earlier this morning, we got to chat with the crown winner, the Taiwanese queen, Nymphia win. Take a look. Of the season, she is the Taiwanese queen, Nymphia win. And all her glory, thanks to you. Welcome. Of course, thank you for having me. You don't want you to melt in the sun. Yes, we have our rainbow fans ready to pull ourselves off. We know you grew up in Taiwan and started drag there and moved to New York. What has this journey been like for you? All of Taiwan was so proud when you talked about being proud of your country. It's been so crazy, you know, coming from Taiwan in such a small country. It doesn't necessarily have the recognition. It has compared to other bigger countries. So coming from a little island and coming to New York, the big apple. And then for me, the biggest surprise was everything happening so fast. I wasn't expecting to come here and then like a few months after audition and then get on. So and then everything after that has just been on a level that I'm trying to catch up. Congratulations. It's really amazing for this to happen. And Taiwan, what's so special about it is in 2019, it became the first Asian country to legalize same-sex marriage. Thank you just for to me. The Taiwanese president, because you made him. Yeah. What is that like? That's crazy. I mean, like meeting the president of Taiwan was not in my options or in my dream or whatever I thought I could ever achieve. And like being able to meet her after winning was crazy. So that was like, I could die in my death bed and be like, I done that. What is it? I want you to be a part of this with your country's history because it was with 2019. It means so much, because I feel like meeting the president of Taiwan, it goes to show how progressive Taiwan is as an Asian country. It's like the first Asian country to legalize same-sex marriage. So presidents, I really fought for our rights and for her to like recognize my win on drag race. It's just like. She really, really loved it. She's really great here. Yeah. Yeah. Good golden child. I mean, literally the golden child. Yeah. I like her. I like to joke about that. I'm the national treasure of Taiwan. You're the national treasure of Taiwan, but you're also the ambassador to Taiwan pride team. Yeah. You're your first time marching. What are you expecting? I'm expecting a lot of Taiwanese flag and a lot of Taiwanese people to stand up and show out. So I'm very excited because this is my first ever New York pride. And I'm walking with Taiwan. So it's just monumental for me. So hopefully Taiwan gets to see how beautiful they are in New York. Come on. The outfits that you designed for the actual show were just amazing. I mean, we know that you have a background in fashion design. OK, so what did you study at school? That was all you studied with school at the fashion? So in university, I studied a course called Fashion Atelier, which is more focused on the craft rather than design. So what I love to do is hand sewing and really, so I design by making it. So I design while I'm making it. That makes sense. As you go along. Yeah, as I go along. That's where I caught on. Right? You had to create like you feel inspired. You go with the flow and then you create something. So this was something that you created on the fly like that? No, I don't. Well, not this round. But on drag race. And you paid homage to the banana costume, right? Yes. And watching on the show, you were so great about incorporating your culture into every piece that you've made. Was that something you did consciously? You wanted to always represent that way? Because I feel like as an Asian queen and being from Taiwan, I feel like it was really important for me to represent this country and represent my people and to do it the best I know how and through my drag and to really showcase a culture of a rich Asian culture. And you're not just representing your country here at the Pride, but also at the Paris Olympics. You're going to be marching in the cultural. Yeah, tell us about that. So I'm going to be performing at the cultural stage at that Paris Olympic set up in the park. So I'm going to be representing Taiwan and performing on that stage. So it's pretty amazing that I was able to be able to be that figure for Taiwan and to showcase the richness of the queer scene in Taiwan. That's outstanding. Well, we pay homage to you, Queen Nymphia, from RuPaul's Drag Race. Thanks so much for joining us. Have a great Pride. Happy Pride. Happy Pride.