 And it searches underway for an American woman after she vanished in the Bahamas last week. Taylor Casey was on a yoga retreat when her mother says she got a call saying her daughter didn't show up to classes. Now her mother says she's not satisfied with the answers she's getting. ABC's Morgan Norwood has the latest. The mystery deepening in the disappearance of Taylor Casey, the Chicago woman who vanished from a yoga retreat in the Bahamas. You know, a mother's intuition and answers I was getting just didn't correlate just wasn't what I wanted to hear. Her mother desperate for answers, traveling to the island herself to look for her daughter who's been missing since last week. A young lady, Kami and said, have you heard from Taylor? And I'm like, I'm looking at the phone because I know this. She was from the yoga. Reached and then she said Taylor hasn't showed up, but yoga classes. The 41 year old was last seen at the Sivananda ashram yoga retreat exactly a week ago today, near the Paradise Island area, which can be seen in these videos posted by the retreat online. Bahamian police issuing this missing person poster after the retreat says she didn't show up for morning classes. Casey's disappearance comes as a US State Department issued a level two travel advisory to the Bahamas due to crime. Her mother says she's been practicing yoga for 15 years and went to the retreat to fulfill her lifelong goal of deepening her practice. She was excited about attending this teacher's training so that she could learn, get her certification and then bring yoga back to Chicago. But this morning with no sign of Casey, her family and friends starting this Facebook page to help spread awareness and bring her home. It's very critical in the first day or two when somebody disappears because of the potential if they're in harm's way or they've been harmed. The longer it is before you find them, it just puts them in further jeopardy. And Morgan Norwood is here now with more on this story. Morgan, what's the latest on this investigation? You know, as Brad was pointing out in the piece, you know, every moment, every day is critical. All of that matters. So I'd imagine as Bahamian police are investigating, they're gonna be back out at that retreat, trying to retrace her last steps. And the one thing that's interesting about this retreat in general is that they also offer accommodations. It's unclear whether she was actually staying there and using those accommodations at the retreat, but that's a critical element of that as well. So they're gonna be trying to retrace her steps, but again, a lot of questions into how something like this could have happened, Diane. And what's the state department saying? Yeah, so the U.S. state department says that they are aware of the situation that they're working closely with local authorities as they continue to carry out this search. So certainly think of her family. All right, ABC's Morgan Norwood, thank you.