 get your popcorn ready for the because there are some summer hits that you cannot miss out on it. It's summer movie season and we're seeing some big releases at the box office and at home on streaming ABC's contributor and senior entertainment reporter ESPNs and scape Ellie Kelly Carter joins me now to talk about all the latest releases. Kelly you say there's some movies that we cannot miss. Talk to me about the sequels because that seems to be the theme of the summer. And I'm going to talk to you about the themes of the song. I'm going to talk about the themes of the song. And what colossal sequels they are first off, we have inside out two which has absolutely great themes. And what I'm going to talk about is how the themes of the song are highly anticipated Deadpool 3. That's coming in a few weeks, but already already it's on track to be the biggest opening of this year and the biggest opening of an R-rated film too. I think primarily that's because not only do we get to see Deadpool back in action, but we get to see the Wolverine. And we get to see the theme of the song. And what I'm going to talk about is the story of the movie. After that last Wolverine movie. So people are really looking forward to this so much so it's already making history and it's not even opening for a couple of four weeks in July. That's colossal. But also on the sequel train. We have to talk about Axel Foley back in action. And after a really long wait, we did not know if we would get to see the Detroit cop, you know, infiltrate Beverly Hills again, but we do. It's currently streaming on Netflix right now. And it's really great because it really is, you know, kind of reinvigorating. I think Eddie Murphy to fans. And we're seeing a lot of interviews and him really kind of talking about the excitement of this film. But I'm still not done with the story. I think it's really great to see the movie. It was so huge and so good. It's like the perfect summer popcorn movie. And it also quite frankly is a very redemptive film for star Will Smith. For a couple of reasons. I mean, I think one reason is that there's everybody at this point. I think it's probably over talking about, you know, this infamous slap. No more so than Will Smith. I think it's really helpful to see that he helped him make history as someone who is open with a number one film for now four decades straight. That is amazing. And it's incredible. And Will Smith is kind of on top of the world. Just recently kind of reignited that music career with his performance at the BET Awards. And Will Smith is on everyone's mind right now because now we want another bad voice equal. Definitely not to keep us busy this summer. Kelly Carter. Thank you. Happy fourth. Thank you, you too.