 Former President Trump's former senior adviser is reporting to federal prison today. Steve Bannon is set to serve a four-month sentence for Condemnt of Congress after defying the House January 6th Committee's subpoena earlier. He told reporters he's proud to go to prison. I am proud to go to prison. If this is what it takes to stand up to tyranny, this is where it takes to stand up to the Berlin Corrupt Criminal DOJ. If this were to take to stand up to Nancy Pelosi, if this is what it takes to stand up to Joe Biden. And let's bring in senior investigative correspondent Aaron Gertursky outside that prison in Danbury, Connecticut for more Aaron. What's the latest there in Danbury? Steve Bannon drove into FCI Danbury just before noon Eastern time to begin serving his four-month sentence for Condemnt of Congress. Diane, he held a lengthy bit of court on the lawn just across the street, smattering of supporters and detractors behind him making all sorts of noise as he said that he had no regrets. In fact, he said he would have been upset with himself if he hadn't defied the subpoena from the January 6th Commission that ended up getting him in trouble in the first place. And he called himself a political prisoner despite his conviction in federal court and the failure of multiple appeals, including one just last Friday when the U.S. Supreme Court declined to intervene. Now, Aaron Bannon's still an influential voice in conservative media. Trump himself has echoed Bannon's rhetoric about retribution, for example. How significant is this sentence? And could it bolster his power in a way? Well, that's how he sees it. He says that his voice is not going to be silenced just because he himself is going into to federal prison. And so in that way, he seems to characterize himself a martyr. But he says Diane, he is not a martyr because martyrs die and the way he sees it, him and his movement are far from dead. And yesterday on this week, Bannon told Archie Washington correspondent John Carl that some of Trump's former administration officials should be worried if Trump wins the election. What do you think he meant by that? And what are you watching far not only as he serves the sentence, but also as he said to be released just before Election Day? And we asked Bannon what former president Trump had said to him or what his communications with him had been like over the last couple of days. And he declined to really characterize. He said that Trump told him to keep fighting. And he said he told Trump to keep fighting. And they've both talked about this notion of retribution. And it's not clear what exactly they mean. Bannon has spoken in terms that could be taken as inciting violence, even though he says that's not what he intends to portray. But he does believe that people like Merrick Garland and Nancy Pelosi and others associated with Democrats and the Biden Justice Department ought to be accountable. Now, for what? He doesn't make clear, but the way he sees it, his federal case is political and any federal case tied to former president Trump is the same. All right, senior investigative correspondent, Erica Tursky. Thank you.