 I'm Diana Miseida, we're following breaking news. The Supreme Court is siding with the Biden administration to challenge two federal government efforts to combat misinformation on social media. Two states and five social media users argued government officials unconstitutionally stifled their speech by allegedly coercing social media companies into suppressing certain content. But in a six-three decision, the majority found the plaintiffs lacked standing to sue. ABC senior Washington reporter Devon Dwyer joins me now along with ABC Supreme Court contributor Kate Shaw for more. Devon, this ruling overturns an injunction that would have limited contact between the government and social media companies. How significant is that? That's a big deal, Diane, for public health groups, election integrity organizations that wanted to ensure that public social media platforms have accurate information as we head into the election. If we head into another public health crisis, also national security groups are now celebrating this decision as an affirmation that the government can continue to coordinate with these social media outlets over the information that's on their pages. This was a case that pit a government's ability to persuade private companies to take certain action, which is generally lawful, with the general inability of government to coerce private companies to take down speech and limit people's content on these sites. This was a case brought by two states, five individuals who said that they're different views about the COVID-19 vaccine, about mask wearing, about the results of the 2020 election. We're illegally removed from those sites, like Facebook and Twitter, and that it happened because the government forced those companies to take them down. But the Supreme Court today, in this decision by Amy Coney Barrett, said the evidence simply wasn't there that the government itself was responsible for these specific posts coming down, and certainly Amy Coney Barrett wrote, have there isn't evidence that in the future, the government will harm these individuals, and therefore there's no standing, and this challenge can go away. Kate, the plaintiffs tried to argue, as part of this case, that these posts were taken down for political reasons, not just misinformation. So now that the court has ruled against them, what protections are in place to prevent the government from trying to limit social media posts that they politically disagree with? Right, well, so this is just a standing decision, so it actually doesn't really address the kind of substantive question of where the line might be when government is permissibly communicating with social media platforms, and when it might cross online, trying to stifle speech that it disagrees with or disapprove so. But here, essentially, as Devon was saying, what the court concludes is that these social media companies already have their own content moderation policies. So really what these plaintiffs were complaining about is things that the platforms were doing anyway. They want to take down misinformation and disinformation. Again, some of the content, it issue involved skepticism about mask wearing, the promotion of untested and potentially dangerous COVID treatments, and then election-related misinformation. And these social media companies want to take that information down. So essentially, there was no indication that the things that they did, they did at the behest of the White House. Now, government officials were communicating with platforms, officials from the White House, from the FBI, from the cybersecurity agency, because they do have an interest in public health and public safety. And social media companies, these platforms are a huge part of our collective public lives. But here, the court basically tells the government that this broad injunction, that the district-oriented issue, that said, government really can't communicate with these social media companies at all, is no longer, and in fact, actually, it had already been put on hold. So again, going into this fall, government is able to communicate with social media companies. There is a first amendment line. The government still can't coerce or try to prohibit speech that it disapproves of. But this case doesn't actually really speak to where that line is. It would remain for a future case in a future court to really articulate those boundaries. And Devin, the court is nearing the end of its term with a number of major decisions still on the docket. What are some of the key rulings you're watching for? A lot of big rulings still to come, Diane. We had hoped that today we would see more than two cases. That's all we got. But we're still waiting to hear from the court on whether former president Donald Trump has absolute immunity from criminal prosecution, whether women in emergency situations when they present at hospitals, even in states where abortion is banned, have to have access to that procedure to protect their health. We're also waiting an interesting case, Diane, and a consequential case out of Oregon, where there states can criminalize homelessness and, in fact, sleeping in public. Can that be ticketed? Can you be jailed for sleeping with a blanket somewhere? And then there's a multi-billion dollar bank for up-sea case coming for Purdue. Farma, the maker of OxyContin, the big driver in the opioid crisis in this country, can that go forward? Can those settlements be paid out to those thousands of victims and cities in states? The Supreme Court will decide whether that can be approved and whether the Sackler family, which has owned that company, can receive immunity in exchange for that deal. So a lot on the line, several others, and we will expect more opinions tomorrow. All right, Devon Dwyer, Kate Shaw, thank you both.