 We have breaking news. A Supreme Court is upholding a ban on guns for people under domestic violence restraining orders. In the 8-1 ruling Chief Justice Don Roberts writes an individual found by a court to pose a credible threat to the physical safety of another may be temporarily disarmed, consistent with the Second Amendment. A.B. S. New Senior National Correspondent Terry Moran joins me from outside the Supreme Court, along with A.B. S. New Senior Washington reporter Devin Dwyer, A.B. S. Chief Justice correspondent Pierre Thomas and A.B. S. New Senior contributor Brian Buckmeyer for more. Terry, this decision reverses a ruling from the Federal Appeals Court in New Orleans that had struck down that law. So what do you make of how Chief Justice Roberts phrased this opinion and what kind of impact is it expected to have nationwide? Diane, this is a big case. This draws new limits on that Second Amendment constitutional right to keep and bear arms. You remember a couple of years ago there was a case out of New York involving a concealed carry regulation. The Supreme Court struck that down, saying the only regulations that we will uphold are ones that are, quote, consistent with our nation's historical tradition of firearms regulation. So in this case, a man who had been under a restraining order for domestic violence was indicted by the Federal Government for possessing a firearm. There's a federal law that prevents people who are under restraining order for domestic violence from owning a firearm. He challenged that, saying that is not consistent with the Second Amendment as the Supreme Court has said it was. And in this case, eight to one, eight justices agreeing that the Second Amendment can disarm people who are dangerous, writing for the Court the Chief Justice, John Roberts, saying, when a restraining order contains a finding that an individual poses a credible threat to the physical safety of an intimate partner, that individual may, consistent with the Second Amendment, be banned from possessing firearms while the order is in effect. Since the founding onation firearms laws have included provisions that prevent individuals who threaten physical harm from having firearms. So this is a big case that now draws a line in an area that's in pretty wide open. The meaning of the Second Amendment's right to keep and bear arms. And this comes as good news to women and others across the country who fear weapons, firearms in the hands of their abusers. Here, what kind of a response are you hearing from the law enforcement community? Well, the Attorney General just put out a statement praising this decision for the very reason that Terry just mentioned that for so many victims of domestic abuse, this will be a sigh of relief. We're looking at some numbers just this year alone. Over 950 people have been killed in domestic violence cases involving guns. Last year, more than 1900 people killed in domestic violence situations involving guns. In other words, someone was being abused. The abuser got a weapon and then killed that person. In many conversations with people who advocate for domestic violence victims, I've been struck by what they've had to say about living in fear and worrying that the abuser will somehow get access to a gun. This is a great bomb of relief for many of those people. And Tevin, we just saw those stats on the screen. The gun violence archives says 952 domestic violence murders involved guns so far this year. I know you've spoken to victims of domestic violence. How significant is this ruling to them? This is a very personal and emotional decision, Diane. We did interview a number of women who had suffered at the hands of an abuser who had a weapon. In fact, I spoke to Lache, Cray Chan, a mother of two from Louisiana, who said she wished she had gotten a restraining order against her ex-boyfriend at the time. It was a heroine ordeal. And here's how she described it. He shot me behind my head and in each hip. And I felt right next to my daughter. And my great aunt, she was just like, oh my god, he killed himself and she was at the door. I didn't think you were going to make it. Yeah. I was just bleeding so much I could feel the blood. Do you think if he had been subjected to a domestic violence restraining order that maybe he wouldn't have been able to get that gun? Yes, I do. I do. And that episode with Lache happened just before the law was passed in 1994. And since that time, Diane, the FBI tells me it has effectively stopped the purchase of more than 77,000 firearms by people who were under domestic violence restraining orders at the time. So it has worked supporters of this law, say, and it will continue to work now that the Supreme Court has upheld it. And Brian, Justice Amy Coney Barrett writes in her concurring opinion that the Second Amendment is not absolute. How significant is that? And what kind of precedent will this case set? Yeah, so she's right. And the Second Amendment is not absolute. And that we, both from a modern and traditional standpoint, we limit weapons. There are weapons that exist today that did not exist some 100, 200 years ago that have limitations on them. But I think in terms of precedence, the most important quote that I read out of this, at least as a defense attorney, is that a court must ascertain whether or not this new law that might be challenging there today or going forward, is quote, relevantly similar to laws that our tradition is understood to permit. And it continues on by saying, applying faithfully the balance struck by the founding generation and modern circumstances. And so I think going forward, we're going to have a lot of courts look and say, OK, what does it mean to be relevantly similar? And does this new law have some sort of basis in the tradition of trying to limit guns from certain people for the protection of all in a way that we can understand from modern society and how these weapons in modern day USA might negatively affect or apply to us as individuals or as a society? All right, Terry Moran, Pierre Thomas Devon Dwyer, Brian Buckmeyer. Thank you all.