 Tensions are high on Israel's northern border with Lebanon amid new signs of illumining war with Hezbollah. The IDF says its fighter jets hit terror targets in southern Lebanon overnight after Hezbollah launched nearly 300 rockets at Israel. Chief National correspondent Mecca Men joins me now from Tel Aviv Israel for more on that. Matt, what's the latest on the fighting in the North now? Day and every time it seems that there's this spasm of violence in both sides, which have said they're so close to war for months now, seem like they're about to really go into an all-out war, which would be devastating, especially since his Bala has about 100,000 season troops. Israel has said it would obliterate Lebanon, but just about as it's about to happen each time one or both sides sort of pulls back from the edge. We heard the deputy leader of his Bala say that war with Israel is not an option. They've also reiterated that they are willing to engage in a ceasefire with Israel once it commits to a ceasefire with Hamas in Gaza. So they're stepping back from the ledge. There are thousands and thousands of acres burned by the hundreds of rockets fired by Hezbollah over the past couple of days in northern Israel. Those seem to be under control at this point. Israel, as you mentioned, has been bombarding with air strikes parts of southern Lebanon, but that seems to have calmed down. So both sides at this point, Diane, seem to have stepped away from the brink. And at this comes amid renewed ceasefire talks with Hamas. What are you watching for there? You know, Diane, it's always so hard to know. There have been so many sea saws in this rounds, these rounds of negotiations between Hamas and Israel over the past nine months that it's hard to get excited by anything. But the administration in Washington is saying that there is significant progress. They really do seem hopeful. And to give you a sense of the urgency by the administration to get this deal finalized. I'll read you remember there are eight American hostages believed held captive in Gaza. Five of them still alive that President Biden spoke with Israel's Prime Minister Netanyahu yesterday pressing that urgency and the need to get this done. So it appears that both sides are getting closer to an agreement. Israel is sending a delegation to Doha to talk it over more. We don't know how far away they are, but the fact that both sides and the USA that there is now progress that they are hopeful is a good sign. A reminder, Israel says there are about 120 hostages being held in Gaza. It's unclear, Diane, though. How many of those people are still alive? Meanwhile, the IDF says at least five Palestinians were killed in a raid in the West Bank. What's the latest on that? Israel has been targeting the Northern West Bank city of Genie, which has been a stronghold of Islamic jihad and some other militant groups for years, but they have intensified their campaigns in the West Bank. That is the IDF. And the military groups on the ground say they're increasingly there trying to emulate Hamas in Gaza. So Israel has been trying to crush them and we've seen raid after raid into towns like Genie and Israel is doing as using a method of war that hasn't used in years in the West Bank, which is airstrikes as well. So obviously the destruction there in Genie is pretty intense Palestinian officials reporting that five Palestinians were killed in that most recent raid. Israel saying that it managed to kill an operative from Islamic jihad and others. But this is this kind of rolling raids that we've seen across the West Bank now for months, Diane. And it's sort of a story that's overshadowed by the intensity of the fighting in Gaza, Diane. All right, Mac Gutman, Intelli, Israel. Thanks, Matt.