 At first glance, Crescent Regional looks like any other hospital. But there is something here. That sets it seriously apart. Hi Mr. Modi, how are you today? I feel good actually, in fact. You're looking at Dr. Sadhu Singh. Okay nice. Just not in the flesh. I don't think you're okay. You let the car to go. They look scared. He has teleported to this hospital in Lancaster from several cities over. Why is it so cute? To meet with a patient via hologram. We have an equal team. In 3D, real time, and life size. Say great technology. Crescent's CEO, Raji Kumar, says her hospital is the first in the nation to ever do it. I'm super excited of being able to bring some of this technology to not Texas. It is clearly cool. Yeah. But what's the point? Well here's an example. The hospital has a clinic 45 minutes away in farmers branch. Instead of driving back to the hospital for a simple pre-op, post-op or follow-up appointment. Our doctors in the north side of town don't have to drive 30 miles to see one of their patients. They can just hop into the studio and they can have a constant doctor who's saying and Crescent's other providers can now simply step into the clinic's studio. You just turn it on and then they let you know that the patient is already there. We're a monitor, mic, and camera. And you can do the examination and stuff on the video call. Teleport them to the hospital. This is what we are using it for now. Kumar plans to put more studios in doctors' offices and homes. It's like kind of your face to face. And more holo boxes in her hospital. I was looking into charge. So doctors can teleport directly into patient and emergency rooms. When I see the patient right there, the emergency room, that will give me more chance that what is going on over there. In an interview via the holo box, doctor Hussein told me a hologram is as close to in person as it gets. The patient is seeing you and it's more like closer to reality than the different patients being more comfortable, you know? It is all very new of course. Oh yes. There are lots of questions. Definitely in the future, there will be more things coming day by day. For now, we know there is a hospital here at home testing new technology. Okay, you will see it. Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. That could change the future of medicine.