 Our next guest is one of the funniest guys I know of course fun and on the daily show and known for his role on Netflix's dash and Lily. Joy what a. Hi, when you also debuted on Broadway to I did I'm very impressive. It's called B. Or you are you also were of a new Amazon movie space because that you got a lot going on. You're also part unicorn. Yes, yes, and I've heard you described as mixed Asian. Yeah, right. That's where this. That's that part unicorn part Asian. I understand. And yet you've also been able to express your sexuality in the roles that you played. What is pride being to you today? I knew someone was going to ask me. You do it. It's such a pageant question. And I still didn't have a perfect answer for it. But I don't know. I pride means whatever you want it to mean. I feel like to me it just means loving yourself and loving others and you know even the parts that you don't necessarily love all this time. It's it's a it's a never ending journey of finding that love for yourself. That's my pageant answer. Thank you. That's a good pageant answer. You're you're like a multimedia star, right? Yeah, you're everywhere. Do you feel like there's enough representation in media today? Um, no. That's a good answer. That's right. You joined the daily show this past year as a correspondent. What was a joining the show has been for you? What do you feel like? It's been I've been telling people it's the dream job that I never knew that I wanted. I like you mentioned earlier the movie, Face Cadet, I desi Lydic, another course on it was in that movie and that's how I met her. And so we were shooting for three weeks in Alabama, beautiful Alabama, but it was beautiful actually. And at the end of shooting, she she just turned to me and said, would you be interested in auditioning for the daily show? I like the way you say things. And I said, I don't know what that means, but thank you. And later less than a month later, I got offered the job there was obviously audition. Oh, no, I'm losing my identity. Oh, no, no. I'm kidding. That's what pride is for to help you stay strong. Yeah. OK, we're back. We're back. It'll fall later. Did you always know you wanted to do this? Or I mean, like, how did this all happen for you? The daily show? Everything. Well, I started doing the drama when I was 16 because my older brother forced me to. Uh-huh. Because he saw that I had no friends. And he was like, if you might like these weird people. And, um, and then honestly, it's, it never really culminated as like, oh, this is what I want to do with my life. It's sort of, this is all I know how to do. And I know that I enjoy creative people. And so I've always just sought out that community. And so it's still working out. And so we'll see what happens. Look at our friend, Frankie. The third day is a very loud. Oh, that friend, Frankie. Frankie. Hi, Frankie. Hi. Hi. You've mentioned the film's place to get a few times. Yeah. Tell us a little bit about what it's about and what is your role in the film? Well, I have a very small role, but it was just that it's how I got the job in the daily show. So that's why it's special to me. But it comes out on Prime Video on July 4th and it's starring Emma Roberts. And it's that she plays this like Florida party girl who, uh, who unethically gets into NASA space camp and, uh, and shenanigans and so. And I just play one of the, uh, one of the other space cadets. That's the title of the film. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then we're seeing video right there from it. Hey, you know, we're in this unique position right now to be live on ABC News live right now. And you can just imagine there are probably young people who are watching this who may not be out right now. What message do you have for them? Um, honestly, come out on your own terms. I don't think I feel like sometimes with pride growing and, you know, becoming more mainstream, I feel like there's a lot of pressure to come out sooner and be loud and proud. And the reality is in this country, I don't think that it's necessarily the safest option for some people. And that doesn't mean that they can't have pride on their own and with close friends and family, but I would say like coming out and being proud is your own journey. And so do it on your own time and in your own comfort. I think that's what I would say. That was an excellent page. Thank you so much. Very good. But, um, I mean, what's talking about it? It was like, you know, coming out, coming out, it's not people in. Isn't that great? As we know who you are as a queer person, you know who you were, you've been thinking about it. It's letting someone into your home, right? So when I let you in, what you do with my furniture, the painting in my wall, it's really sensitive to me. It's my self. Yeah. So letting people in is what we're doing as queer people. Do you let people into your home and rearrange your furniture? No, I don't. I'll be by next Tuesday. So if I get twisted, it's just, it is. You see, this is what I mean, like it comes so naturally to. This is like, this is got it. Troy, a water, you're a pleasure. Thank you so much for being here. Thank you so much for having me. Happy Pride.