 Tick-tack ads could soon contain AI-generated avatars of your favorite influencers. The social media site is launching a new program called Symphony, which allows brands to create AI-generated representations of real influencers and actors to sell their products. Take a look. With avatars I can speak any language, making it easier than ever to form real and native connections with local communities. In fact, I don't speak French, but for what? I can. Thanks to avatar. Tick-tack has built these avatars with user safety in mind, and avatar videos are always marked as being AI-generated, so viewers have full transparency into what they're seeing. A tick-sock, as you heard there, says the avatars will be labeled as AI-generated, but that label might not carry over if the video is downloaded and shared to other platforms. So let's break this down with the help of ABC News Senior reporter, Emmanuel Suleba, for more. Emmanuel, these avatars are based on real people. So how does this program work? It's a fascinating program that's still in a beta testing mode, so you and I wouldn't be able to access it only brands. But the way that it works is you have several different options. So you have one which is brands can go in and they can select stock avatars. So those are, they were actors that got money to be able to use their likeness, so you could go ahead and select any of the avatars. And then the other is a custom avatar where it's an influencer that's well known on the platform. And they've agreed for their digital likeness to be used. And you can go in and have them represent your brand or speak a different language, they can, you can select over 30 different languages, different voices, different accents, as we saw in that video. So a brand just jumps on and says, okay, we like this influencer and we want this ad to be in French and here's what we wanted to say. And just like that, you have a video of this recognized influencer endorsing this product in the language chosen. Yes, but it's a bit more complex than that. TikTok told us that there is moderation that happens behind the scenes. So if you're an influencer that's signed up to this program, first of all, you have to have signed up. You're getting paid for your digital likeness. And then you have approval over which brands are using your digital likeness and what they're making you say. So there's some safeguards put in place for the part of the program that is these custom avatars, which we just saw. So what are the main concerns at this point and what is TikTok doing to address them? So TikTok tells us and I spoke on the phone with them for a long time this morning kind of going over all of the different aspects of this tool. And the main concerns, you know, for anyone hearing about this is going to be safeguards. Like I just say, are you able to just make them say anything? Well, TikTok says, no, we've put, you know, different types of moderation in place from creation to upload. So there are different lights that you have to go through. Brands have to get approval from the custom avatars, from these influencers to represent their products. And it's still in beta testing mode. So it's very small and it's very controlled. To be fair to the platform, they've been one of the platforms that that has implemented policies around AI generated content at a faster rate and a more strict rate than other platforms. They were the first to have AI label generated labels. So let's say you're creating something that has AI, you have to label it, further policy. They've also implemented something called content credentials, which we've talked about a lot, which is the ability to detect if a piece of content is uploaded to their platform and has this metadata that says it's AI generated. The TikTok can detect it and then label it. So they're taking a lot of steps. You can't create AI generated content of miners, which we're seeing on other platforms and is a really big problem at the moment. So they're being quite smart about how they're rolling this out. And a manual amount of time, but quickly, where do you see this program going from here? What's the next step? For creators, they say it's a way to make more money to monetize their creativity and their talents and to reach global audiences. If you're an influencer in France and you only speak French, you can now have influence in the US or in Latin America. You can translate your work, you can translate your content. So there's more reach. I think from the consumer standpoint, it's about authenticity and it's about trust and is authenticity changing now? Are we okay with AI generated people selling us products? I think there's a wider discussion we're going to have as a society. That seems to be how a lot of these pieces end. A larger conversation that feels like it's growing rather than shrinking. Manuel, thank you so much. Thank you.