 And are you still looking to find the best deal on your summer vacation? Well, look no further. Travel industry editor from the points guy Becky Blaine joins me now to share some tips for us. Becky, thanks for coming on. You know, we're not all great at planning ahead. So for my fellow procrastinators out there, is it too late to find good deals on a summer vacation? Well, thanks for having me. It's not too late. We are still seeing airfares down your rear domestic airfares down about 18 percent. European airfares are down about 37 percent right now is the time to look at the late summer. So August, you must still might be able to find some deals even into September. And of course, we think it's never too late to start already planning for the holidays. But TVD on what rates you're going to find there yet. But summertime, don't count it out yet. There are still award tickets and cash bears to be had. Where should I start if I want to use miles or credit card points for booking that travel? I would start with Google flights. We recommend that a lot. We love it to be able to see across multiple different carriers, what the pricing is, and then go direct to that carrier when you're ready to book. If you're looking for miles, then you can always start to with the loyalty programs. You know, whether you have transferable credit card points or airline miles, see what that award space is looking like. But there's a new great add on called points path that you can enable on your Google browser. And it will show you mileage reductions next to the cash prices also. So that's a really cool option if you want to be able to look at both sides. And why something like why Google flights and not something like orbits, for example? Well, Google flights pulls in now Southwest is in Google flights too. So you really get a comprehensive look at carriers. And then they're pulling some of that real time data too. So you're going to be able to see probably more options and better pricing straight to your Google and then go definitely to the carrier, verify everything before you book. All right, Becky Blaine, always great to have you on. Thank you.