 Scandinavia can be one of the most expensive places to visit in Europe, especially right now. The Solstice kicks off the biggest holiday of the year in the region, but joining that mid-Summer celebration doesn't have to break the bank. ABC's Maggie Rooley is in neighboring Estonia to show that same charm at a very different price for this week's bucket list on a budget. Medieval cities, beautiful nature, and temps that don't break the thermometer. This is Estonia, right across the Baltic Sea from Stockholm and Helsinki. One of the other great things about Estonia is when the rest of Europe is baking, Estonia is going to be relatively cool and moderate in temperature, and Estonia overall is just much cheaper than anywhere else in Scandinavia or Europe for that matter. We start in the capital, Tallinn, one of Europe's most well-preserved medieval cities, a UNESCO world heritage site. And its charming old town is free to explore. I totally fit in. You can also buy the Tallinn city card at about 20% less than Stockholm's for $45 a day. The way that you get access to more than 50 museums and cultural sites as well as public transit. Let's go. At this pace, I need caffeine. Then Tallinn's known for its thriving caffeine here. I get to have twice as much because a cappuccino costs just $2. That's about half what it would be in Stockholm. Recharged, we head out to Estonia's countryside. To get there, you'll need a card. You can normally rent one here for about $60 a day. In Stockholm, the same ride would cost you 120. And all of this is just 30 minutes from the city. I can choose like this one. Chris costs the entire country some as long as 500 miles. And nature here is always free. And if you're feeling brave, we're going bog swimming! Woo! Rain or shine? Estonians enjoy their nature! Thankfully, they also love their comfort. In just like Scandinavia, Estonians know how to do cozy well. A summer fire, these coastal views, it's perfect. Tucked away in this beautiful landscape, here you can find luxury, sandy-style hotels on a budget. This is a mirror house and it's built to seamlessly blend into the nature surrounding it. It is so cool! Now here in Estonia, a place like this goes for about $200 a night. In Sweden, it would be 600. After a day in nature, it's time to relax with a traditional favorite. And like their Scandinavian neighbors, Estonians love Tassana. And you can check out a public sauna for as little as $10. And sauna goes so well with spa. Relax, Maggie. In Estonia, an hour long massage normally costs well under $100. It'll be double that in Stockholm. Estonian culture is on full display throughout the year. Plain year visit in the winter and experience Tallinn's Christmas market. Or like us, for summer soul stints and mid-summer. Where the whole country stops to celebrate the midnight sun. Diane, today here in Estonia, we get nearly 24 hours of sunlight to celebrate. Now, mid-summer is known as a magical time of good fortune and healing. So from this gorgeous medieval town square in Tallinn, Estonia, back to you in New York Dan. We are sending you all of the mid-summer good vibes. Maggie Bruelly, thank you friend. Maggie looking radiant. As always, thank you.