 Israeli officials are visiting the White House today for informal meetings with national security adviser Jake Sullivan. This comes after the White House canceled a meeting with Israeli officials to discuss Iran. White House sources Tel Aviv's news. The Biden administration is angry and frustrated after Prime Minister Netanyahu accused the U.S. of withholding weapons from Israel. Now we're learning that Netanyahu was reportedly once again making that video criticizing the U.S. Senior White House correspondent Selena Wang joins me now along with foreign correspondent Tom Suthi Burj and Tel Aviv Israel for more on this. Selena, how important is this meeting today and what more do we know about what Sullivan and these Israeli officials plan to discuss? Yeah, Diane. Well, we know these are more informal meetings. These are with Tottene and Yahoo. AIDS. Top Israeli officials are meeting with national security adviser Jake Sullivan at the White House today. We also know that there was supposed to be a high level formal meeting today with top Israeli officials in their U.S. counter-pars at the White House today, but that was canceled. It was canceled over this latest spat that started after Netanyahu released that video accusing the U.S. of withholding weapons from Israel. The White House strongly disputing that saying it's false that weapons are still going to Israel as normal as expected, except for that one shipment of 2,000 pound bombs. Sources here at the White House tell me that they're angry and frustrated with Netanyahu. Some are even telling me that his actions are beyond the pale. Now all of this really shows how the Biden administration's patience with Netanyahu is running very thin, but the dialogue is continuing. You have the meetings today. Boyd Austin is also expected to meet with Israel's defense minister in the coming days. And Netanyahu, of course, also planning to come to Washington next month and give a speech in front of Congress. Tom, Israeli media says several Israeli officials told Netanyahu not to make this video where he criticized the U.S. and accused the U.S. of withholding weapons. So why did he go ahead with it and how are people in Israel reacting to all of this? Well, look, Prime Minister Netanyahu has been in the political great game for a long time and in his autobiography, he actually speaks kind of proudly about how he has, you know, dabbled in American politics sometimes, changed American public opinion to Israel's national interest. I don't think this play by Netanyahu as a typical. I mean, look, his critics here are using it to attack him. Benny Gantz, who left the war cabinet just over a week ago, is saying that it is not in Israel's strategic interest and it is being done for political reasons. Netanyahu is under a lot of political pressure. He's in this fairly fragile political alliance with hard-right parties. There are controversial issues like whether or not Orthodox Jews should be compelled to fight in the military, do national service. These type of issues have been kind of played out within that coalition and he's under pressure about his relationship with the Biden administration and of course the war in Gaza, which drags on. And, Selena, how could this tension between the US and Israel impact that war in Gaza, especially with concerns of a wider conflict? Yeah, Diane, I mean, at a time when Israel is facing these increasing threats from Hezbollah, it's not helpful for Israel to have that video and show these increasing tensions with their main ally. The US is deeply concerned about these escalating tensions between Lebanon and Israel. The White House even dispatched a top Biden age to the region to try and prevent this from escalating into an all-out war. The US is trying to push for diplomatic solutions as the entire region is on edge. As Tom said, the war in Gaza continues to rage and Hezbollah is very different from Hamas and Gaza. Hezbollah is better armed. They're more well-funded, better equipped. So there are very deep concerns here about how any miscalculation there could turn into a deeper conflict. Selena Wang, Tom Sufi Burj, thank you both.