 Let's get back to Brett's time in and her children Richard and Monet stuck in Montego Bay right now. Brett tell us what you're seeing and how the family is holding up. Well, right now I'm seeing a beautiful Sunday, but much different than yesterday. But we have just been trying. It's been really hard. They canceled like five of our flights. We didn't go to the airport. We didn't see that was a smart idea, but we've been in our room. No power at all. No AC. No television. Our phones are probably dying soon. And we've just been trying to deal with it all. What are the airlines telling you about when you might get home? Honestly, they're not really standing by. It's even, you know, I've been far too trying to leave you out. You know, I'm not going to get the back of your mind. We're trying to, you know, kind of relate to them and try to explain to them that our flights have been canceled several times. We're stuck here. They haven't been communicating much, they've been just been canceled our flights. And telling us to think far enough. We're trying to get our do our best to get out of care if doing this possible. But it's not under the best circumstances. helping you out at all. So they are actually, you know, they say that they're doing them to stress rate, but it is extremely expensive to stay here on even including the distress burden rate. And again, that we're paying that with no Wi-Fi, you know, power, no HC, none of the restaurants are open. The pools are closed. So, you know, you've got to ask yourself what exactly are we paying for? However, there's nowhere for us to go because, you know, there's nowhere to go or such here. Yeah, so hopefully the power will be on soon so we can charge our phones and send contact to our family and get on some playlists. Is there anything else you want people watching from the US to know and all over the world really to know about the situation there right now, Angelica? I mean, it's definitely not ideal. I know it seems like we're in the right spirit, we've been trying to be positive, but it's becoming very hard at this point, especially with the lack of services available to us, you know, sometimes are running out of specific medications that we need. So definitely, definitely do your research before you come on these trips. However, this was completely unexpected and just keep us in your well wishes. So if you get your solution back from safe and sound, it's possible. I think we'll Brett Monet. All all fingers crossed for you Brett Monet Richard Simon. Thank you. Stay safe.