 Rapper Travis Scott spending several hours behind bars in Miami earlier this morning. He was arrested on trespassing charges and disorderly intoxication. A rest record show the rapper, famous for songs like Sikko Mode, has been released after posting $650 bond Scott, whose real name is Jaki's Burman Webster, didn't have much to say after his arrest, but still took to social media after getting out of jail, simply writing the abbreviation of Laughing Out Loud. LOL, you see it there on your screen. For more, I want to bring in ABC News, senior investigative reporter Aaron Kutersky, who covers not just this case, but matters of criminal justice for us writ large. Aaron, what exactly happened that ended up with Travis Scott and Cuffs there? Well, according to police, he was yelling and he was drunk and he was yelling at people who had been on a yacht where perhaps Travis Scott himself had been a short while earlier. It was early this morning, a little after one o'clock in the morning when police say that the rapper was yelling obscenities at somebody on the yacht. Police were called, whoever called police said he didn't want to press charges. He just wanted Travis Scott to go away. And so police told him to leave the premises at the Miami Beach Marina. As he's walking away, he's walking backwards, Jay, yelling obscenities according to police and finally complies and leaves the Marina. Five minutes later, though, he's back and he starts walking toward the yacht again. Police tell him not to. That's when they place him under arrest. They say his breath smelled of alcohol and later at the station house, he admitted he had been drinking, telling police allegedly, it's Miami. So let the record be known that Aaron Kutersky went from covering the alleged DWI of Justin Timberlake to now this instance with Travis Scott. So thank you for your service, Aaron. But I want to go back to what is next here legally. Now that he's posted bail, what happens? Yeah, he was held briefly, as you say, posted that $650 bond, he'll have a return date. But his attorney who did not make any formal comment appeared to post on X that all of this could have been resolved with a citation. It was needlessly charged with the two misdemeanors of trespassing after warning and disorderly intoxication. We'll see if the lawyer can somehow resolve this without dragging it through the courts or whether he's going to have to go through the formal process. He's also in the middle of an unrelated court drama. He's facing a series of lawsuits after 10 fans died because of what was called crowd crushing, what it was alleged to be crowd crushing at Astro World at that festival there. Where do those lawsuits stand? Yeah, he was never charged criminally, but he did face a number of civil lawsuits. Some resolved, but another one is scheduled to go to trial at the end of the summer. Aaron Kutursky-Forest following this story, Aaron, thank you.