 We have our first official name storm of this hurricane season. Tropical storm Alberto is taking aim at Mexico's coast and his impacting part of Texas. Meanwhile, more than 70 million Americans are under heat alerts from the Midwest to the Northeast. ABC's meteorologist Martheon are standing by for more on that. But first let's go to ABC's Melissa Adon in Corpus Christi, Texas with the latest. Melissa, what's it like there right now? Hey there, Diane. So we just got that confirmation that this is a tropical storm system. The first one of the season named as Alberto and we obviously can feel those effects here along the south coast of Texas. And really all the parts of South Texas are facing those possible storm surges. These pretty choppy winds and this rain, it's heavy and it's pelting down towards all of us. Of course, when it's the biggest threat in the money communities, especially seeing that this is the first one of the season, we're always worried about those storm surge because you see behind me, this is a dog, right? The marina unrecognizable already overtaken by that water and then the threat, of course, to those buildings, any low-lying areas in coastal communities is always a threat. Here across Corpus Christi, parts of Houston, several schools closed down. Obviously, some already in anticipation of Juneteenth, but other events all canceled. Tomorrow they're expecting that as well. The highest threat, of course, is that flooding. Yes, especially when we're by the coast, but imagine when a lot of this water can just flood up onto the streets, this is what makes it pretty dangerous when you're talking about concerns for folks that are on the road in their homes. This is always why with these storms, Diane, the threat is something so important to take seriously. Even though just now it was named as a topical storm, that's why they're heating those warnings. They have those warnings in effect and that's something we're absolutely going to be monitoring, Diane. All right, Melissa, down in Corpus Christi, Texas. Thank you. And ABC's meteorologist, Samara Theodor, has more on the tropical threat and heat alert around the country. Hi, Samara. Hi, good morning. Yes. So we officially have tropical storm El Verto, as Melissa has stated. Interestingly enough, this storm system is headed straight for Mexico, but that's how far reaching the impacts of the system are. We're seeing flood alerts and threats right now. Sorry, there we go. Okay. We have tropical storm warning for Corpus Christi in Brownsville. We've just been watching just south of San Antonio. So the greatest threat for flooding has shifted a little bit farther south. Let's go out and take a look now at the totals. So this is Wednesday and Thursday, significant flash flooding anticipated in Brownsville and Corpus Christi, but farther north we could see anywhere from five to ten inches of rain, but it's that storm surge is going to have a really big impact on the coastal cities. Now we're also monitoring the heat, right? So this heat has been building and building in the northeast. How are we seeing however? Thank you for being a relief. Another question from your questions. Our allies expressedly much envy and grain disasters, the addition of that storm surge of plague from lieu, populations come up back while away from the掉 seineals. If the storm obeys our horseshoe people and the baby somewhere in the Iowa Sea, or if the Navy remembers the people around you, the flooding it enrolls on Tuesday, then it will come up early so you know you're not going to see any flood relief everywhere. But actually I think you'll be okay. So this is Thursday's final night today. Fourth Monday, a big, very millionaires call us populations and PF vehicles right now, that govern the region and defeat it by multiple telephotoures and healthcare areas. Looking at all, Dolores County gave it a couple to ask if anyone else who wants to pretty close to 100 by Saturday. Diane. ABC News Meteorologist from our Theodore. Thank you.