 Hi, I'm Phil Lipoff. We have some breaking news to bring to you right now. Former President Trump is speaking at a campaign rally in Chesapeake, Virginia. Let's listen to what he has to say. It's the man that really is looking to destroy our country. He's the worst. He's the most corrupt, the most incompetent president in the history of our country. And we have to take it back from that party. That's an evil party. Despite the fact that Crook had Joe Biden spent the entire week at Camp David resting, working, studying. He studied very hard. He studied so hard that he didn't know what the hell he was doing. He got the debate rules that he wanted. He got the date that he wanted. He got the network that he wanted. With the moderates he wanted. No amount of rest or rigging could help him defend his atrocious record. It's not defensible. I don't care who you were. You could be the late, great Clarence Darrow. Has anyone ever heard of Clarence Darrow? He was known as quite a good debater. Not as good as you governor, but that's okay. Hello governor. I can't miss this guy in the crowd. But his son's much better looking than him. Joe Biden's problem is not his age. It's not his anything. Really, it's got no problem other than it's his competence. He's grossly incompetent. You know they keep saying, I know people that are much older than him that are doing unbelievable things, making a fortune. He was never a success and he made a billion, billion and a half dollars from 79 to 92. That's what it is. It's not his age, it's his competence. He's not respected anywhere in the world. Our country is being left at all over the world. Biden is using the weaponization of his justice department, the FBI, local district attorneys and attorneys general, to try and win an election against his political authority. That happens to be made. You know who I am. Something that actually was unthinkable in our nation, but which is very common in third world countries or in banana republics. That's what he's doing. He's using law enforcement to try and hurt his political opponent. I know those things last night you saw that was all started by this guy, this crooked guy. Not only I crooked, I mean just so bad in so many ways. He's killing our country. He's incapable of winning based on his far left policies of open borders, massive tax increases, the green news scam. That's a win mill on every corner most of which don't work. And things like putting men in women's sports, really not a great idea. As every American saw firsthand last night, this election is a choice between strength and weakness, competence and incompetence, peace and prosperity or war or no war. They like a war, they love wars. They love killing people. It's so wonderful. You know, I'm the only president in many, many decades that didn't start a war. I finished one. I beat ISIS in record time. As soon as I left, we had the situation where Russia went into Ukraine, they would have never done that and where Israel's attacked. And then we had inflation. And then we had that horrible, horrible event that took place in Afghanistan the worst. I think the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country. And it's a choice though between a president who puts America first or a train wreck who puts America last. They put America last. Actually the Democrats put America last. You take a look at that. I think it's a guy like Senator Schumer. I've always known him. I've known him a long time. I come from New York. I knew Schumer. He's become a Palestinian. He's a Palestinian now. Congratulations. He was very loyal to Israel and to Jewish people. He's Jewish. But he's become a Palestinian because they have a couple of more votes or something. Nobody's quite figured it out. A vote for Joe Biden is a vote for failure, surrender and disaster for our country. A vote for your all-time favorite president, President Donald J. Trump. Is a vote for stopping Joe Biden's inflation, stopping the border invasion and very simply making America great again. It will make America great again. You see these beautiful women? I'm not allowed to use the term beautiful as a politician. In fact it could be the end of my career. Lennifer ran against me. He'd say he called women beautiful and that could be the end of my career. But they're beautiful. What am I going to do? I can't lie. But you see these beautiful women up here? They come from a place called North Carolina. We all love North Carolina. And this is their 127th rally. And it's hard to believe. I seldom see their husbands. But they're happily married. I said, are you all happily married? They love their husbands. They put up with a lot. No, they're very happily married. But it's 127. But I'll tell you, front row Joe's even have that. They're about 200 and something. They must have made a lot of money somewhere along the line. Do my people treat you good? They better treat you good. Front row Joe's. They become very famous. The question every voter should be asking themselves today is not whether Joe Biden can survive a 90 minute debate performance, but whether America can survive four more years of crooked Joe Biden in the White House. In fact, I don't know if we can really survive five more months. This is the most dangerous time in the history of our country, in my opinion. And we have a transition period because hopefully there has to be a transition. We've never been so close to World War III before. And if it happens, it will be a war like no other. This because of the threat of certain types of weapons. We don't even want to mention the word. But because of the type of weapons that you're talking about today, and I know them better than anybody. I know more about weapons than just about anybody. And when you look at the incredible destructive power of these weapons, this will be a war like no other. This will not be two army tanks running against each other and shooting. And this is going to be something the likes of which we've never seen. And we have a man who's grossly incompetent heading up our nation. And he's competing against Putin and President Xi of China and Kim Jong Un of North Korea. He's competing against people that are at the top of their game. And he was never really at the top of his game. He was never very good. But now he's really not good. Last night was it defeat not only for Biden, but for the entire radical left Democrat party and the fake news media who have been lying to the American people as our country was being destroyed. The fake news media. Look at all of them back there. Look at all of them. That's a lot of cameras. That's a lot of cameras. That's a lot of camera power. The Joe Biden on stage yesterday was the same Joe Biden who gave us open borders, crushing inflation, ramping crime, two new wars, disasters, Afghanistan, embarrassment, most embarrassing moment in the history of our country. And the international humiliation, think of it one after another, international humiliation, one after another, nobody respects him far and leaders don't respect him. You know, we put up $124 billion more given to Ukraine than Europe. Now, Europe is a lot closer. We have a thing called the notion in between us, right? So no matter how you cut it, it's got to be more important. Why is it that we're not equalized? Why is it that they put up $124 billion hour people, these people in Washington that don't know what the hell they're doing? You know, I stopped it with NATO. We were spending almost 100% of the money for NATO. And I went in my first meeting, I realized I said, you know, then I'm paying their bills at Delinquent. My second meeting, I said, you got to pay. And they said, well, what would happen if we don't, then we won't defend you against Russia. And the next day, money came in by the billions. You never saw money come in so fast, Len. The money was pouring in. And I took a lot of heat, Michael, a lot of his bike walls. He knows better than anybody on this subject. He's the old time. But am I right? The money came in like at a level that was never seen hundreds of billions of dollars poured in. And then I took heat from the press because they said, no, I will not defend you if you're not current. And they said, well, that's not very nice. I said, it's not nice. Now, if I said, I will, they wouldn't have paid, right? I suspect. But I took a lot of heat. But the fact is the Secretary General called it the greatest. He's never seen anything like it because Bush would come and make a speech and leave. Obama would come and make a speech and leave. And then I came in and I didn't make a speech. I just said, these guys aren't paying their bills. They're not paying their bills. I don't want to make a speech until they pay their bills. But they asked me, will you defend us if we don't pay? I said, no, I will not defend you. We're not stupid anymore. And $400 billion came pouring in. You never saw money pouring in so fast. The whole world should know that while Biden is the worst president in the history of America, our country is going to be strong again and it's going to be very soon. I want the enemies to know that because we have a five-month transition period. And I want the enemies to know, don't play around with us during this five-month period. Don't play around. It's only for them. It's also from the North Fair and it's we have enemies on the outside, China, Russia, North Korea, enemies. But they're not really enemies if you have a smart president. If you have a smart president, they're not enemies. You'll make them do great. We had no problems. China paid us hundreds of billions of dollars. Hundreds of billions of dollars. And it was so because they respected our country. Thank you very much. He said they respected you. Thank you. Stand up, please. Who said that? Stand up. Because they respected us. You said it better than I could. Thank you. I plagiarized. Thank you. Now they respected us. There was no games. But we have the enemy on the outside and you can do great things with them. And then we have a worse enemy. I call it the enemy from within. These are the sick people, the socialists. Remember I said America will never be a socialist country. I was right. I was right. It skipped over socialism, went directly into fascism and communism. It never stopped at the station called socialism. It went worse. And that's a big problem that we have. But I think you're starting to see the end of that. And it's been starting for a while now with us. But I think last night was a big moment for people with common sense that want to see America be great again. Want to put America first. Many people are saying that after last night's performance at Joe Biden is leaving the race. But the fact is I don't really believe that because he does better in polls than any of the Democrats that talk about. You've seen that, Glenn. These polls come out with some of the names there being like Gavin Newscombe. He can't run California. He's one of the worst governors. Now he's a bad governor. He can't run California. People are leaving one of the most beautiful places on earth in terms of weather, in terms of everything else. You can't do any better than California's doing a terrible job. But he gets up and he says, oh, California's doing great. But it's doing bad. People are leaving so fast. And he'd be easy. But he's got lousy poll numbers. And you take a look at some of the others. Then of course, Kamala is somebody that will be on the scope. It might have been Joe Biden's single best decision, putting her as vice president. Might have been as best because nobody wants that. I do. I'd be very happy with that. But they don't poll as well as this guy. I mean, I don't want to speak against myself. But maybe, and they pulled everybody. They pulled Michelle Obama. She polls very badly. Now she polls terribly. Michelle Obama, people, you know, they they pulled many people. And it's hard to believe, but crooked Joe Biden polls better than those people. So I don't know what's going to happen. I have absolutely no idea. I just know that we're going to make America great again. That's a good looking group back there. Better looking better looking in front of our jobs. You know what happens? You think they don't have a good seat. They actually have the best seat because oftentimes the cameras are on them. The cameras are on you. And I make it a speech and they have all this stuff. It's all over the world. And a lot of them get picked. Would you like to come to Hollywood? A lot of you'd be amazed how many people they see some of these beautiful faces. And they say, let's move them to Hollywood. They have the best seat. They don't know it, but they do it. Okay, I don't want to point to too many of them. Get myself in trouble. But remember the biggest problem for our country is not Joe Biden's personal decline. It's that Joe Biden's policies are causing America's decline at a level that we've never seen before. That's why this November, the people of Virginia and the people of America are going to tell crooked Joe Biden. You're fired. Get out of here. You're fired. Get out. We don't want you. You've been the worst president in the issue of our country. We don't want you. Get the hell out of here. But we don't just need to fire Biden. As you saw yesterday, the whole Democrat party deserves to be voted out of office. You have some great people. You have some great people in this state. And the reason I'm honored to be with you, governor, who's here just made a really fantastic speech. I saw it coming in. I'm flying in on my plane. I'm watching him speak. I said, what a beautiful crowd that is. But he just made a great speech because what he says turns out to be right. He's got common sense. He's got great policy. He's got the policy that made America great. Now America is in decline because they have people that are going against those basic policies. But he's got the policies that made America great. And I'll call him up. I just said to him, do you want to come up? I know you just spoke for 45 minutes where you want to come up. And I said, come on up. So he's going to come up in a couple of seconds. As far as I'm concerned, he can say it all again. He can say it all again. But we're proud of him. He's done a great job. Time and again, Joe Biden revealed how extreme and divisive the radical left Democrats have become before you very eyes crooked Joe endorsed unlimited extreme late term abortion up to the moment of birth. And even after the think of this and even death after a baby is born. And I always am very clear about this when I say the governor of Virginia, I always go back and say the former governor. You don't want to be tied into this. But the former governor, that was, I call him Michael Jackson. Remember his wife saved him. He was going to moonwalk. He was trying to say why he wore black face. And he was going to moonwalk across the stage. And that's when his wife finally put down her foot. Don't do it. Don't do it. You're already destroyed. As you've destroyed us. Don't do it. Remember she stopped him because nobody can moonwalk like Michael Jackson. He's the greatest people. So this would not have been a pretty scene. But he said that, and you can see it. I mean, they have tapes on it. He said the baby is born. Yes, the baby is born. And then we make a decision on what to do with the baby. And there's some states that allow that. It's not even believable. Think of that. But Biden celebrates throwing his political opponents in jail. He bragged about surrendering our energy independence. And all of the other things that he's done in favor of China and India and other countries. And he claimed that the strength of our economy comes not from hard work in Americans, but from illegal aliens. And most of our new jobs have gone to illegal aliens. You know that? And just remember I said this because this is a disaster waiting to happen. You know, we're doing very well with the black and Hispanic vote. We're doing very well with the union vote. Like record numbers because we've done a lot. We've done criminal justice reform. We've done. We've saved the historically black colleges and universities. We had great economic development programs with Tim Scott. Opportunity zones. It's called it's probably the most successful opportunity. I mean, it's the most incredible thing. And that's gone largely to black, Hispanic people. It's been great. We've done a lot. But you know, the worst thing that's happening to black number one, Hispanic number two, unions number three is the millions of people pouring into our country. They're taking their jobs. And they're taking the black jobs people that have had their jobs for a long time, are losing their jobs. And Hispanic jobs, people that have had them for a long time. They're losing their jobs. And you know, who else is the biggest loser's going to be the unions? The unions like the teamsters. I have such respect for Sean. He's the head of the teamsters. I don't want to throw around names, but he's a good man. And I don't know. I think, you know, we're at 89% approval within the teamsters union. And I think I use teamsters when I build buildings in Manhattan. They do unbelievable. They take the concrete trucks. And there's nobody can wheel the truck. These guys are incredible. And you know, maybe we get lucky. Maybe somebody's smart. You know, when they have 89% approval and then they endorse because for 50 years, they endorse automatically. It's almost like automatic. They endorse the Democrat. But I think maybe the teamsters go with us. You know, when you have a vast majority on your side, and then the person that did it, Hoffa did it last time, and he ended up getting sort of thrown out of the union. But I think they have some good leadership. I think a lot of unions are coming our way. But these millions and millions of people that are coming from prison, because he's in prison since the past two years. And I think we're going to be a lot more urban people. But I think it's the right thing to do. And I think I think we're going to have a lot of money, and the people that are coming from prison and jail, you know, there is this light difference. Okay. They're coming from prisons and jails, mental institutions, and insane asylum like silence of the lamb. The press always says, why does he ramble about silence of the lamb. The late great Hannibal lector, he'd like to have you over for dinner. Did you ever? Don't do it. If he suggests, I'd like to have you for dinner. Don't go. the people that are coming into our country and they're coming in at numbers that nobody can believe. Venezuela has its lowest crime rate in 30 years because they're taking their gang members and they're dropping them into Virginia, but you have a government of this that letting them stay very low. But Joe Biden and the Democrats know this, but they're unwilling to do for whatever reason. I don't understand for whatever. You know, you always like to understand your other side or your opponents reasoning. Why would somebody want open borders? Why would somebody want men playing in women's sports? Why would somebody want 100% electric vehicles and they don't go far? They're too expensive. And you know what? They have a place. Elon is a friend of mine probably doesn't like me too much with what I say, but they have a great place for a certain application. But you don't want 100%. They've made so many. They've spent trillions of dollars on subsidy. You ever notice that the car companies aren't selling cars, but they seem to be very happy. You know why? Because they're getting massive amounts of subsidy from the government. Normally, they'll all be out of business because they're not selling cars. They're making far more electric vehicles than you need. But they do have a place. They have a great place, but it's 9%, 7%, 8%, you have hundreds of thousands of unsolved cars. This would be a great time for you to go by. Okay. You have been listening to former President Trump speaking at a rally for him in Chesapeake, Virginia. He tends to go on for quite some time at these rallies. So we've had him speaking for about 20 minutes or so. We're going to stop there. We do have Alex Pache there, but I just want to give you a little recap if you're just tuning in. There are some echoes of 2020 that we're starting to hear from him at his rallies. He talked about the fake news media. He pointed in the back, the cameras, the very cameras that are putting them on TV as we speak. He talked about him knowing more about weapons than the generals and the radical left Dems. Those are things we heard back in 2020 that are popular with his base. Some newer things. He's calling the Democratic Party evil, saying they're killing our country, saying that Dems love to kill people. He called Senator Schumer a Palestinian. I'm not sure what that was about. Obviously, Chuck Schumer is Senator Schumer is Jewish. And that's something new that I will talk to experts throughout the day about, but that's the second time he's done that. Called President Biden to Palestinian debate last night using the word Palestinian as a slur. So I'm interested to see what political experts say about that. But this is what it is. This is he talked about Will Joe Biden leave the race as people are talking about today after that really poor performance last night. He says it doesn't matter to him. He'll beat the Democrats anyway. So that's what President Trump is saying right now. I want to bring in Alex Pache, who is traveling with the Trump campaign. Alex, you just listened to what we listened to and it's going to go on for quite some time. The people there love it. His base loves it. No country in the history of the world. And everybody wanted to come together. It was well, yeah, Phil, I mean, this is red meat for his base here. And I will say that, yes, some of it is a rinse and repeat from the 2020 campaign even the 2016 campaign. But also we heard some new lines here. And one of the things that I was paying attention to, you mentioned him referring to Senator Schumer as a Palestinian. He also talked about union support and reference to Jimmy Hatha. And he also talked about migrants crossing the southern border as being akin to the late great Hannibal Lecter, which drew some some some laughs here. But look, I mean, keep in mind Virginia is a primarily military crowd. So he came out here talking a lot about foreign policy at the start of this talking about our position on the world stage. His policies with NATO and trying to get other countries, other member countries contribute more dollars. And that's something that really kind of resonated here. He also talked about the five month transition period between the election and inauguration, saying that our rivals, quote, don't play with us during this transition period, a warning basically which was received with the pauses here, basically kind of saying that there will be a transition of power. But don't attack us then. And he also talked about the military presence here, Quantico Langley at something that we've heard. I see the governor, Youngkin, talked about earlier today, really trying to drill home on this foreign policy, our position on the world stage, which all ties back to last night in his debate performance, something that the campaign is really trying to capitalize on, this idea that former president is better suited to leaders on the world stage. All right, Alex Prashe from Chesapeake for Virginia. Before we go, I do want to, you know, it's not my job to fact check the president, but it is important that I say one thing before we go. He's made this claim again today that Democrats want to allow abortion up until and even after birth. He's never provided any evidence of that, and we do want to just fact check that. That it's about 1% of abortions that occur later on in the pregnancy. And of course, you know, when a baby is born, if someone advocated for it to be killed after that, that would be murder. And there's no evidence that any Democrat, least of all the president has said that. So that being said, there is a lot to talk about. And ABC News Live is here for you every day to do that with the breaking news, latest complete wrap-up. We will have tonight at 7 o'clock extensive analysis on this tonight at ABC News Live, prime with Lindsey Davis. I'll be sitting here for Lindsey tonight.