 So this spring, we watched the outcry over that war. Spread across college campuses like wildfire, students were arrested, suspended, commencement ceremonies were canceled. Even police came to campuses to take down those encampments. I mean, it was chaotic. But two of our correspondence, Zorin Shaw and Phil Lippoff, found two student groups advocating for unity, going beyond the protests to find peace with Palestinians and Jews. Zorin and Phil sat down with members of standing together over at UCLA and peace as possible at Rutgers. And they've been actively promoting harmony since the demonstrations began over a month ago. For months, we have seen anger, frustration, and division on college campuses over the Gaza War. But there have also been moments of hope as well. So my colleague, Zorin, and I went on a search to find students who were coming together to unify. We know we are far from the heart of the conflict, and that makes it a bit easier to talk about. And we are certainly not naive to think that a few moments of positivity will bring peace to the Middle East. But without those moments, there is no path. And that path is hope. Yeah, Phil. Hope is key in this moment. So you and I, we cover two coasts at two very different moments in the college campus protests. I interviewed one group at UCLA, the very same week that there was violence and arrests at the school. And Phil, you and I, weeks later, once things had come down. And Phil, you and I are coming at the story from two communities that are often seen as very different. But we want it to find common ground. You may not expect to hear this. Say it, you and my mom. Let's sit down and talk about it. We need ways to de-escalate, we need trauma healing. While you're seeing this, we're from the Southeast of La Faire. Student groups pushing for unity. Say the whole other word. For weeks, division dominated university. As pro-Palestinian protesters demanding schools cut ties with Israel and companies profiting from the Gaza war. But often unseen were images like this of Jewish and Palestinian students praying during cedar and Passover dinners at Columbia. Or NYU professors guarding Muslim students during prayers. Many groups encouraging unity, like standing together at UCLA. Beyond us is the encampment. And then right next to us is where the pro-Israeli group was. Right over here is with Zara and Rachel are calling a third option towards peace and towards unity. If we want a genuinely peaceful and sustainable future together, we have to leave by example and do a movement that's together. We recognize that we may have differences, but we have one main common goal. Which is hard to find a political solution and promote peace and equality and justice for all. Across the country at Rutgers University, Phil LeBoff is with students doing the same. This is the quad where the pro-Palestinian encampment was. The university officials made some concessions. The protesters disbanded peacefully. But even before October 7th, even before everything that's happened after there existed a group on this campus called Peace As Possible, made up of Jewish and Muslim students. I spoke with some of them, including the group's president, who joined us remotely. Having his experiences has made me realize how much we are talking past each other. Isolation breeds radicalism. It's really easy to dehumanize somebody who you don't have to have human experiences with. How difficult is it to have these conversations when there are people in your life who feel the same as you do that don't want to have these conversations? We do believe that bringing in guest speakers and knowing how what you're exposed to changes your views as you grow up. It's not easy, but if no one shows it, then people will not even know it's a possibility. Peace is almost radical. Being very peace-oriented in terms of your political practices. It's not enormous in a way. If I come, we don't have this freedom of action or freedom of political action. Speak and talk with other people and get involved. This is a place. And one step closer to a future where there can be less of this. And more of this. I love you, I love you, I love you. So even as we approach these summer months, we've seen that these protests on college campuses are continuing. And that makes the work that these few students are doing so much more important. Coming together on a mass scale, seeing each other eye to eye is how one day maybe we'll see peace when it comes to one of the oldest conflicts in the world. Yes, Irene, that is certainly the hope of so many. The brutal reality of war and decades of conflict won't be easy to overcome. But the students, you and I both spoke with, say, that is their lofty goal, taking it one step at a time, of course, making that first move of talking and trying to understand for the sake of so many across this world, wouldn't it be incredible if they are successful? Fills, Irene, guys, that was fantastic. Love the joint report. Great coverage. Thank you so much.