 The United Kingdom has a new prime minister after historic elections caused a seismic shift in power. Labour party leader Kierstarmer met with King Charles this morning with a king asked him to form a new government. Foreign correspondent James Longman joins me now from Parliament in London for more. James, this works the end of a 14 years of conservative leadership. How significant is that? Diane, it's a huge moment, I think. The first thing to say is, Labour doesn't often win elections in this country. I think this is the second time in the last 50 years that Labour have taken a government from the Conservatives. Only our seventh Labour Prime Minister. So a big moment in Britain, but I don't think there's massive enthusiasm necessarily for the Labour party. This isn't like in 1997, where people really wanted to vote for Tony Blair. Their vote share has remained broadly the same. The big story here is how the Conservative Party has basically been absolutely demolished. This was the party that was founded in the 1830s and they have never had as bad a result as we have seen here. The country hasn't punished them. Really senior political figures have lost their seats in Parliament, including Liz Truss. She is a former Prime Minister and people are angry. Angry at the way Brexit was handled, angry at Boris Johnson's Downing Street, Covid parties, the angry that the cost of living has spiraled and the public services seem to be on their knees. So this was really punishing the Conservative Party, rewarding Labour, but also a number of smaller parties as well. All people voting for these parties because they wanted to protest a Conservative government, as you say, with been in power for 14 years. James, what sticks out to you so far about the new Prime Minister and his plans for the country? This is Kirstal, 61 years old former public prosecutor. He had a pretty glittering career before entering Parliament, quite late in his life in his 50s. He is a barrister. He cared for his mother when he was younger. He had a crippling disability. As he grew up, he repeated time and again on this campaign trail that as far as a toolmaker. He appealed to people the idea that he is a man of the people. He also made promises in this campaign that he is not going to raise people's taxes. People are saying, how are you going to pay for all these wonderful new things that you are hoping to do? New investment that this country badly needs, those issues that I listed off there. He has some answering to do. He has a big mandate. He has a big challenge as well. Diane. James, former President Trump is also congratulating Nigel Farage, who has reformed UK Party picked up several seats. What do these results mean for Britain's relationship with the US moving forward? Probably speaking, Kirstal is an internationalist. He has a loving common with President Biden. This is the Labour Party, the sister party to the Democratic Party. They would have a similar worldview. Yes, you do have this insurgent far-right party in reform. They have a large vote share. It hasn't been translated into that many seats in Parliament. Just four of them. Nigel Farage elected for the first time. He tried eight times to be elected as a lawmaker in this country. He has succeeded. This is part of a wider trend across Europe of right-wing parties coming to the fore. We have seen huge gains for the right in Germany, in the European elections. They control the government in Italy, in the Netherlands. And France this weekend, on Sunday, there will be another election round there, where the far right will see a massive growth. So, look, Donald Trump, if he is reelected in November, he will have for the first time, I think, much more so than his last time in office, right-wing groups with whom he can agitate on major issues, like NATO, like Ukraine, like climate change, for example. So, look, here we've got Kirstama, who has an ally in President Biden, we've got the Europeans, mostly the European Parliament, which is still dominated by the centre, but the right moving across Europe. And it could look very different when if Donald Trump is reelected in November, too. Dan. All right, foreign correspondent James Longman in London, for us, thanks, James.