 We are following Barrel, starting to pick up speed across Texas. Those in the state are conducting rescue and recovery operations as we speak, but it's not just local and federal authorities. The United Cajun Navy is also assisting in all these efforts. It's a nonprofit organization known for providing help and relief during natural disasters. Todd Torello is president and founder of the United Cajun Navy. And also Scott Peak is a part of the United Cajun Navy. He is a storm chaser. Both of them joined me now. Guys, really appreciate it. Scott, why don't we start with you? And you're in the car. You're cruising through. Tell me what you have seen, what you're seeing now, just what you've been tracking. Yeah, so right now there's major flooding happening here in Houston. Even though the rain has stopped, there are still a lot of water rescues happening as we speak. And of course, still actually driving into these floods, not knowing how deep the water is. So that's making it really difficult for us to rescue those people. But luckily we have teamed up with our partners. We have vehicles that are able to go into the water and pick those people up and get them to drive brown and to stay safe. So I'm curious when the fact that you are actually finding drivers driving into the flood waters. I think they're telling you when you roll in or when rescue teams are coming in, is it because they're trying to get out of the area? They think they can go up against the challenge of these deep waters. Are they trying to get to family friends? What do you know? Yeah, so I think they're just, I think they're thinking they can go through it and without ease. But they realize they've been off more than they can chew. And next thing you know, they're stuck in the water and they're having to get rescued. So it's kind of frustrating, but they're just trying to get out of there, but it's not the right way to do it. No, it's not. And I know a lot of people do desperate things in desperate times and Todd, you know, that's where you guys come in. You have sent all type of assets down to the Houston area in particular, your boats. Tell me what you've responded to. What's the latest? How are operations going right now? Is it nonstop? It's pretty much nonstop. Yeah, I think that this storm kind of caught everybody off by surprise. And I think, you know, a lot of people didn't evacuate cause I'm not even sure if they could have evacuated, you know, based off of the projections that were coming in. But you know, right now we're bringing in supplies besides the rescuing that might be water, tarps. They're taking a big toaps for people to put their stuff in. They got wetter. They don't want to get it wet. And just food. We're also able to feed some first responders, you know, make sure they got a hot meal because if people were affected themselves, a lot of first responders were affected. If we go in and help them, you know, make sure that their house is taken care of and they're got a hot meal in their stomach. They're able to help everybody better. So that's just what we're doing. And as you mentioned earlier, it looks like there's some tornadoes that are going to start coming through a little bit, a little bit east of us. So it's just going to keep us busy for a while. So Todd, how are you reaching out to folks and warning them? You know, I know in the past, doorknox have saved lives. Are you doing that as well? Are you guys involved in sort of the warning process or trying to let folks know, hey, things are going to be coming through your area or maybe going into areas that have been slightly impacted where it could get worse? Well, I tell you this several ways, you know, we have a big network and we're like an umbrella for a lot of organizations, businesses and church organizations. One good way that we've responded today is, of course, everybody knows mattress, Matt, furniture gallery, mattress, Matt opened up his business to as a shelter, one of his warehouses. And so the people that are coming there, you know, they either have no power or tree on their house or their house is flooded. So we're getting first and information from a lot of people that are going into these shelters. And that's one of the ways we're getting them right there. And I'm curious, Scott, as a storm chaser. I mean, how do you make sure you're getting what you need to get with regard to information, but also keeping yourself safe? I mean, you're going right into it. All right. Well, we have computer models and weather data radar that shows us on the map where we are. And obviously having a sense of self-awareness when we're out chasing, not just flooding, but tornadoes and hurricanes. We're constantly aware of our surroundings. So we have radar. So we're getting up to date information from that. So we're always having a scape route when we're out there. In this case, when we're out in the Surfside Beach, Texas, we had a large bridge that we could escape to in case the flood water's got too high. So we always keep a way to keep us safe and an escape route when we're doing this stuff. And also bringing us real-time information, Todd Torell and Scott Peek with the United Cage and Navy. Guys, thanks so much. Appreciate what you're doing. Please stay in touch with us. Yes, ma'am. Thank you. Thank you. God bless. You bet.