 And the CERN in general is calling for a warning label on social media platforms. In an op-ed in the New York Times, Dr. Vivek Murphy says the warning label would be similar to the one on tobacco or alcohol. The CERN general says it would, quote, regularly remind parents and adolescents that social media has not been proved safe. ABC's Elizabeth Schullzzy joins me now along with ABC News Medical contributor Dr. Alok Patel for more on this. So Elizabeth, how would this work? What's the plan? Right. I think it's a little bit like when you look at a box of cigarettes, there's on bright writing there on the top saying this is dangerous. That's a little bit what the CERN general here is suggesting. Some sort of label, when you open a social media platform, that would indicate that there are risks. Now, importantly, Diane, this is not done. This needs to get approved by Congress. But what the CERN general, Vivek Murphy, is saying is now is the time to put this kind of safeguard in place. He says that this is what needs to be done to try to dramatically reduce the amount of time, especially that kids and teens are spending on these platforms. And he pointed some pretty significant data that shows that kids who spend three or more hours a day on these platforms are at bigger risk of depression or anxiety. And that that's what the data is showing. You know, ultimately, Diane, he says the time to act is now because some of these social media platforms, while they say have taken steps to try to make their, their app safer for kids, their data does not show that that has dramatically been the case. So the CERN general really increasing his call for there to be action here, after he kind of initially sounded the alarm on this about a year ago and advisory saying that there are clear consequences. He called this really one of the most defining issues of our time for this generation. And Dr. Patel, Dr. Murphy says warning labels on tobacco boxes help dramatically reduce their usage. I know you talked to parents and kids about social media all the time. Do you think a warning label would make a difference? I think it's a step in the right direction. Now Dr. Murphy even acknowledges that a warning label that is designed to curb behavior and spread awareness is only one part of what we need to do when it comes to social media. The rest of it involves this massive support involving communities, schools, parents, legislators and tech companies. Now, there's a little difference from the tobacco industry because back then it was not even perceived that cigarettes could be unhealthy or they could cause cancer. People now know that social media has these detrimental effects. The big question we have is what exactly is the warning label going to say? If I will tell you anything about teens, if you give them pointed directions and information, they're more likely to act on it. So maybe it could include things like, hey, watch out for your privacy. Be aware of cyber bullying. Be a good digital citizen and take breaks. And Elizabeth, last year, Dr. Murphy sounded the alarm about how social media poses mental health crisis among young people. But Congress has yet to pass any legislation on this. So what happens next? Yeah. We've talked to a lot of teens who say that they would appreciate some sort of action from this, whether it's a federal level, the state level, they recognize that a lot of times they might be addicted to these platforms and they do need. Even if you just open up the app and there's a little bit of a reminder that what you're seeing is fake, that it isn't exactly what you might think it is, that could go a long way. So there isn't a proposal right now in Congress for that specific kind of warning that the surge in general is calling for. But we have seen bipartisan support in the Senate for a bill that would put some safeguards in place for kids safety. So think about things like restricting how much tech companies can force you to auto-scroll, like putting limits on push notifications. Those features that automatically kind of bring you in and keep you stuck on the app, that's something that there is support for trying to rein in some of those features that they would say promote excessive use. The other thing that there is clear support for is efforts to not have these tech companies collect the data of minors. But at the same time that there is support and we've seen a lot of senators, especially after those hearings where we see the CEOs of the companies come forward and talk about how they care about this, we see senators say that they support these efforts and yet this is not passed and it's not actually clear Diane whether the kids on the safety act would also pass the house if it did actually get through the Senate. All right, Dr. Patelos of Ashalsie, thank you. Thanks for more, Felizvets reporting on the impact of social media on teens. You can watch generations swipe streaming now on Hulu.