 extreme weather in Hurricane barrel downgraded a short time ago to a tropical storm. Barrel making landfall today is a category to hurricane with estimated winds of 110 miles per hour. The storm hammered Mexico's Yucatem Peninsula, wreaking havoc at major resorts there. Meantime, there's an ongoing wildfire emergency in California and a dangerous and lethal heat wave there. Thousands forced to evacuate as those scorching temperatures are making fighting those fires even harder. And in Jamaica, people there are still recovering from heavy flooding and damage after barrel ripped through that island earlier this week. The storm already blamed for at least nine deaths in the Caribbean damaging or destroying 95% of homes on two islands in St. Vincent and the Greta needs. We're covering every angle of this extreme, whether we do want to bring in ABC News meteorologist Dan Emiranti, Dan. What is the latest track of this storm? Yeah, Jay, it's going to be heading into the Gulf of Mexico fairly shortly. The storm is still overland at the moment. It's over the Yucatem Peninsula, which has really done a number on the organization of this storm. You know how sometimes strong hurricanes can have that typical almost buzz saw look with the eye right in the middle. This does not have that anymore. And that's part of the reason why it's been downgraded. But it's kind of almost split a little bit into two chunks, two pieces here. So we'll continue to watch this as it goes into the Gulf of Mexico, but that storm still with pretty strong winds on it. 70 miles per hour, gusts up to 115 miles per hour, but it is a tropical storm and will likely remain as such for the next few hours or even the next day or so. By Sunday morning, we're talking about a strengthening back into a hurricane as it feeds off of those warm waters in the Gulf of Mexico. And then it makes a run in the direction of the Texas coast. Now, a lot of people along the Texas coast have to watch this extremely closely, as we've been mentioning the last several days, prepare for a category three. Now, the forecast at this point takes it into southern Texas as a strong category one, but as I said, prepare for a category three because we're talking about strong winds, storm surge, and possibly some gusty winds as well. So we'll be watching that closely, but the National Hurricane Center announced that they will be issuing some advisories on this a little later on today. Jay. Dan, thank you for tracking that for us. I want to turn now and bring in Missy and Tina Woojek, who are on vacation in Cancun, where Hurricane barrel hit. Missy, tell us about what happened. Firstly, we are so glad that you were safe. Tell us about what happened, what did you see, and what is it like there now? So it kind of started. We didn't really think a lot was going to happen because leading up to it, they didn't really, it sounded like we were going to get maybe a category one or it'd be a tropical storm. But then on the third, they sent out a letter saying, oh, here are the precautions we're taking. And yesterday, even up until about 4 p.m., it was sunny. We were all out at the pool. We had a bit of a laugh about it because we were like, this seems like everything's going to be okay. And then like 4.30, the wind started. And that's when it got a little scary. We went to, we came up to our room and they kind of locked everybody down into the hotel. And around 9.30, just the big gust of winds came. And that's when you started hearing the rain pounding. And even today, it actually just started up again. We just started getting a lot of wind because you can hear it against the windows. So fortunately, this hotel's been great. Herdees is Kankoone has taken so many precautions. And it's just been, it's scary, but at the same time, they have handled it so well. And reassuring to our family too, that like they know where we're at and they know like this resort takes care of their guests. So hopefully we'll be able to get out tomorrow. We don't really know yet though. We just got an alert that might be canceled, but they haven't said much else. Missy and Tina, thank you very much. We have limited time. So I do want to very quickly turn to Jacqueline Lee and bring you in on this extreme heat. Those wildfires in California. What is the latest? What do you know? J more than 232 wildfires exploded in California just yesterday, burning more than 1300 acres. Now, a concern right now is the French fire in Mariposa County. Not only did more than 1,000 people have to evacuate, but it shut down the main highway going into Yosemite National Park. This comes right after the Thompson Fire outside Sacramento. Firefighters did get a handle on it overnight. Now it is 46% contained with a total of 25 structures destroyed. Now, of course, Jay, when you look at the factors contributing to these wildfires, there are several things you have to take into account. The most important ones are heat and wind. As you know, the west is going through a historic heat wave. Death Valley expected to go up to 129 degrees, which is just a few degrees shy of the hottest temperature ever recorded on Earth, which is 134 degrees. And of course, as we look forward into the rest of the fire season, officials are concerned about prolonged heat and have that can lead to more wildfires. Jay. Damn Emiranti, Jacqueline Lee, thank you to you both and to our guest, Missy, Woo Jack and Tina. Thank you very much for your time.