 Well, our next guests, they are writing out the storm in Montego Bay, where faith is, after they plan a vacation in Jamaica to renew their wedding vows. You talk a couple of Lonnie Manico and his wife, Michelle, are currently hunkering down at the Sandals Resort in Montego Bay as the powerful hurricane in just toward the tiny island. The island, I should say, and she joins me now. So thank you very much. First congratulations. What a wonderful thing to do. What an interesting result. Choosing Jamaica as the spot, Jamaica Worldwide Tourist Destination. Tell me, how are things? What's going on where you are right now? It's picked up, but it's a lot more rainy out there. Earlier, people were still kind of sneaking out into the pool, not very many, but a few. And now they cleared it all out. They've done a great job here to really just make people safe because the rain has started to come down. And the winds are picking up a lot. That's great. Did you get a chance to renew your wedding vows? You're going to do that after the hurricane blows through. We were supposed to do it on the 4th of July. And we got here Sunday, Monday at night, and we were staying in, it's our bucket list staying in an over the water bungalow. It was paradise, and we got to call the very next morning. And they said, can we just move your wedding up, your renewal? We need to do it today. So, herring did the hair and makeup yesterday, and we did it at 2 o'clock yesterday. And then by 4 o'clock, they were moving us out of the bungalow and to just a room at the resort because for everyone's safety, they just didn't know how hard this was going to hit, and they don't know the conditions of the bungalows after. So we'll see how this works out, and hopefully we'll be able to go back to the bungalows to finish out the vacation. But at least we did what we came to do. Absolutely. Congratulations on that. And you'll have a story for ever about it. So you do feel safe. You feel like the resort and the government there is taking all the proper precautions, and you feel like you're in a good place? Yeah. The Sandal South Coast Resort, where we're staying, has been fabulous. They sent a lot of their staff home to be with family, and then kept the central staff here to make sure the guests are taking care of. They had a meeting yesterday, went through everything with the guests, told us how long we would expect to be locked down, how they have a procedure in place for everything. So they've really done a good job. They've made sure that we're stocked up with snacks and water. They just, actually, that's my husband's not on camera because he's getting our box lunch right now, or our box dinner, and then they're going to bring box breakfast around so that we don't have to go out and we can just shelter in place. Right. That's great. That box, box wedding renewal. Launch that. That's glamorous. And in Jamaica. Let me ask you seriously, when you left Utah, did you have a sense that the storm might impact your trip? I mean, it is the first major hurray cane to make landfall in Jamaica during the month of July. So it's bad luck in some ways. But do you have a sense of that? We didn't. We knew the few days before we checked the weather, and it looked like it was going to be a little cloudy. So I was kind of bummed about that. But I'm like, oh well, we'll make the most of it things happen. I never have heard of something this big coming so early in the year because we do watch that. I like tropical vacation. So. All right. Michelle Manico. And thank you to you and to Lonnie getting your box lunch there. Stay safe. Hope it all goes well. And after it does, have a great time there. Congratulations. Thanks for joining us. Thank you.