 All right, we're following a tense Republican congressional primary still playing out right now in Virginia. It is too close to call at this hour. Congressman Bob Good, the chair of the ultra conservative House Freedom Caucus, is hoping to fend off a challenge from Trump-back candidate John McGuire. This is a race that's considered to test the power of a Trump endorsement and also the power of the I.R. of Kevin McCarthy, who Bob Good helped vote out of his speakership and has endorsed McGuire as well. Congressman Good, posting on X this morning, quote, everyone should want a fair and accurate count of every legal vote that reflects the intent of the legitimate participating voters of the fifth district. He goes on to say we are fighting to ensure that is true, to break down the tensions in this race. I want to turn to Rescormon, who covers Capitol Hill along with me. That is my day job up there on the Hill. You also work for Notice, which is a nonprofit newsroom. You are very well known on Capitol Hill. You've covered this race extensively. You were actually there in the district on election night, too. This is really close. And there are a couple different threads to pull on here. But firstly, what have you heard from Trump world and McCarthy world sources about how they're reacting to how this is playing out? Yeah, so they're clearly very excited right now because they're excited at the moment, just fully based on the fact that it does look like McGuire is definitely in the better position for sure. So there are people that they're looking at this, they're feeling good. Obviously, they're wanting kind of more of a little bit of a blow out than what they're seeing. But at the end of the day, I mean, you're still trying to take down an incumbent, and not just any incumbent, you're trying to take down the leader of the Freedom Caucus. And whether you get that done, and it doesn't matter how you do it, they're just excited to get it done. I actually spoke to the former speaker ahead of the election on Monday. You spoke to McCarthy? I did on Monday, interviewed him for a story. And he basically was just kind of saying that this should, if Bob Goodwood lose taking this was on Monday, so this would be for the election took place, it kind of send the message to some of these people that are causing trouble that chaos doesn't work, that you can't just cause chaos and expect to get reelected no matter how conservative district is. People who want people that are there to get stuff done that are work into advance a conservative agenda, not just cause chaos. Fair to say Kevin McCarthy is watching this very close. I would say it's 100% fair to say that's, yes, he's definitely watching this very close. So Bob Good, he goes to court with Donald Trump for that hush money trial to show his support. He's obviously an ultra conservative guy, but he made the fatal mistake in Trump world of endorsing Ron DeSantis and the Republican presidential primary. As for Kevin McCarthy, we know why Bob Good and Kevin McCarthy are getting along these days. I guess my question for you is, which do you see as the more fatal enemy he's made here? Donald Trump or Kevin McCarthy or both? I think you'd never want to make it into me a Donald Trump. He is basically the kingmaker and Republican politics right now. His endorsement cares a lot of weight. As we're seeing, Kevin McCarthy clearly has a political acumen. He has the money behind him that he can kind of work in work and play on these races. The end of the day, I mean, Trump is the most powerful Republican right now. And if you get on his bad side, we've seen what could happen as is the case with Bob Good. Bob Good is still he has the kind of the same conservative record as a John McGuire. They likely vote the exact same. Many differences. McGuire supports Trump and Bob Good does not. And so I think that is something that you're really looking at. There's Trump. You don't want to go on his bad side. Who would have thought we'd be talking about our Republican primary in Virginia being this close? The only 300 votes apart. They are still counting votes as we sit here right now. Rescormon, thank you so much for your time, sir. Thanks for having me on.