 And we are getting a new video in of a rescue underway in the Houston area. Again, like we said, this is the first hurricane to hit the Texas area. In three years and you can see first responders there on what looks like a fire ladder trying to get to a man on top of a car. That car submerged in water, looking, looks like a pickup truck trying to reach down and get him. Now, this was a storm that brought both life threatening storm surge and torrential rain. And that means certain roads have been completely washed out. So we're watching now as these first responders are trying to get to this man trapped on his car, right? So far in the storm, two people have been killed. Both of them from fall and trees, but the storm has affected several areas around Texas. It made landfall at Marigard, Matagorda Bay. And this we're seeing in the Houston area. They're red cross the Office of Emergency Management, local officials are all trying to work together to ensure everyone's safe. We're seeing safety in the wake of this storm. And again, we're keeping an eye on this rescue. We'll keep you posted as we learn more. It looks like they're about to throw him a life preserver. We're also following the latest on the track and timing of barrel. I want to bring in Jeff Smith. I want to keep the video on the rescue if we could keep watching. But, Carol, can you tell us the latest on this storm where it's headed and how powerful it is right now for some of these areas where the worst seems to have passed? I mean, the storm is just northwest of Houston. Houston's on the stronger side of the storm. They're getting the heaviest rain. They're getting some of the strongest winds right now. And that video right there is exactly what we always say, turn around, don't drown. Never drive into areas where water covers the road. You don't know how deep that water is. It only takes six inches to a foot of water to sweep away your vehicle. And rainfall's really going to be the biggest concern in the Houston area. But they have had some major wind gusts up and over 80 miles per hour at a couple of the airports around Houston. There's also the possibility of tornadoes to the east to the right of that center over eastern parts of Texas. But significant risk of flash flooding, Houston, up through college station, all the way through Tyler, we're talking east Texas, even up into the Arclatex area there, south eastern parts of Oklahoma, southwestern parts of Arkansas. And this whole time, and I know Diane, you were mentioning this, you're getting an onshore flow. So this is causing the storm surge. So you're getting a four to seven foot storm surge into Galveston Bay. That's in addition to all that rainfall, which is coming down. It makes the water very difficult for it to drain back into the Gulf of Mexico. And that's where we're just going to be seeing a lot of water everywhere as long as that onshore flow continues along with that heavy rainfall. So tracking the storm heads up towards say, Lufkin, could have 50 mile per hour wind gust there. It'll continue to weaken. I mean, it's a tropical storm right now. But that doesn't minimize the effects that it could have. It's still going to have a ton of moisture associated with it. It moves up into say Texarkana by later on this afternoon. And then it continues accelerating off to the North and East thereafter. In fact, we have flood watches all the way up into southern parts of Illinois, southwestern parts of Indiana for the middle part of the week. And then this heads up to the Great Lakes. It'll weaken as it does so, but it will really drive a lot of moisture and humidity up the East Coast. And as far East as the I-95 corridor, we could actually be dealing with some enhancement of thunderstorm activity, partially due to the moisture from barrel kind of being drawn into that front as it moves off to the East. The rainfall amounts could be on the order of four to ten inches, maybe even upwards of a footer more over areas of East Texas. And then they slowly kind of get whittled down two to three inches, but still two to three, three to four inches possible over parts of even New England as we head into the latter part of the week, especially Thursday into Friday. Diane. Thanks, and I want to go back to again, this live rescue that we're seeing play out in the Houston area. A man is on top of a pickup truck that's almost half submerged, if not more, in water. First responders are from a ladder. They've thrown him a life preserver. He's put his life jacket on and now has that life preserver around his waist and it looks like they're going to try to hoist him now up into the air and out of the truck. But as we said, the storm is now downgraded. Hurricane Burles now downgraded to a tropical storm. You can see how powerful that storm still is and also how powerful the water is that this storm has brought to this area. It made landfall as a category one in Madaguarda Bay. This is in the Houston area and we're still seeing again, those flood waters coming in, submerging this car and they're trying to get this man up now. OEM, Red Cross, local leaders are all working together to try to ensure everyone is out to safety. And Jeff, if you could just help me explain what's happening here and talk about the power of these waters because sometimes it's hard to understand when you're not in them how difficult the rescue like this is. Well, I mean, just to illustrate the power of moving water, water weighs nearly a ton per cubic yard. So I mean, that's just a ton of weight and when it starts moving, that's why it only takes a very small depth of water to sweep away a vehicle. So not only do we have water being pushed up into Galveston Bay and being pushed up into some of the rivers in and around the Houston area due to that storm surge, but we also have water coming down from the sky. So the combination of the two is just causing some of these waterways to rise very significantly and that's why we have life threatening flash flooding in that area. It looks like right now though, this guy's gotten lucky. I mean, wow, that's an incredible video right there that we're seeing live. Yeah, they're clearly moving very carefully to keep him safe, but looks like they're just bringing him slowly along to shore. I'm guessing those are firefighters and maybe other first responders there, but he looks like he is now safe on solid ground. Jeff, can you talk about how quickly these flash floods can hit and how easy it is to drive into what you think are safe waters and the puddle that your car can drive through and then realize you're actually in deep waters. The problem is, yeah, you don't know, you really don't know how deep that water is, especially in a nighttime type of scenario, but even during the day, that's why we tell people never drive into areas where water covers the road because it only takes a very small depth of water to actually start sweeping way your car, maybe six inches to a foot of water, especially if it's going quickly. And speaking of quickly, these rivers can just rise so quickly. We had that high tide this morning. We have that onshore flow again, driving that storm surge into places like Galveston Bay and driving it right up those rivers. In addition to that, we're getting, again, that rainfall coming down at the rate of one to two even three inches per hour. There's a ton of tropical moisture with the system. So that just goes to show you how quickly things can change and how dangerous things can turn very quickly when you're driving in a situation like that. Well, we just saw the driver there walking away from the scene. No doubt grateful that those first responders were there to rescue him and pull that him from the top of his car in that rushing water. Meteorologist Jeff Smith, Jeff, thank you.