 With almost 180 million items across different formats, naturally the Library of Congress must have some pretty wild stuff, right? For the first time, the Library of Congress, the world's largest library, will have a permanent treasure's gallery. Yes, with its new collecting memories exhibit, you can now see history for yourself. Like, for example, what was in President Abraham Lincoln's pockets the night he was assassinated. Dr. Carla Hayden, known as the Librarian of Congress, actually helped carefully install those items. No, a female deal. Right, a drop of golden sun. Also included in this collection spanning more than 4,000 years, is Oscar Hammerstein's Lyric Sheet as he fleshed out Do-Ray Me for the sound of music. But one artifact that is quite profound is the Blackwell's Kin Folk Family Tree. It's a piece of folk art that details the genealogical history of one African-American family from Virginia, and features 1,500 names including tennis legend Arthur Ash Jr. We have a wonderful African-American family tree, the largest in the country. So they'll be able to connect with the materials and possibly think about their own creativity and use them. And that's what this really is all about. The exhibit is the first in the Library of Congress's new multi-year plan called the Library for You. They want to show folks that you can find in their vast collection. And if we break some of that down, the Library has more than 8 million pieces of sheet music, more than 15 million photographs, and about 77 million manuscripts. By the way, you can find a lot of this on their website too. For example, if you searched, I don't know, Babe Ruth. You might find this picture of the great Bambino holding a monkey at the St. Louis Zoo. So you never know what you might find and learn. Curious George, meet George Herman Ruth. And guys, that exhibit is now open, and it is in the Library's Thomas Jefferson Building where we'll stay until December of 2025. Babe Ruth, hold it a monkey. I know, thank you. Have you been to the Library? No, it's funny because when I moved to DC for ABC News, and I couldn't wait, it's not waiting me to go to Library of Congress, and it was closed because of COVID, the year's 20th. So now that this exhibit is open, I just need to make a trip back to DC. Yeah, I need to go to the beautiful. I like to go when the kids are a little bit older, because they're still not that interested in museums and libraries and stuff like that. So, give it a few minutes. Also, let's bring back the popularity of libraries that we've just done. Absolutely.