 The briefing is now taking place right behind you there in the press briefing room. Let's listen in, guys. The President in order to take the call, the mission is not normal. And that also says that in Dr. O'Connor. But many of the things that I said right here at this podium is in the letter. And can I just also ask a little, this is the second time, and less than a week where the briefing had prompted any further clarification on questions about the President's health. I'm just wondering if you could speak to... So I disagree. I disagree, Songmeng. It's not. Yesterday, a lot of the things that I said right here in this briefing right now, you were not in the briefing room. I actually, it's in the letter. It was in the letter. It was being incorrectly assumed and insinuated that the President had seen Dr. O'Connor more than three times. I said that it was only three times that the President had seen a neurologist. I didn't confirm the name, but I did say it was only three times. It was being incorrectly assumed and insinuated that the President was being treated for Parkinson's. I said right here that the President was not being treated for Parkinson's. I actually went a step further and said he wasn't taking medication for Parkinson's. I said that right here. It was also being assumed and insinuated that Dr. Cranade was someone who only worked on Parkinson's when, in fact, he's a general neurologist. I was something that Dr. O'Connor was actually able to confirm that he was a general neurologist. Not, in fact, a general neurologist. And we also wanted to set the record straight. And so, you know, it is important, we believe it was important to all of you. I actually even said here at the podium, if there was more information that we could provide, we would do that. We would do that. And we did. But many of the things that I said right here is in the letter. Is in the letter. Okay. The President felt like he's beat back this effort to force him to step aside. Look, you know, you heard the President yesterday. When he called into Morning Joe, did about 18 minutes of Q&A yesterday morning. He spoke very, very, I think, forcefully, passionately about where he stands, about how he sees things moving forward. And we also have said many times, we respect members of Congress, we respect their view. But I also want to say there's a long, also a long list of congressional members who have been very clear and in support of this President, whether it's the CBC who gave a full support, the congressional black caucus for folks who are watching and I'm not sure what CBC is. They were very much supportive. They said we think that this is a representative Joyce Beatty to be clear. We think that the call went extremely well. The President was very responsive. Representative Tora Carter, who's also a member of the CBC, he was elated to hear directly from the President and that he is all in. And we are all in with him. You heard from, you got a congressional Hispanic caucus. They put out a statement in full support of this President and their others. And so look, he is going to focus on continuing to work on behalf of the American people, continuing to build on an unprecedented record that he's been able to get done with many of these congressional members, that he's proud to have worked with. But that's his focus right now. That's his focus. He's going to continue to engage. As you saw him in Pennsylvania, when he was in the Commonwealth on the road, he had two of the senators, two of the congressional members with him, the House members with him. He's going to be traveling later in the week. He's going to be engaging. I mentioned yesterday his robust schedule for the next two weeks when he's in state. He certainly would continue to engage. I don't have a list of additional calls to read out, but he did CBC last night, congressional black caucus, and he's going to continue to engage as he has been. Get married. The President has made clear he's done talking about the debate. It is time to move on. But some of his allies have made clear they're very much still in his weight and sea load. I mean, Senator Patty Murray said he must do more to demonstrate. He can campaign strong enough to be Trump. Senator Durban saying he's concerned whether this is just a one-off or a larger issue. So I guess how worried is the President that despite his best efforts, he's not going to be able to close the book on these concerns? In Mary, I appreciate the question, but as you know, there are hundreds of members in Congress, hundreds, and I laid out a list of folks who have supported him. We've heard from Senator Coons. We heard from Senator Federman. There's support there as well for him. And so we just want to make sure that we put that out there as well. We're all from Party United. Absolutely right. Absolutely. Representative Gregory Meeks said coming out of the Congressional Democrats meeting said that they're united. And you just saw the Dem Caucus leadership take questions from some of your colleagues over at the Capitol. So that is important as well to note. But he had a bad night. We've talked about it. He understands people's concerns. We have been out there as we have been in previous months, but out there obviously in the past 10 days, more than 10 days now, since the debate. And you see for him his engagement with everyday people on the ground. You see him with Congressional members who are showing their support, speaking on behalf of this president while we're on the ground in that respective state or Commonwealth being where we were in Pennsylvania on Sunday. And so we're just going to continue that. But look, what we can say, what I can say is, look, we respect people's opinion. These are – you just mentioned two senators that we were very proud working with over the past three and a half years to get historic – historic legislation done. And that's what we want to focus on. You're right. We do want to turn the page. You heard me say this last week. We want to get to the – the side of this. We want to continue doing the work. And that's what the president's going to do. And just be clear, does he have plans to talk with leadership against him? I don't have any calls. We don't have calls to read out or to preview. He is going to continue to engage. I just don't have anything right now to share at this moment. He talked to the CBC, again, the Congressional Black Caucus members yesterday. They had a very, very good call. And so he's going to continue to engage. Okay. Thanks, Great. The White House is obviously filled with a lot of questions and recent days about the president's health, whether the White House has been or coming or not about that issue. I just wondered, have the last 12 days made you reconsider any specific statements that you might have made in recent months on that issue? I look – I appreciate the question. I really do it in the opportunity. I think there has been moments here when I have said – and especially in the gaggle, I think – and actually yesterday, if I have – you know – said misled in something that I've said or haven't had the full information, I actually own up to them. And I actually say, I will do my best to get you the information. Hence the letter. Hence the letter for Dr. O'Connor, right? And so I will – you know, I've always said I've always been committed to doing the best I can to give you the information that we have. That is a commitment from the team. It has been an unprecedented time. I think you guys could admit that, right? It is an unprecedented time. And so we are meeting the moment – a new moment that has never really existed before. And so we want to make sure that we get you all the information that we have. And when we don't have it, we do try our best to provide that information. And so that is something that I'm going to continue to do. And I've always said, it is an honor and a privilege to be standing in front of you every day, exercising in the freedom of the press. This is – this is a briefing that is watched around the world because we lead in democracy, right? We lead in the freedom of the press and what that looks like. It is an honor and privilege and I will continue to do my best to do just that. And we certainly understand, you know, you speak on behalf of the President and you defend him, his actions, his positions, his policy positions included. Can I just ask you about one example, just going back that comes to mind? September in the past – we were talking about the last 12 days. I'm talking about the U.G. Senate recent months. No, well, you just said recently it's been – you know, we've been going back and forth. And so in the last 12 days or so, that was – just how – I believe that's how you ask me the question. I was talking generally. Okay. But if I could just ask you about one example. I mean, look, if you're going to ask me about something from months ago, it probably would be fair for me to – I probably won't be able to answer that right away. Whatever it is that you're going to say to me. Come back to us. I'm happy to do that. But it's also to say, hey, from September of whenever year, right? And that is something that I probably should give a little space to kind of see exactly what you're speaking of. Okay. And that's fine. I just want to make sure that we kind of give some context here. Yeah. And you'll remember this. This was an event where the president called out Congressman Jackie Lorsky, looked for her in the room, even though she had recently died. You told multiple reporters at the time and this was asked to multiple – she was tied. She was tied. Right. Yeah, it was because she was top of mine, the president. I mean, would you – I'm not exactly – would you offer a different explanation? I'm not. Because, honestly, I spoke to the president right before coming out that day and that is what the president told me. It's not something that came for me. That is something that came from the president. So he was saying even as he was speaking for her in the moment, it wasn't as she was talking to me. She was talking to me. Okay. That is coming. As you just said in your question, I speak for the president. I speak on behalf of him. That was coming from him and I was delivering directly from the president what he was thinking at the time. Great. A very different kind of example. And this is more recent. Oh, sure. Sure. When the president wasn't Italy for the G7 and you remember he skipped one of the leaders dinner, which was a major event for the summit. And I remember you were asked about it by reporters and you said, you know, we shouldn't read too much into the fact that he's skipping one dinner. I mean, what – would the explanation – would the president say that he was going to have been – that he was tired and that he needed to say something that would happen to him? I think my answer stays the same. I wouldn't read too much into it. It's not the first time that he has. He has a really busy schedule and there's a lot going on, as you know, when the president is abroad, he has continued to do domestic stuff as well as – as well as meeting with global leaders. And so I truly would not read too much into it and I will leave it there. Okay. I have a very final question on the annual – sure. – letter from Dr. O'Connor. He said that the president continues to be fit for duty and fully attributes all of his responsibilities without any exceptions or accommodations just because it's been a couple of months. You know if that statement is still accurate, it's still accurate. So no exceptions, no accommodations. No exceptions, no accommodations. No exceptions, no accommodations. Thank you. Thank you. Kering, there was an elephant in the Department of Justice today about a crackdown in Africa interrupt a Russian state-sponsored bot operation, AI fuel operation, to denigrate politicians in the United States and elsewhere. Have you – do you have any concerns right now that this is the leading edge of any part of a Russian effort to interfere in the election? Has the president been briefed on this? And have you seen any evidence that the Russians or other foreign powers have tried to seize on the debate performance to repeat some of the president's most embarrassing moments? So that's a very good question. I would have to talk to our team about those particular questions that you just had to answer. There were multiple questions in your statement there. I would leave it to the Department of Justice as what they announced, obviously that's for them to speak to. Look, AI has always been a concern. That's why the president made some announcements recently and executive to take his executive action on how we can deal with AI. We want to see more action, more full-sum action legislatively from Congress. And that is something – it is a cutting-edge technology that we need to get our hands on and get a better understanding of what it could potentially do. And so that is something that the president certainly is looking to make sure that we deal with this in a full whole of government way. On those particular questions, I would have to check in with our team here and obviously whatever is related to the Department of Justice in that statement, I would refer you to them. Okay. You said just a minute ago that the president wants to turn the page on the last couple weeks and get to the other side of this, where the White House wants to. You know, has President Biden seen enough support over the last 36 hours from fellow Congress, from fellow Democrats in Congress, to now start turning the page and look ahead? I mean, what's his reaction been to what he's seen since Congress has gotten back? I mean, very similar to how I answered the question to one of your colleagues. He's very much focused on what's ahead, right? He's very much focused. He has a full sum robust schedule next two weeks that we laid out for all of you. He wants to focus on that. The message is that he wants to come out when he goes to Texas next week, when he goes to Vegas next week. He's going to be on the road on Friday as well. I also want to say, you know, he is proud of the Congressional Black Caucus who said they have – he has their support. The Congressional Hispanic Caucus did the same. And other members of Congress, obviously. And so, look, he wants to move forward. As your colleague said, definitely unite the party, continuing to the unite the party. We heard from Representative Meeks, who said that the Congressional Democrats came out of the meeting today, united. I think that's important to note. But the President is going to move forward. He's going to move forward. He's going to continue to go out there, engage, engage with the American public, like you saw him do in Pennsylvania. And he's going to stay focused on that. Does he feel like he's weathered this storm so to speak? Look, I think that he is more determined than ever to continue to get the job done, to continue to build an economy that works for all, to continue to make sure that we have a middle class that is strong, that we don't have a trickle-down economy, that economy that's built from the bottom up middle out. That's what he wants to continue to do. I think this week with the NATO summit, the 75th year of NATO, let's not forget NATO, has helped to protect Americans and also protect the world and what it's been able to do for the past 75 years. You're going to see the President engaging with 32 leaders of this alliance. I think that's really important. That's, again, on behalf of the American people, so he wants to do that. He has a lot on his mind as it deals with making sure we deliver for the American people. That's what he's going to focus on. Okay, Peter, I know. I know we have our chat yesterday. Yes, thank you, Green. Does President Biden commit to serving a full second term if re-elected? Yes. Thank you. You know the President says that his health is fine, but it's just his brain, and that he's sharpest before he's joking, by the way. I just want to make sure that that's out there. And people, people, he was making a light-hearted joke as he was speaking off the cuff and was making a joke. You know the President. He likes to joke a lot. He's the same guy who says, I know I look 40, right? So he likes to make jokes. It is a joke. I think people laugh when he says it. He also says he sharpest before 8 p.m. So say that the Pentagon, at some point, picks up an incoming nuke. It's 11 p.m. Who do you call the first lady? He has a team that lets him know of any news that is pertinent and important to the American people. He has someone or that is decided, obviously, with his national security council and who gets to tell him that news. So Kevin McCarthy just said that when he was the speaker, many times when we had meetings in the obelophess, Jill was there as well. When the first ladies in these meetings, is she making decisions or is she just advising the President? No. The President is the President of the United States. He makes decisions. Okay. Another family member. President Biden has told me before, he and his son don't have any business dealings together. So what is Hunter Biden doing in White House meetings? Are you talking about the meeting where they came together from Camp David and the two of them walked to the President's meeting and he was there? There's a report that AIDS were struck by his presence during their discussions. Look, I can't – I'm certainly not going to get into a private conversations that occur. What I can say is – and I talked to this – I spoke to this before – is that when they came back from Camp David, the President spent a couple days at Camp David with his family. He is very close to his family, as you know. It was the week of 4 July, which is why his family members were here last week. They walked together and they walked together into the meeting. Can you say a hundred Biden has access to classified information? No. And are you guys just not since February testing President Biden for Parkinson's or for dementia because if he gets a bad result, it's all over that day. Again, as I've said many times before, the President has had a full sum, comprehensive – what we said, what we shared with you was comprehensive, but he's had a full physical. We've shown the results of those physicals this past three years. We showed it just four months ago. And it is in line with what we have done similar to President Obama, similar to George W. Bush. We are committed to continue to be transparent. We are committed to continue to show the results of those physicals. And look, it's the President's medical team that makes a decision. We are not – with all due respect, you're not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. This is the President's medical unit that makes a decision on what the President needs. Not a doctor. Just play one on TV. But I know that that is here. But I know that, especially as adults can enter their 80s, health conditions can pop up more than just once a year when he's getting his physical. I think if my wife saw me on TV, misspeaking or saying the wrong thing or seeing a change in my appearance, she would probably say, let's go to a doctor just to make sure that you are okay. You have a family. You have an important job. Why doesn't anybody in the President's family urge him just to go to get checked out to say the coast is clear? Okay. So just a step back just a little bit because I think you were in the briefing room last week. I don't want to go backwards, but just to share a little bit about that night, the President said it was a bad night. He talked about it. He had a cold, right? He talked about his schedule, right? Being abroad. And so we've spoke about what that night was like for him. And we understand what the American people saw, what you all saw, we've spoken to that. And I also would say, and I think you know this, Peter, you've covered a couple of administration at this point, administrations at this point, that the President, every President has a White House medical unit that is with him 24-7, that is available to him 24-7, that is unlike any other American, right? That is not the norm. That is uncommon. Just down on the other side of the colonate is where the medical unit is. And I did share that the President checks in while he's exercising with his doctor a couple times a week. And so he has something that most majority of Americans, all Americans, I would probably argue, don't have, which is a full medical unit that is with him at all times. And he gets a full, full, full physical, annual physical that we share with all of you. And that is very different, very different than an everyday American who sometimes they're lucky if they can go get a physical. They have to get into a car. They have to take public transportation. The President has, again, a medical unit that's with him here at the White House intervals. So I guess the question is just, this is not, you're saying this is not a situation where you would rather just not know if there isn't a issue with the President because if he does get a bad result, it is all over. He has to leave office right away. He can't run for reelection. First of all, it's a hypothetical, right, that you're giving me a hypothetical. But I will also say, just to clear this up, the White House medical unit, his doctor, they don't believe that he needs anything more than what we have been able to provide, a full, full detailed, very comprehensive physical that he had four months ago. It is their decision to make. It's not yours. It's not mine. It's the White House medical unit. Okay. I agree. And you mentioned that the Democratic Party was united, perhaps leadership, but a lot of where I can follow Democrats have a lot of concerns. One of them is you call and said today, not only are they not on the same page, but they're not even in the same book. How does the White House, is the White House concerned about that? We, I've said before, we respect congressional members. They have their opinions. We respect their opinions. Many of them that we've got, we had to opportunities to deliver really, really good results on behalf of the American people. But there is the whole congressional black caucus. They support the President. The Congressional Hispanic Caucus, support the President. Those are pretty impressive numbers. Senator Coon, Senator Federman, support the President. There's also another list here that shows support for this President. You're going to have some congressional members who feel differently. It is, that is up to them, right? The President wants to continue. He's going to have those conversations. He's going to engage with congressional members. He's going to continue to do that as he has. That's not going to stop. Obviously, the campaign is doing their work. We're doing, continuing our engagement with congressional members as we do pretty much all the time on whatever issue we want to work with them on. So that's not going to change. You heard from AOC, the Congresswoman from New York. She said, the matter is closed, and I support him, right? You heard from Maxwell Frost, who was on CNN today, gave, was very supportive on CNN. So you do have others out there just today, just today or yesterday, giving support to the President. I can't, you know, you're mentioning one person, but there are others as well. We'll agree. Yes. Oh, separate topics. Jeremy said it, Richmond this morning. He said that the bait stage was for war. It's a debate stage was for performance. I would say look at actions and accomplishments. President Dalyas had made some versions that argumented to not be attention to what he said on stage, but what his accomplishments are. But when you're the President of the United States, don't worry to Matt. So when you're the President of the United States, I think any kind, any leader, right, especially including a former President, your words do matter. You're 100 percent correct. The President has owned up to that night. He said it was a bad night. He said this. He said this many times. He's even said he screwed up. So those are the President's words. That's all I can give you at this time. We do believe that we should not just look at the 90 minutes. The President has done more than any other modern day Presidents, administrations, historic, historic things have gotten done. And I was watching the Democratic caucus. They talked about $35 insulin, right, capping that. When you think about seniors who were paying hundreds and hundreds of dollars, we were able to get that done because of a very important piece of legislation that we move through, right? And only Democrats made that happen. That's also because of the leadership of this President. And that's just one. That's a bipartisan infrastructure organization. There's those chips and science act. There's the PACT Act for our veterans. I mean, there are things that he's been able to do that elected officials' presidents before him have been trying to do and could not get done. Beating big farmer. So there is a long list of impressive things that this President has been able to get done, getting us out of the pandemic, that we do believe is important to note here as well as an accomplishment of this presidency. Another question that I don't think has been asked correctly if it has. The White House and also the campaign has said that he had a cold that night. He then went to a watch party afterwards, which you and Brugout, I was at that watch party. If he did have a cold, why then push into another event where he spent some 45 minutes along the road line? I mean, and not just, and I would add to that, it wasn't just a watch party. We landed at 2 a.m. in the morning in North Carolina. He greeted hundreds of North Carolinians in North Carolina. He woke up the next day in North Carolina, gave a speech in front of thousands of North Carolinians. No, no, no, I'm just trying to lay you. You gave me an opportunity, and I'm just using that opportunity, obviously, to lay out what the President did in those two and a half days. Look, one of the reasons that we shared that he had a cold is because during the debate in real time, everybody heard his horse voice and folks asked, and we were able to confirm right away that he had a cold, and that he was also tested negative for COVID. So we were able to share that in real time, so just also want to share that. Look, he pushed forward, right? Many of us have colds, and we still push forward. He's the President of the United States, he understands how important it is to continue to get up every morning, regardless of how you feel, right, to get things done. That's how this President is. I'm sure that's how many Presidents before him were as well. And it comes to really not letting a cold get you down. And I think that's also why he pushed forward in the debate also on that night. So no, keep push forward, try to get things done. Wanted to make sure that he had an opportunity of people who watched him do a debate, who were waiting for him, people at two o'clock in the morning in North Carolina who were waiting for him. He wanted to make sure that he engaged with Americans. And finally, Karine, this morning House Speaker Mike Johnson said, as he has before, that Democrats have been covering up the Presidents' mental acuity for years. How do you respond to that? And has the White House miss a lot of them? And so I will say this, Americans out there, folks who are watching, who are not normally in the day to day of what's happening in this world. There is a comprehensive medical, full comprehensive medical report on the website, whitehouse.gov. I would encourage them to take a look, to take a look, read that report. And they can also read for themselves what his specialist, a group of specialists coming out of the medical unit, decided on what they examined, what they saw, what they reported on. I think that matters as well. It is a group of them that come together when it comes to doing their physical. It is extensive physical. And so there is something there for them. It's transparent. It's out there. It's for them to read. It's for the American. Not just for you, for the American people to take a look. And I think that's important to note as well. And that's what I would share with them. Go ahead and I'll come to you at Ed and a second. Thanks, Karine. The President said yesterday in his letter in his interview that he talked to a wide range of voters. He overwhelmingly heard from people that they wanted him to stay in the race. Park polling shows that 76 percent of Democrats think he is too old to run this year. How is he coming to this conclusion? Are you sure that a handful of events is giving him a representative view of swing-stay voters? So look, I mean, look, that has been you all have asked me about polling in his age for, I feel like a year now. It's come up many, many times. And I'm not going to speak to polls. It's not something I'm going to do from here. I'm just going to let the experts, the pundits and all of you. No, no, we've got to do this. I was about to answer your question. Just give me a second. For the past three to half years, the President has been out there talking to voters. And if you think about what he was referring to, when we went to, when he went to Atlanta right after the watch party, he saw, he literally did a rope line. Some of your colleagues were there. Some of your colleagues spoke to some of the folks who were there and heard from them directly. He heard from folks at the rope line. I mean, these are everyday engaging with everyday people. That's what he did. Landed at 2 a.m. in the morning in North Carolina hundreds of people there. He did a rope line engaged with everyday people. The next day thousands of folks, thousands of people were at the North Carolina event. And you heard chance. Let's go Joe. We love you Joe. I mean, that's something that you feel, right? That's something that you feel out there. And that's what he feels out there. The next day, he went to New York and he was able to speak to some supporters there and then went to New Jersey. So it is a continuation. On Sunday, 600 people at the church, the whole, if you watch that service, you heard from that congregation. If you watched him in Harrisburg, you saw people. He saw him engaging with people. I mean, there's nothing that takes away all respect to the polling out there, but nothing takes away, I don't think, from engaging with everyday Americans. I think that matters too. And that's just, I'm just laying out the last 10 or 12 days, right? That's just the last 10 or 12 days. Over the weekend, the New York Times reported on a senior White House official who kind of worked with the President in his White Presidency in the 2020 campaign, said he shouldn't seek any reelection, and he thought he was not up to it with showing signs of his age. As the White House knows whose person is or making the effort to find out, are you comfortable having someone who apparently is traveling with him, working with him this way? Who thinks this? I mean, look, that is the first time I've ever heard that, was in that reporting. This is not the last administration where we try to find who is speaking or leaking. That's not something that we do here. He has their opinion, but that is the first time I've ever heard anything like that. I've never heard anyone speak in that way from here. Okay. To follow up on something you were saying to gave a congressional outreach, has the President spoken to, does he plan to speak with any of those that have publicly called for him to go? Look, I don't have a list of people. I'll tell you what, this is quite a different tone from yesterday when Kareen Jean-Pierre was addressing reporters at the briefing, as you know, after that disastrous debate performance and all the concern about the President's mental acuity, we find out yesterday that a Parkinson's expert has been visiting the White House eight times in eight months. And that briefing yesterday, I think it's fair to say, was pretty crazy. Kareen got very testy with reporters. Reporters got testy. And the bottom line was, where's the transparency? What is the status of the President of the United States and his mental health? What is going on? Who is this specialist? Who is this specialist seeing? So many questions about the President's capability of leading this country another four years, since yesterday, two to today. You can see it's very calm, but the messaging hasn't changed. The White House clearly in damage control.