 After a lot of concern about the president's debate performance and now word that we're getting about a Parkinson's expert visiting the White House in the past eight months, eight times, Kareen John, repairing getting questions from reporters there at the White House briefing. Let's listen in. This as well. He has for for those who don't know, obviously outside of the briefing room, outside of the White House of many Americans don't actually understand this. Let's take a step back. They they deal with their medical issues or physicals very, very differently. They are very, you know, they're lucky if they're just get to see their doctor once or twice a year, right? They have to get in a car. They have to either take public transportation in order to make that happen. The president's medical unit is literally down on the other side of the colon aid is just down the steps from residents. And so a couple times a week he does a check in a verbal check in with his doctor while he's exercising. That is something that happens often matter of fact, he did a check in today because I know folks were going to ask about if he was tested for COVID. He was not we are filing CDC guidance. He was not tested for COVID just to let you guys know about that one. And if he has any symptoms, obviously we would test him. But the second gentleman's. Yes, yes, which is why? No, no, no, this is a syncontext of the second gentleman. But to answer your point, he did not have a medical exam. He did not have a physical. He did do like a verbal check in with his doctor a couple days after the debate. And it was very quick. It was a couple of words that were spoken to each other. And that's how we were able to to we were able to give you that answer. But he did not have a medical exam. He did not have a physical. Yeah, was that. Did you know about that verbal check in or do we just not ask him that? So the line of questions that I was getting that day was in the way that I was hearing the question was about the medical exam. I answered MJ's question when she asked me medical exam. And I answered and say, said, no physical. And then somebody else asked me was there a check in. I did not mean to steer anybody wrong. I was still thinking about the medical exam. I was still thinking about the physical. That's how I answered the question. And then when it became. When the president actually spoke to it, we actually went back asked the ask the medical doctor. And he said they had a verbal check in. That's what he said. But in answering the question, I was talking about the medical exam. I was talking about the physical. And there's a lot of reporting last week. It's about a part of this expert who's come to visit the White House. Almost a dozen times of the last year or so, including at least one meeting with the president's physician. Could you state very clearly? Yes or no? Was that expert here to participate in anything surrounding the care of the president of the United States? So let me just say a couple of things. We have had a comprehensive, and I just want to take another step back. Comprehensive physical examination. The president has had that. We've given a comprehensive report. We've shared that the past three years. Every year that he has, every year that he has to have this exam, he sees a neurologist. And just to give you a quote from that from the report most recently in February and extremely detailed neurological exam was again reassuring in that there were no findings which would be consisted with any. Sarah Bella, a cellar bill or other central neurological disorder such as a stroke multiple sclerosis Parkinson's or ascending lateral sclerosis and quote so that came directly from in February in that comprehensive report that was provided by the president's doctor to me that I share with all of you. So anyone who is watching, certainly go to our website. This was his expert's visit to the words multiple vids, the white out and pertaining ahead all of the president's here. Here's a thing. I have said he's he has had three. He has had three, three physicals in those three physicals. That's when he has seen a specialist neurologic specials. I have to be super mindful here. And this is why and I'll explain this to you in a second. I have a number of thousands of military personnel who come onto this White House. Many of them get the care from the White House Medical Unit. And so need to be super careful. There are, you know, the medical unit. You host a wide range of specialists from dermatologists through neurologist. And so I cannot speak to every person because there are actually there's actually a security reasons to protect their privacy. We respect and protecting people's privacy. So do not want to share. I'm not going to share people's names from here. But the president I can tell you has seen a neurologist three times as it's connected to the to a physical that he gets every year that we provide to all. I want to wait wait wait a second. Wait a second or at least once in regards to the president. We hold on a second. You should be able to answer by this point. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, wait a minute. Come. Ed, please. A little respect here. Please. So every year around the the president's physical examination, he sees a neurologist. That's the way. He's a neurologist that's three times right so I am telling you that he has seen a neurologist three times while he has been in this presidency. That's what I'm saying. I am telling you that he has seen them three times. That is what I'm sharing with you right so every time he has a physical. He has had to see a neurologist so that is answering that question. No, it is it is. You ask. I also said to you. And I also said to you for security reasons we cannot share names. We cannot share names. We have to we have to others he would have met with. We cannot share names. Someone came here. We cannot share we cannot share names of specialists broadly from a dermatologist to a neurologist. We cannot share names. There are security reasons. We have to we have to pretend. I understand that. I am here. I am here for anyone to see. I hear you. I cannot from here confirm any of that because we have to keep their privacy. I think they would appreciate that too. We have to give them. We have to keep their privacy. I I I hear you. I have. I have. Guys. Guys. Guys. Hold on a second. There's no reason to get back and go back and forth and be in this aggressive way. And Mr. Run here about how information has been shared with the press. What do you what do you miss about? What do you miss about? He just asked about. And then every time I come back and I answer the question that you guys asked. I never answered the question incorrectly. That is not true. I was asked about a medical exam. I was asked about a physical. That was in the line of question that I answered. And I said no he did not have a medical exam. And I still stand that by that. I think the president still stands by that. He had a verbal check in. That is something that the president has a couple times a week. A couple times a week. Now in regards to Dr. Kevin Kinnon. And I am telling you right now that I am not sharing confirming names from here. It is a security reasons. I am not going to do that Ed. It doesn't matter how hard you push me. It doesn't matter how angry you get with me. I'm not going to confirm a name. It doesn't matter if it's even in the log. I am not going to do that from here. That is not something I am going to do. What I can share with you is that the president has seen a neurologist for his physical three times. Three times. And it is in the reporting that we share a comprehensive reporting. Matter of fact, it's more than what the last guy shared. And it is in line with what George Durdor is going to be bushed. It's in line with what Obama did. And so it is comprehensive. It is out there. I just read a quote from it. But I am not. I am not going to devolve somebody's name or confirm somewhat. I am not going to do that. That is as a privacy for that person. I'm not going to do that. It doesn't matter how hard you push me. It doesn't matter how angry you get with me from here. I'm just not going to do that. It is inappropriate. It is not acceptable. So I'm not going to do it.