 Question on this. Has the President you mentioned Parkinson's multiple sclerosis, all of these things? One diagnosis that we have, her potential diagnosis is hydrocephalus, which is if we would build up in the brain, it's something we've never heard in any medical reports. Is that something that the President has in the back? If it's not in the medical report, obviously it's not something that the President is dealing with. I can tell you this. Just going back to Parkinson's for a little bit so to give you some answers here, has the President been treated for Parkinson's? No, is he being treated for Parkinson's? No, is he taking medication for Parkinson's? No. So those are the things that I can give you full blown answers on. But I'm not going to confirm any specialist that comes to the way I was out of practice. Will the President go to the Hill today? I know we saw his letter. Is he in tell me to have this conversation face to face? So look, the President, obviously this is someone who is a Senator for 36 years, who was the President of the Senate, as when he was Vice President for eight years, and he respects, truly respects the members of Congress, and has always, and will always do that, especially as a former Senator. And I will say, and you heard, you've heard us say this before, or most recently, is this is the President who's won the primary, right? By 14 million votes, 87% of those votes, certainly. And look, don't have any engagements to read out, you know, outside of that. But I will say that the President was in Pennsylvania. I just mentioned at the top, he got to see Senator Federerman, Senator Casey. He also got to see Congresswoman Dean. He spent some time with them. They traveled across Pennsylvania. And I will say, when the President gets knocked down, he gets back up. This is quintessential Joe Biden. And there are a long list of other congressional members who have shown their support for this President. I don't have anything else to read out. You saw the letter. The letter was, I think, pretty clear on where the President stands. And I'll just leave it there. You've noted that there are thousands within the Walter Reed system, maybe treated by specialists who visit here at the White House. But this Neuro just had a meeting with the President's physician, with his doctor. You were standing to say if he was here to evaluate the President, or if he was consulting on the President's health. So what then was that meeting about? And I will say that Dr. O'Connor leads the medical unit. He's literally the medical unit. No, because we will not confirm or speak to names that are you're providing to me. It is out of security reason, is out of protecting someone's privacy. We're just not going to do that. But they are. The reason that I mention that is because there are a thousand military members that do, indeed, use the White House medical unit. They do. They get care from them. We're talking about the President's military. Guys, I'm trying to answer the question so you can connect the dot that there are multiple neurologists that come that neurologist, specialists that come through here. Because there are more than a thousand medical military personnel here. A military personnel here. I sort of can clear this all up just by saying what he was doing here. And if it was connected to the President, yes or no? I am not going to confirm that a particular neurologist, anybody. It doesn't matter if they're a dermatologist or a neurologist. I'm just not going to do that. I shared with all of you that the President has met, has been with the neurologist three times, as it relates to his physical three times. So you know, I'm just not, and guys, I'm just not going to do that out of security reasons, out of privacy. It is not something that I'm going to do a measure of privacy. We have to be able to give people from here. One is a little bit different. The President has seen no reason to evaluate him for Parkinson's since his physical infirmary. Is that based on these verbal check-ins that you've been describing based on his public appearances? We see that one more time. You've said that the President's doctor has seen no reason to evaluate him or re-evaluate him for Parkinson's since that physical infirmary. What is that based on? Is it these other questions? I never said that. What I have said is what I have said is that he just had a physical just in February, and the physical was very clear. It was a comprehensive physical. We gave out a report on that, and as it relates to the check-ins, that is something that is common. The President has a medical unit that is literally down the hall that he's able to check in with when necessary. They normally do it while he's exercising. That is not uncommon. It is very different. It is very different than any everyday American. They do not have that option. They do not have that access, because he's President of the United States. Every other President has had that access, and they are able to do that. So, we just declared yes or no, has his physician seen a reason to re-evaluate him for Parkinson's since the February physical? No. The comprehensive report that you all have stands. The President obviously will have another physical, and we'll wait for that physical.