 So the confetti has barely been cleared up from the Boston Celtics championship parade, but the race toward the next NBA title will begin tonight. The first round of the 2024 NBA draft is taking place at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, and you can watch it all on full tonight at 8 Eastern on ABC and ESPN. The Atlanta Hawks have the top pick, and it could be the second straight year that a Frenchman goes first overall. Joining me now to break it all down is the ESPN NBA analyst Brian Wynnhorst. Brian, good to see you. If you're in the Hawks' war room tonight, who are you taking? I think they're probably leaning towards Zachary Rishashay, who's a 19 year old wing. Six foot nine has excellent size. Good skill set. This is not believed to be a draft that is loaded with franchise changing players. But teams are looking for as potentially guys who can be maybe a contributor on a high level team, and that's what Rishashay is probably ticketed for. He's probably got the most complete skill set in the draft, which scouts say makes him one of the safer picks. The interesting thing with Atlanta is Alex Tsar, also a Frenchman, didn't want to work out there, and he was a candidate to go number one. And Tsar, you know, turning down to work out there has maybe sent the Hawks a little bit away from him. And if he doesn't get picked by Atlanta, I think he's likely to get picked number two by the Washington Wizards. Another intriguing prospect, obviously, is Brony James. Maybe not so much because everybody thinks he's the best, but he is the son of NBA legend LeBron James. People would think that, yeah, it would be something of a slim dunk to use an NBA phrase. But that he would be drafted high, but it's possible he will be taken at all, right? Is that a possibility? And if so, why? I think there's a good chance he will be drafted. I just don't know if it'll be in tonight's first round. You know, the NBA sent out 24 invitations for the 30 picks tonight to come and be at the draft players that they believe will likely be selected. And Brony James was not among them. Now as for tomorrow's second round, I think there's a good chance he's going to hear his name called. He has done a good job during the draft process of improving his stock. He's performed well in individual workouts and in measured workouts for in front of all the teams. But he is a little bit undersized by NBA standards just six foot one and a half in his bare feet. He didn't show good shooting mechanics and good shooting results in his loan season at USC. So that's going to push him down in sort of the developmental zone, but his character is well regarded, his work ethic is well regarded and obviously his bloodline is well regarded. So I do think that he will hear his name called. I would just be surprised if it is in the first round. All right, and after the draft, the NBA world will turn its eyes to free agency. What are you looking for there? Yeah, so there's a couple of big name free agents, but the most important one is it really is Paul George. Paul George, he can be a free agent by Sunday if he doesn't get a new contract with the LA Clippers, but he's got an interesting situation. He actually has sort of three different choices. He can choose to re-song with the Clippers. Now he's free to do that now. He can choose to become a free agent and go sign with the team that has salary cap space to give him a deal with over $15 million a year that he's looking for. Or he actually has an option in his contract. He could pick up that option for next year and try to force the Clippers to trade him to a team that wouldn't need to use salary cap space. In that regard, a lot more teams come into play. And that is what Paul George is working on. There are a number of teams out there that are willing to pay for him, but they can't sign him out right. They would have to work out a deal with Paul George and work out a deal with the Clippers. Does this sound difficult? It is difficult because the Clippers do want to keep him, but these types of deals have been worked out in the past. So as soon as the draft is over, a lot of focus in the league will be on what happens with Paul George, the top free agent name on the market. All right, Brian Winhorse. Thanks so much for breaking it down for us. We appreciate it. And you can watch the first round of the 2024 NBA draft tonight at 8 Eastern on ABC and ESPN.