 And a Texas woman has sharing her story after her husband was fatally electrocuted in a resort hot tub. Liz Ambrano was also in that hot tub and seriously injured. Now she says she believes it could have been prevented. Here's her exclusive interview with our Matt Rivers. I feel that this could have been prevented. Texas couple, he set some brown and her husband, George Guyen, seen in these pictures while traveling with dozens of family members to a Mexican beach resort. But they didn't know was that these photos would be their last together. I still can't believe it. A very good man was taken away. Liz speaking exclusively to ABC News about what happened last week at the Sonoran Sea Resort in Mexico, where she and her husband were both electrocuted in a hot tub near the pool, seriously injuring her and taking George's life. Liz now suing the resort for wrongful death due to what she alleges was faulty wiring, sending a live current into the water. In a frightening video now part of the investigation, Liz is seen being pulled to safety. George receiving CPR on the deck. The last thing I remember him saying is old **** and it's the same time that I felt the first electric shock. And then it happened over and over and over. I didn't hear him again. The suit alleging that bystanders attempts to rescue the couple were hampered, stating the metal from the objects carried the electrical current and began shocking the rescuers. A lot of people jumped in, but they kept jumping out because the shocks were so strong. Liz says she was pulled out with no pulse, given CPR and met a vac to a hospital, where as she came to, she overheard nurses confirm the worst. I could hear them and one of them says, no, his post no la iso. What does that mean in English? Her husband didn't make it. The lawsuit seeks one million dollars in damages from Casa Go, facilitator of the vacation rental, claiming George was being electrocuted and drowned underwater for 10 minutes. And at no time prior to this, did defend and seek to engage the emergency shut off for the Jacuzzi. Casa Go denied responsibility, saying in a statement in part, quote, the sonore and C is a condo resort and the homeowners association is responsible for all common areas, including the maintenance of the swimming pool hot tubs and grounds. Casa Go, a vacation rental company, is not involved in any management or maintenance of the resort. ABC News has asked the homeowners association for comment, but has not heard back for the San Brano's and their lawyer, though, they feel the culpability is clear. What policies and procedures do they have in place? And what's the point of those policies and procedures if they're not doing anything to enact them? And if you find yourself in water where you suspect there could be an issue with a live current, a couple things to look out for, according to the National Fire Protection Association, look out specifically for any lights that might not be functioning underwater, also never swim before, during or after any thunderstorms. Diane. Matt Rivers, thanks for that exclusive interview.