 Wimbledon is off to an exciting start with some of the biggest names in tennis facing off in the first round. U.S. Open winner Coco Gough won her match against fellow American Caroline Dullhide. And Naomi Osaka returned to Wimbledon for the first time in five years as a new mom beating Frances Diana Perry, two sets to one. Let's go over to ESPN's tennis commentator, former professional tennis player, John Isner for more. John, what stands out to you so far from the first round? Well I think from first round action yesterday, obviously having Naomi come back here, play and win. It's been so long since she's been here. It's hard to imagine. It's been five years since she's played here. So that was a big result for her, a big result for the tournament. We're also Coco Gough, fresh off of her, of course, U.S. Open win. As everyone knows, she lost last year in the first round. She's a much different player this year and she showed that out there on CinderCourt yesterday. So, having Naomi and Coco advance from the women's side was very, very important. I think for the tournament and for all the fans. John, who do you think on the women's side? Do you think those two make it all the way to the end? Any predictions? It's hard to say that Naomi will make it all the way. I mean, she certainly has a firepower too, but I don't think grass is her best surface. I would give Coco the better shot of those two. Naomi has a very tough match in her next one against Immanivaro from the United States, who maybe not many people know about, but she has a lot, a lot of games. So that's a big time, second round matchup. And what about on the men's side, John? Who do you expect to make it through to the end? Yeah, well, I don't think I'm saying anything outrageous here in believing that Cinder, Al Carraz, I also do think Novak, to me, he looks great on the practice chords. I think Novak on the bottom side of the draw, he would be my pick to make the finals. I think he's got something to prove in a weird way. He's got a little bit of the pressure off of him and he's almost flying under the radar, which is crazy to see him because a lot of the attention has been on center and outcrasse, but also the lot of attention has been on Novak's knee. So not many people are expecting much of him, but I'm sort of on the other side of that. I've seen him practice and he seems to be super focused, he's ready to go. John, how does it feel being back there? And what are you most looking forward to this tournament? Yeah, it's always great coming back. I mean, I personally think I played this tournament 16 times, so very fortunate to be a part of this event for so, so long. It's just a truly magical, special place. Everyone says that. Even with the rain, obviously, I'm holding the umbrella right now. It does not dampen the spirits of this place. It's just fantastic. The best tournament in the world. It's the best sporting event, my opinion in the world. And as I said, to be a part of this tournament for so many years as a player, now as a contributor, is very, very cool for me. Rain in London, it feels like it's probably just part of the event. That's exactly right. Every single year you expect this, and if you can see the grounds right now, they're all covered. The grounds keepers here are absolutely amazing. As soon as it starts raining, the courts are covered and they blow them up and so the courts stay dry. It is such a good job here. They're so professional, but everything they do here. If there's one thing the Brits do well, it is dealing with the rain. That's for sure. John, is there so great to have you? Thank you. Thank you. And you can catch more first round action at Wimbledon today on ESPN.