 Time now for our last call. Former college rivals turned WNBA rookie sensations, taking the league to new heights. Caitlin Clark and Angel Reese both making women's basketball history over the weekend. Reese recording her 13th consecutive double double for the Chicago sky besting the streak, set by all time great Candace Parker. Clark also making history, becoming the first rookie to score a triple double. And she did it playing against the league's top ranked team, the New York Liberty. As if you haven't heard enough for them, listen, we talked Washington, we talked politics, we talked the campaign, and now we're talking basketball. Let's bring back the panel, Catherine, John, Marcia, and Asma. Marcia, two pretty huge feats here by two star rookie players. Is this just the start of what's to come? Yeah, it's so exciting. It's so exciting to watch for the WWE. Let me just say as someone who loves fashion, her Caitlin Clark's jersey a sold out so fast. And I am just waiting for those Caitlin Clark shoes to come out from 90s. So I can grab a pair. Is it is it Air Caitlin? Is it Caitlin one? I'm ready. And John, what do you make of this? Are you also waiting for the shoes in the situation here? You're hoping to get a pair of those? I might pass on the shoes, but I'll tell you what, it's unbelievable what's going on. It's transforming women's sports, not just basketball. You've got great athletic displays on a regular basis through electrifying. There's great personal storylines. They're wearing cool clothes. They're totally changing the game, and it's great for basketball. And I hope they start getting the contracts that remotely resemble what the men are getting, because it's long overdue for some equality. Oh yeah, I love that talk about equity. Catherine, your thoughts on all of this? Well, look, I'll leave the basketball conversation to you guys, but all I have to say is that my dreams as a teenager were to be a sideline reporter for sports for the NFL, for basketball. So all of this conversation is maybe making me want to leave Capitol Hill. Don't tell my colleagues. Me too. Me too. I actually started my career in sports. So I'm with you on that one. And Osmo, I'll let you have the last word here. Any thoughts on this? Yeah, I'm just in all watching these women, right? I was a basketball player, a basketball player from Indiana, and it would have been amazing to have seen role models like this growing up. So kudos to them. I know there's a lot of young girls who feel the same way. All right, thanks again to this powerhouse panel. That is it for our last call in this half hour. Catherine, John Marsha and Osmo, so good to have you. Thanks guys.