 Our next guest is one of the world's most well-known women soccer players. She's a two-time World Cup champion and no big deal on Olympic gold medalists, but also to become a queer icon after publicly coming out in 2019. She's here now to tell us all about her pride and what this month means to her. Joining us now from the Red Bull Arena in Harrison, New Jersey, where there's a game in just a few hours, please welcome Gotham FC Defender, Kelly O'Hara. Woo! Woo! Welcome to the show! Welcome, Kelly O'Hara. How are you? Hi, baby! Happy Pride! Happy Pride! How's the vibes over there? How's the energy? Oh my God, listen, the mugs that could go and the dance and it's going, I mean, we're ready here. Yeah, but Kelly, before we chat about that memorable moment, last month you made a big announcement. You said that the 2024 NWSL season and Gotham FC will be your last. How does that feel closing the chapter of a historic career? What can you tell us? Yeah, you know, it's definitely a bittersweet moment to come to retirement every athlete has to go through it. But I have nothing, but, you know, a lot of gratitude in my heart and I'm very thankful for everything this sports given me. I'm going to miss the game, but it's been a great career and I, you know, I can't imagine doing anything more and I'm just thankful that I got to do everything that I was able to do. Kelly, as if you didn't have enough going on, you've recently added executive producer. Thank you very much to resume. You produced a short film called Right. It premiered at this year's Tribeca Film Festival. Again, no big deal. It also won big. Can you tell us more about the film? How are you able to juggle all of this? Yeah, you know, prioritizing sleep has been really important these days with a lot going on. But yeah, right. First foray into executive producing alongside my fiance, Cameron Stanhouse, also a business partner. Really good call to try and look Anderson. We all executive produces film. It's directed and written by Tusk, which is Olivia Mitchell and Carrie Furr. And it's just this beautiful love story between these two girls that meet through soccer and Sean Spain. It's just, it's gorgeous. And like you all said, it's been racking up some awards. So we're really proud of it and excited to make it into a feature hopefully soon. So if anybody's looking to invest, give me a call because this is something we want the world to see. That's what a true EP does. It calls out all of them. I love it, Kelly. I learned. I'm learning now. Yeah, exactly. If you came out in the most epic of ways five years ago, kissing your fiancee after winning a championship, when you look back on that moment, how do you think people process it? And how did you process it afterwards? You know, it's funny. People are like, oh, you came out in 2019 when you when you smooched your girlfriend. And I was like, well, I actually, you know, I feel like I had been living my life very out up to that point. But I guess not like on a public grand stage. And for us, the intention, you know, my intention wasn't to come out in that moment. It was just sharing this special moment with my person and my rock. And you know, the person who had gotten me through and helping me to win that world cup. And I think it resonated with a lot of people that like coming out doesn't have to be this grand gesture. It can just be living authentically you and being yourself. And I've received so many letters and like messages since then about how that's impacted people. And just given people hope and, you know, the courage to just be their authentic selves. And to know, just be able to be themselves. And I think that's super special. And I feel very lucky to have been able to impact people in that way. Well, it seems like the perfect fairy tale ending that you kiss your true love and all this magic happens. But Kelly, do you think that the world of soccer or maybe even the world of sports more broadly is becoming more accepting of the LGBTQ plus community? Yeah, you know, I think that for me, soccer has always been a really safe and accepting space. I know sport hasn't always been that way, but I think that, you know, we're trending in the right direction. And I've always felt through my life, my career, that it's been the place that's allowed me to, you know, be myself and be my authentic being, I guess. And I think that it's becoming that for more players and, you know, fans and people surrounded with the game. And I think that's what's so special about sports is that it can bring people together and unite people. And hopefully, you know, create this safe space for everyone. Kelly, something you said earlier was so impactful to me because I believe that same thing. It's not always about coming out coming out. Well, who queer person knows that they're who they are. They already know who they are coming out. It's for everyone else. I like to call it, letting you in. And I think Kelly, you let us in. You've let us into your personal life and never say the work coming out has never been set well with me. It's when other people find out what you really are, you're letting them in. You're not coming out, but letting you in. And you've been so gracious to let us in about your wedding planning. Right? You were engaged back New Year's Eve in 2022. And you said you were going to start a wedding planning this year. Have you at all said a date? You want to share with us? Oh my goodness. You guys are. First of all, I love that. I love that. Letting people in. Well, I'll let you in a little secret. We haven't been wedding planning just because there's been so much on our plate with everything that we've been doing. We keep looking into them being like, whenever are we going to do this? But obviously with me retiring, it's going to open up the schedule and give me some free time to be able to actually pick a weekend because we work weekends playing soccer. So, you know, 2026. Hopefully that'll happen. That's our plan. So we'll plan potentially into this year into next year. I'll take it. Okay. I mean, he got ahead. Yeah, thank you. We're letting us in. All right. That's awesome. Hey, Kelly, Kelly, you've been playing soccer since, oh my gosh, you were four years old. Do you have a favorite moment of your career? That's just amazing. Oh, man. You know, all of the, all of the moments and the big victories that everybody gets to see are so special. You know, winning gold in 2012 was honestly a childhood dream come true. Because for me, the Olympics was the first picture and visibility of like female athletes on TV. Really? I remember watching the 1996 Olympics and watching the Magnificent 7, the Genesex team and just how incredible they were. So for me, winning gold was super cool and something that, you know, again, lifelong dream. But I was a 2019 World Cup was also really special just because I was coming off an injury and, you know, we were going back to back and there's so much pressure. But honestly, there's been, I've been lucky to be part of so many big wins and exciting moments. But truly the thing that I'm going to take for my career and the moments I'm going to look back on and smile are like the little ones that is away from the public guy and just between teammates and, you know, those, those little mundane things that we go through as athletes. I'm going to, I'm going to look back and really cherish. One of those little mundane things actually wasn't so mundane. It's free agency. And last year you became the first player in your league to be a free agent signing. What was that like? And can you explain to viewers why it's so important that athletes do have that ability to become free agents? Oh, yeah, no, that definitely, I wouldn't say that was a mundane thing. That was a stressful thing because free agency was like it was the first time that we were able to actually have autonomy and, you know, self determination in terms of where we were going to end up in play. And I was the first player to sign with the team to sign with Gotham. And it is really, really important for the sport. Around the world, that's how football is done. There is free agency and players get to decide where they want to play. And just as humans, it's really nice and important to be able to choose where you get to play. Again, I was lucky enough to do that. The first player to be able to do that. And I'm hoping that our league is going to very soon allow everybody to be free agents and to be able to decide where they want to play. Because, you know, you want to be able to be with your person or be around family or go to the city you want to play for a play for the team that you want to play for not necessarily where you get traded to or where you get drafted to. Well, Kelly O'Hara, you said you're going to miss soccer, but I know soccer is going to miss you too. Thanks so much for joining us today and good luck to the team. Thank you guys. You all have fun. We're missing out, but we're with you in spirit. Thank you. Thank you.