 If you had caught me straight out of college in the halls of the Vermont State House where I was a lobbyist in training and asked me what I was going to do with my life, I would have told you that I just passed the Hanyu Shui Pin Coucher, the Chinese equivalency exam, and I was going to go study law and Beijing. And I was going to improve US-China relations through top-down policy changes in judicial system reforms. I had a plan. I never ever thought it would have anything to do with the ban joke. Little did I know what a huge impact it would have on me one night when I was at a party and I heard a sound coming out of a record player in the corner of a room. And it was Doc Watson singing and playing Shady Grove. That sound was just so beautiful. The sound of Doc's voice and the rippling groove of the banjo. And after being totally and completely obsessed with the mammoth richness and history of Chinese culture, it was like this total relief to hear something so truly American and so truly awesome. I knew I had to take a banjo with me to China. So before going to law school in China, I bought a banjo. I threw it in my little red truck. I traveled down through Appalachian. I learned a bunch of old American songs and I ended up in Kentucky at the International Bluegrass Music Association Convention. And I was sitting in a hallway one night and a couple girls came up to me and they said, hey, do you want a jam? And I was like, sure. So I picked up my banjo and I nervously played four songs that I actually knew with them. And a record executive fucked up to me and invited me to Nashville, Tennessee to make a record. It's been eight years. And I can tell you that I didn't go to China to become a lawyer. In fact, I went to Nashville and after a few months, I was writing songs. And the first song I wrote was in English and the second one was in Chinese. So fun to me like yeah, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo. Outside your door, the world is waiting inside your heart, a voice is calling. The four corners of the world are watching. So travel, daughter, travel. Go get it, girl. It's really been eight years since that faded night in Kentucky. And I've played thousands of shows and I've collaborated with so many incredible inspirational musicians around the world. And I see the power of music. I see the power of music to connect cultures. I see it when I stand on a stage at a bluegrass festival in East Virginia and I look out at the sea of lawn chairs and I bust out into a song in Chinese. And I see the power of music to connect cultures. What's that girl doing? And then they come up to me after the show. And they're like, they all have a story. They all come up to me and they're like, you know, my aunt's, sisters, babysitters, dogs, chicken went to China and adopted a girl and I tell you what, it's like everybody's got a story. It's just incredible. And then I go to China and I stand on a stage at a university and I bust out into a song in Chinese and everybody sings along and they roar with the light at this girl with the hair and the instrument and she's singing their music. And I see even more importantly the power of music to connect hearts. Like the time I was in Sichuan Province and I was singing for kids in relocation schools in the earthquake disaster zone and this little girl comes up to me. I go to the big sister Wang, Washburn Wang, same difference. Big sister Wang, can I sing you a song that my mom sang for me before she was swallowed in the earthquake? And I sat down and she sat on my lap. She started singing her song and the warmth of her body and tears rolling down her rosy cheeks and I started to cry and the light that shone off of her eyes was a place I could have stayed forever. And in that moment we weren't our American selves, we weren't our Chinese selves, we were just mortals sitting together in that light that keeps us here. I want to dwell in that light with you and with everyone and I know US-China relations doesn't need another lawyer. Thank you.