 Resil, it's my honor to welcome Ahim Schneider. Are you on Ahim? Hi, I'm Adid. Hi, Sally. Good to meet you. Hello. Nice to be with you as well. There's obviously so much going on in this moment. So many things we could talk about. I really want to ask first, focusing on COVID-19 coronavirus this moment obviously has mapped on to and exposed so many inequalities that already existed in our world that I know you focus on on a daily basis and your work has this moment, has this crisis, this global health and economic crisis changed the way you think about development? I think it has, Sally. And I think it has for billions of people. I think more than four billion people across the planet have been in lockdown mode. This has not happened in living memory and in fact, I cannot think of an episode in history where literally across the planet in a synchronized fashion, we had to deal with the pandemic and we were able to address a pandemic. To some extent in unison despite all the divisions and I think in that sense, yes, everything has changed right now. The question is what happens next and the pandemic in that sense has been a great equalizer because you had to respond in the same way whether you lived in a rich country, in a poor country alone or with others. But it was also great, unequalizer because the ability to respond in terms of access to healthcare, in terms of the resources country or a family may have available to COVID is obviously revealed something that for some of the works in development already existed before. The underlying conditions of inequality certainly have become very pronounced and very visible in the response to COVID-19. I guess let me ask it this way. From knowing you and D.P.'s work, there's a way in which the inequalities, the injustices, the great disparities both within countries and then across countries, sort of north to south, developed, developing, already existed and you already knew them intimately. Do you think though that the precise or, I mean, really epic, just unprecedented way in which those inequalities and inequities have been laid bare and exploited in a lot of ways by this pandemic and the fallout, has that in any way shifted your thinking or changed your thinking in the way, or is it just sort of more of the same and a deepened commitment? Do you know what I'm getting at? Not at all. It starts with the fact that over a hundred days ago I was suddenly essentially asked to stay at home and as the head of a United Nations organization has 17,000 people across 170 countries, just that experience of trying to run an organization, including the duty of care for our staff, who are not only in locations where there is a healthcare system where you're able to go to a place and receive support. Many of my colleagues are working in the middle of crisis countries in civil wars in very poor context. So that was the first thing. How do you run an organization like this in the midst of a global lockdown when you have all these people who in turn, all these countries are also looking to help? And I think that experience that almost shock certainly focused our minds, immediately on what it means to try and respond to something that yes, in theory, all had discussed could happen, but as the world has shown across the globe, we are ill prepared for it. Secondly, as we respond, what was disturbing was to see that in so many respects, we were unable to help some of the most vulnerable because we were not prepared. Because countries did not have money, access to medical equipment. But as the crisis continues clearly, there is a lot of thinking about what is it that we can do to never end up in this kind of situation again? How can we think forward? And I think that is just beginning to both permeate our work as development professionals, development is a metaphor in a sense for choices that you and I, our governments on our behalf, have to make. And I think in that sense, we're just beginning to think about what is life beyond the crisis of COVID-19 going to do in the way that we think about the future of our societies of the relationship between the state and its citizens, the role of the private sector. What is a public good that we all invest in collectively in order to be better protected? And I think these are the kinds of questions that are going to drive our thinking. And let's be honest, right now, many of our societies are actually responding under stress. We see criticism, we see polarization, we see a lack of trust also. And I think perhaps the first priority will be to reestablish trust in one another, but also in the way that in our societies, we can manage these issues. And that is quite a challenge. So I want to hear, I have so many questions I want to ask, I want to hear more about some of the examples of how this looks on the ground and actually how what your what UNDP's work looked like before the crisis and now, and if you could give us a sense of how communities are responding. But before I do that, there's something embedded in your, in your, what you just said, which is it's easy to, that's not easy, it's not easy to solve it, but we can push a lot of the responsibility for the failure to prepare on nation states themselves, their lack of prioritization. We could talk about market failures, we could talk about a lot of things. But some people would in this moment say, well, where are global institutions? Are global, some would even go far enough to say they seem missing in this moment from this debate, from the solutions, certainly they didn't prepare us adequately enough, and that allowed these crises to, it's way out of control. Is that true? Well, in one sense, it is true because global institutions are also a reflection of our individual preparedness. I mean, whether it is the United Nations, the International Monetary Fund, the World Health Organization, clearly there are many things that we are learning we perhaps should have done earlier, but it is not for lack of actually drawing the attention of world leaders to these issues. Pandemics have been on the scenario crisis platform and radar for many years. In fact, I attended a G7 summit in Germany at the time with the Secretary General Ban Ki-Mooner. There was actually a scenario planning exercise with the heads of government on a pandemic. And yet, the magnitude of this particular COVID-19 in the situation exceeds anything that we perhaps had anticipated. So I think yes, but let me also say, one is the politics of international cooperation. The other is what the institutions of the United Nations, for example, are also the Bretton Woods institutions that call the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank, are doing. And here, I would challenge those because, in fact, it is these institutions that, while every country is turning inwards and looking at its own priorities and crises at the moment, are in fact out there across the globe helping to keep countries going. The IMF had over a trillion dollars in terms of access to countries to have what they call fiscal space, just the money, to be able to pay an employment benefit to help all these people have lost their livelihoods in the informal sector. The World Health Organization trying to corral over a hundred and ninety nations into a common response because this virus simply cannot be contained by countries acting individually and in the United Nations system, and whether it is the World Food Programme Unicent, we are working on the ground at the moment, delivering food to literally a hundred million people, trying to keep services going, trying to import with an air bridge, medical equipment that is urging people to do it because in many countries there are not even enough ventilators just for the hospitals that already exist, never mind the onslaught of patients that are coming. And perhaps most importantly, there is also an economic fallout that is happening simultaneously to the medical system's crisis. And on the continent of Africa, in some ways the social economic fallout has almost arrived earlier than the virus because countries have had to lock down and literally hundreds of millions of people overnight have lost their livelihood because many people don't realize that on a continent such as Africa, 70-80% of people who earn a living do some informal sector. You stop trading, you shut down your corner shop or your workshop tomorrow, there is no income, there is no social safety net, your life is literally in economic free fall. So give us a sense, pick a place, pick a couple places of, I mean I think it is really hard for those of us who may think our lockdown is difficult enough in a New York City or a London to have resources and privilege to imagine both the crisis of lockdown as well as the ripple effect, the dominoes of all of these different crises on the health, well-being, sanctity, mental health of a community. What does it look like in those places and can you also give a sense of what development and the sense of resilience could actually look like if we use this not just as a crisis to respond to but as a wake up call. Let me start with the immediate response. For example, how do you provide temporary basic income? In a country where most people don't have a bank account, in many developing countries, the poor simply are not players in a financial system, they have no assets, they have no firm address or land title, so they don't even own an account. So digital platforms have obviously emerged as an enormous opportunity to leave fro. So whether it's a country like Tobol, that literally in the matter of weeks set up a cash transfer scheme for close to 3 million people. Whether you go to Pakistan, we're 12 million households, that's 18 million people are receiving cash transfers right now. These are things that are being put in place literally in the matter of weeks and speak also to the extraordinary opportunity of the digital revolution. It is literally fast forwarded into many economies and societies overnight and UNDP is very much trying to help with its digital finance offer how to set up the systems with the telecom communication companies, national government, international financing. But we're also providing tracking system support in order to allow countries to identify how is the virus spreading. We're also looking at ways in which the continuity of government itself can be assured. For instance, providing zoom licenses to parliament so can approve the budgets, the emergency budgets because they could not convene. Health and the set up situation drones in government to allow them to communicate with their provincial and local government authorities because communications essentially were impossible. And these are the kinds of immediate measures we're taking. But then when you look forward, what we're also trying to look at is, for instance, opportunities. Take Africa, 600 million people today do not have access to electricity. What an extraordinary opportunity taking renewable energy, solar, wind, geothermal, off-grid as they call it and on grid and putting place a massive investment program to establish access to electricity. Electricity is one of the main drivers in terms of technology and power for development. If it could come out of this crisis and connect perhaps 300 million citizens of the African continent to access to electricity with clean power, we would stimulate the economy, create jobs in the rural economy with a poorest heart, help Africa move on to a low carbon energy and development path and at the same time have shovel ready projects because this is in every crisis what people look for, what can we do immediately to get the economy going again. And I could give you many other examples like this, but this is just an illustration in one particular area that combines immediate need. It combines economic stimulus, but also a longer time view of a transition towards a greener economy, which is really where we need to head after this crisis. So first of all, preview everyone out there. We're going to go to your questions in a second. There'll be another chance later on to ask questions. So be sending your questions to Bruno. I came a little later. I want to ask about, obviously the moment we're in with coronavirus is now cast against a moment where we are having a conversation in the United States and globally about racial injustice and inequality. And that obviously maps onto the global conversation about development and the roots of underdevelopment if you will. But before we go to that, a little later, I want to ask, before coronavirus happened, you and I were having conversations about capitalism and markets and whether part of the inherent nature of underdevelopment or lack of opportunity and inequality in various parts of the world was a product not only of history, but also of the current market system and its failures. Has the coronavirus moment changed your thinking on that or vis-à-vis the climate change in these other dynamics of where the systems and assumptions were operating under seem to be kind of systemically failing communities? So in this way, sadly, in different countries, different political choices, systems, ideologies have shaped the development choices that countries have made. Now we have lived through the last 30 to 40 years in a kind of debate between, is the state the solution to underdevelopment, to inequality, to poverty or is it the market, is it dynamic entrepreneurs, is it investments coming from the financial system? I think whether you believe in Milton Friedman or John Minor Keynes to key economies to stand for this kind of economic theory or what is the role of the state. Frankly speaking, I think at this moment in time, there is a deep debate first of all, how much do we believe in the state institutions as a vehicle to serve the public good? And I think we see in countries rich and poor a great deal of disenchantment. Remember, the period leading up to COVID-19 in the last two to three years, so massive protests were politic essentially stepped into the street, Hong Kong, Paris, Santiago de Chile, just to mention a few examples. The confidence in our political system and leadership to deliver the kinds of outcomes, economic, societal clearly was being contested. And I think the debate right now is not so much about a state going to fix everything, is the market going to fix everything clearly, neither in its extreme has been the answer. And I think it brings us to a core subject which is governance. Our state institutions essentially are institutions that we, as individuals, as voters, as taxpayers, empower to do things on our behalf. And I think where we're going to see a significant shift is, first of all, in recognizing that actually our state institutions matter, the notion that the less state, the more market, the better the outcome simply is not going to work in a crisis such as COVID-19. In fact, we have this interesting phenomenon right now where everybody says, can they get more private sector investment to deliver public goods? The reality right now is that taxpayers money has to be used to stabilize many companies from going bankrupt. So the stake, the public stake in the private economy is actually growing ironically. But that's not really the solution. I think we need to find ways in which, through our economic policies, first of all, the things that matter to us in society are given the priority that they deserve. And this is what people are looking for. We believe in our future. We believe in our society, it's our community, because we see something that is worth living for, worth working for, worth striving for. And I think inequality and sustainability have emerged as the two litmus tests right now that governments, first of all, have to perform against. And secondly, I think the market, whether it's the financial system, the $300 trillion wealth around the world, whether it is the corporations or whether it is a small medium-scale enterprise, is how can they be part of delivering that better future as opposed to being a separate economic system, which is sometimes how it is debated? And that's why I think in the United Nations, we have a great deal of debate right now. How do we mobilize the kinds of, first of all, response measures that can help to protect people, the most vulnerable from being essentially bankrupted or left with nothing to eat, which is literally the scenario. At the same time, how do we invest in an economy that has to restart, but has to restart on a different trajectory? And I think here, fiscal policy, subsidy, sector policies will impart the term in whether we go back to where we were before, which clearly already have problems, or whether we leap from ahead. And digital technology is just one example. Clean energy opportunities is another. And for instance, the idea that we could, in a matter of three to four years, connect all schools on the African continent to the internet, and therefore avoid what has happened right now, which is that the vast majority of school children Africa have literally deprived of their entire access to education, which is one reason why the human development index is literally in freefall right now for the first time in 30 years. I'm going to turn it over to Bruno for some questions from the TED community. Yes, yes, and we do have a few questions I'm going to ask maybe two or three. The first one is from Sonar Lutheran, which actually relates back to what we just said about inequality, but another side and altercation. The question is, over half the world population lacks access to water sanitation, which includes, for example, the hand washing facility needed to contain the spread of COVID. Beyond public health, are there any new efforts underway on the score new to address the needs for essential hygiene? They are urgently needed and quite rightly, there is a realization right now that, for instance, the pandemic says, you know, wash your hands for hundreds of millions of people as our listener is also saying, there is actually no access to water that you can simply wash your hands, and it's fascinating. A young Kenyan boy just got an award from the president of Kenya, because he devised a simple contraption that would allow you to use very precious water without having to touch the watering can, developing a little foot device that you could use. People are improvising and I think we need to learn more from how poor people actually find solutions to their problems. It's one reason why in UNDP, we established a year and a half ago, 60s, so-called accelerator labs, which are very much focused on trying to understand how are people within a country trying to solve those problems, how do we then bring scalable opportunities, technology into that as well, and hopefully the issue of access to clean water, which is really an indictment on our economic development path. I mean, in the year 2020, we should not believe in a world where 7 to 800 million people actually still go hungry, where one third of the food we produce is actually lost. It's wasted between farm and market and is wasted in the way we consume food, and these are the kinds of irrationalities that I think the economic pathway that we have chosen has for too long overlooked that too many people are being left behind and left out of our economy. And I think that is one thing that will change the conversation about the future and access to water, clean water is one very stark illustration, but there are many others in our current economic reality. So another question comes from Anna Tunkel, and it's about who is supposed to be working on that. She asked, Hascovy changed the way UNDP or UN institutions in general are looking at public private partnerships for the recovery in the shorter term and also over the long term. Well, first of all, operationally, let me tell you that as UNDP we're also the United Nations, we are at the moment collaborating with a number of companies, whether it is for example maintaining air bridges to transport protective equipment, medicines and supplies to many countries that essentially have nothing to turn to in terms of the existing infrastructure. Airports are closed, airlines are basically stopped flying. So that is a critical part of working also with the private sector, secondly telecommunications companies. In many countries, first of all getting information out to citizens involved as reaching partnerships with telecommunication companies, the communications sector as such. And then we're looking particularly at the digital solutions also because for instance tracking and tracing, entire new apps and systems are being mobilized right now at the technology, the intellectual property if you want, rests in the hands of private companies, but the license to operate something is in a transparent and also let's say respectful of privacy and human rights aspects is in the hand of government. So bringing them together is very much part of it, but then also reaching out to the financial sector. That we need to address together with the banks and financial system an extraordinary challenge over the coming months, which is a mounting debt in many developing countries that unless we manage this together and a lot of this debt is actually held by the private sector. It is not public debt as they call it traditionally, and therefore we need to work with the private sector. But let me give you one more fascinating example, the insurance sector. In Africa, we could literally over the next three to four years working with the insurance sector, which is a sector in our economy that has optimized the use of artificial intelligence, delivering insurance products that are able to manage risks and assess risks, health insurance to 400 million people because in many parts of the development of people have no national health service, they have no health insurance. As a poor person, you will spend your last money that you have on the sickness of your child or of your parent. Can we bring micro health insurance into these economies where governments and the insurance sector work together and we could literally, we estimate, bring 400 million people into a minimum health insurance system that would reduce the extraordinary inequality that we have just seen manifest itself in this COVID-19 crisis. So yes, there is a enormous opportunity, but it requires two things. One, for the state, the government institutions to recognize what is the economic policy that will attract the private sector into delivering also public good outcomes. And secondly, I think leaders in the private sector, CEOs in particular, I think need to step forward. And we have seen more and more of that in recent years to embrace their responsibility to shape outcomes that define the future of our economies and societies. It is not the state regulates all the problems and the private sector is essentially best off if it can just focus on its own shareholders or entrepreneurial success. We need both. And that is why this is, I think, another critical change that we will see over the next few weeks and months, that public and private sector will forge alliances. We need generational projects that require both. And I think that may be one of the transformative advances we'll see. Let me ask one last question. Which would require a full interview? Maybe we can just give the headline, the headline answer. And it comes from from Frank Hennessey. Do you think that a collective response to climate change is more achievable now as a result of the global experience of the pandemic? That's a tough question to answer right now. I think in many respects, the obvious answer is probably not because with all the economic fallout, with all the crisis, and let's also acknowledge the kind of geopolitical tensions, the prospect for addressing climate change collectively has probably run into a momentary challenge, which is, first of all, the ability to focus on it. And secondly, also the willingness of the international community to work together despite different interests. I think, however, what we may see is that it is the public who's through COVID-19 may have discovered what it means to not listen to science. The ability to end that inaction on climate change right now will not create just temporary problems that will pass. Once you pass a certain level of warming in our atmosphere, you are locked in for hundreds of years with all the consequences. So I do believe in fact that over the next year or two, we will see an accelerated commitment to addressing climate change challenges. And the first test will already be in the year 2021 when that conference of the parties, the climate change convention comes together again. And countries have to submit their revised national climate strategies. This is an obligation they signed up to, and they're supposed to come with a higher level of ambition. This will be the moment of truth. And I think it will be the litmus test on whether out of this crisis, we may actually see an accelerated transition towards a low carbon economy. It's also a green U&DP that, therefore, made one of the four main areas in which to work with governments and with the public and the private sector right now, accelerating the transition towards a greenery economy is one way to recover out of this crisis. Okay, thank you. Really backly to for more questions. Sally back to you. Yeah, keep those great questions coming. Yeah, I'll just took three of mine. I came, I alluded to this before, it feels impossible to have this conversation in this moment. And not talk about the global movements around conversations around racism, structural racism, racial injustice. And in particular, in the, I would like to hear your thoughts in the context of development because I mentioned earlier, you're the son of German farmers, you grew up in Brazil, a country that obviously has a complex history around race and the legacy of slavery and white immigration, etc. And you work in development, which is a field that on the one hand, right, the global inequalities are a product of imperialism and colonialism. And on the other hand, often, you know, global development is accused of proceeding in a semi sort of neo imperialist kind of way, a sort of north-nose best, if you will. I'm curious how you think about this global conversation around equity and racial and ethnic equity in particular in this moment. So it's, it's, it's a difficult topic to discuss in a generic level. And yet in another sense, it is a condition that in virtually every society is present. So let me move from the abstract, first of all, to the very real and very personal. I live in New York City right now. I am witness to, because it happens in my neighborhood, to the protests that are happening in the United States. And I think in large part, they are an expression of frustration and desperation, but also in many respects, one of aspiration. I think the fact that these protests and these marches full of people from all kinds of backgrounds, first of all, speak to something that I think so many of us at the moment were worried about, have he lost the sense of solidarity? And I would actually argue, yes, there are those who will lock themselves up. Those will look at their neighbors as a threat, but actually in reality, here in New York, I have seen extraordinary solidarity, volunteers coming forward, people helping their neighbors to organize, shopping, looking after the elderly. And right now in these protests, we also see a sense of deep anger, but also a impatience with doing something about a situation that has in this context been particularly associated with racism. Sometimes in other countries, it can be ethnicity, it can be religion, it can be gender, discrimination, and the configuration of inequality with prejudice and with economic power is something that runs right through the whole development discourse, like a red thread, and UNDP, or the Office of the High Commissioner on Human Rights, or my colleagues in UNICEF, or UN Women, every day across the world, we are confronted with this, whether it is gender-based violence, whether it is the attack on ethnic minorities. We are dealing with, yes, bigotry, with history, but also with choices that are being made today that simply are not acceptable, and I'm not supported by the majority of society. So what is it that we can do to change that? And I think the first thing is to accept that it is a responsibility of everyone. Secondly, that it is not just government that can legislate this out of existence, it begins in our communities, in our local government, in our schools, in our families, and I think that is where you build up an ethic that recognizes racism for what it is. It is racism. It is saying that just because you are of another color, you somehow have fundamentally different rights, obligations, and opportunities. And in the development context, we often measure this within equality in terms of access to education, inequality in terms of access to the Internet. The Human Development Report of UNDP in 2019 chose inequality very much as a focus, and interesting enough, we have still the underlying inequalities of the past, and on top of that, we identified two more that will amplify inequality if you don't deal with them. One is access to the Internet, because in least developed poorest countries, only 20% people would have access to the Internet, in rich countries, 80% have. In the future of our economies, that creates a lock-in of structural inequality and disadvantages opportunities that were gone for a generational tool. And secondly, climate change, which deals with vulnerability. If you're poor, you cannot protect yourself in the same way that a rich person can. And I think these are the kinds of issues that define development in the 21st century. It is not anymore for most of us whether we may have access to infrastructure or to services. It is that inequality that will ultimately tear us apart as societies. And that is what we began to witness in recent years, because people all over the world were expressing their frustration, and a lot of that was rooted in inequality, inequality related to race, and to many other aspects in which those who, let's say, have been the winners of a certain era in economic policy have simply taken for granted. And that is an important discussion to have, but it starts literally in our neighborhoods and goes all the way to a global phenomenon where we still have many developing countries where, as I said earlier on, such as on the African continent, 600 million people don't even have access to electricity, nor to clean water. These are things that simply should not be reality anymore in the 21st century. And they are unnecessary and unjustified. Okay, but I mean, yes, I agree with that. Obviously, I want to feel hopeful that this moment is a you know, that the winds are changing, that there is some kind of reckoning that all of these crises and realities have forced us to, and that we may have a heightened moment, as you said, of solidarity, of you know, an increase in globalism, a real actual sense that we all are in this together, even though we're not all in the same boat. And at the same time, I don't know, I'm not only going to speak for myself, I worry that we're, that this moment is going to lead to an amplification, a ramping up of the kind of nationalism, the exclusionary, the sort of the winners praying on the losers or dismissing the losers and dismissive nature of everything you just talked about. And I'm not the only one, right, who see that there were at this kind of turning point, we could go one way or the other. What makes you think? What gives you hope that we're going to turn toward an era where we actually care more, try to care for people next door, like we care for ourselves, try to keep, care for people halfway around the world, like we care for ourselves in really advance a real mission of equality and solving inequity. Sally, in one sense, because the human story is actually one of getting over some of these issues. It is a constant struggle. But let me give you a couple of illustrations why, you know, I for one, believe very much in the prospect of the future being a possibility and opportunity that we can shape. You know, only two to three hundred years ago, nine out of ten people live on this planet, live in extreme poverty. Today in the year 2020, it is the reverse. One out of ten lives in extreme poverty. And we've added on another six and a half billion people. So just from the point of view of eradicating extreme poverty and this is something that has happened over three hundred years. But in many developing countries, there has been extraordinary progress also in training, education, in creating economic opportunities. So on that trajectory, the story viewed in a longer term actually is not a story of failure. It is a story of success in perfect success. But secondly, let us also look at the possibilities that we have in terms of shaping what is an increasingly interdependent world. 1945, on the ashes of the second world war, the idea of setting up a united nation. It was, you know, in some ways an aspirational dream then and it remains one today. But I think the fact that 75 years later, we live in a world that first will as far more interdependent and whether it is a pandemic, where that is extreme poverty, extremism, cybercrime, climate change, just to mention a few of the key issues that will define our own well-being, the outcomes for our own nations, actually have led us to work together. And despite what people often say, oh, multilateral is missing crisis, is this falling apart? No, it's not. Yes, it is facing stress points. It has to reinvent itself and above all, people have to believe in the need to work with one another, despite having differences. Multilatism is not about one happy family. The United Nations exist precisely because nations are divided, but we want to find a better way to sit with each other and find solutions rather than go to war with one another. We learned so many bitter lessons in history. And that is why I would argue very strongly that in looking to the future, the first thing after a minor service, we make choices, we are human beings and the choices we make will define the future that we will live in. And I think that is where we have an extraordinary opportunity to not be naive, but certainly to be optimistic because history actually has shown us time and again that it is doable. I can refer to people such as Mahatma Gandhi, Nelson Mandela, I can refer also to many others who never saw the success because they were killed in the process of struggling for a better world. The story carries both elements in it, but I think ultimately the human condition is one of hope, it is one of aspiration, and it is one also of values that actually bring us together despite sometimes politics trying to divide us so brutally. I think we have some more questions from Bruno. Yeah, a couple of questions from the audience. David Collins is asking, what is the effect that you have seen in developing countries of COVID-19 in terms of specifically safety and fear? And what should the response of governments be to get into spheres? First of all, information. I think the worst thing that can happen in a crisis such as this pandemic is misinformation that may be rooted either in ignorance or in bigotry, and both have been very visible. In fact, we as UNDP, but also the High Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary General himself, have repeatedly called and we are in fact engaged in well over 100 countries in assisting government to combat misinformation, first of all, secondly, to allow people to understand what it is that they can do, where they can seek assistance. And I think these are three steps that obviously help in first of all creating more empowered citizens because in many countries, the government is just not able to take care of you. So what can you do to improve the situation that you and your family face? Secondly, I think it is critically important that we recognize the vital role that digital technologies and platforms can play in this moment. We are seeing compressed summons into a few weeks, leapfroading into an era of using digital platforms, information, connectivity, broadband, that we, you know, maybe would have expected to have known the next five or 10 years. And ultimately, I think leaders, leaders in our community and our society plan extremely critical role, especially when trusting government institutions is at the moment not at its highest level. So religious leaders, leaders in the business community, our mayors, teachers, people who have the respect in our community are an integral part of helping to combat an infidemic that very often is not helping, but is essentially creating suspicion and tension. And so investing in our collective ability but also for government to lead on this in terms of the kind of infrastructure it makes available here is critically important because that is what maintains cohesion and unity in our response. There is another question which actually has to do with corporations. So you mentioned before, it has to upon the point that the world is not really cooperating to the level it used to, but the pandemic has brought together certain level of cooperation. So the question is, does out of talk about the state of globalisation and global cooperation, are you encouraged or discouraged by what you have seen in response to the pandemic? I think the honest answer has to be I'm concerned and I'm worried because I see too many voices right now questioning the very foundation of our ability to come out of this COVID-19 crisis. You know the World Health Organization very much in the centre of attention of international debate right now. I think people sometimes forget that the World Health Organization is not a World Health Police Organization. It is an association of member states in which it has been given functions and responsibilities, but the fact is it requires everybody to cooperate. Now, you know, there are debates about did it respond quickly enough? Did it have all the information? How does it treat different member states? The fact of the matter is that in the midst of a unprecedented crisis, our colleagues in the World Health Organization have been working 24-7 to help the world understand what is this virus? How can we respond to it? And also helping countries very practically with a rapid response plan on how to deal with it? So that is one example, I think, in which that notion of working together is yes, under stress. And if we attack the very institutions that are neither perfect nor are they fully empowered like a world government to simply tell us, or tell member states what to do, which was never the intention, is part of the reality. But let's also look at other examples. The IMF, after the financial crisis, instruments were changed. The IMF has been able to respond very quickly overnight with rapid access to finance, the governments to be able to put these cash transfer schemes in place that will now help people to stay alive. The global alliance for vaccines, Garvey, just had a replenishment meeting. It actually exceeded its target. It got $8 billion in pledges in order to promote vaccination and to be part of a global effort to eradicate diseases. So there are good examples where the world is actually despite its frustration and its concerns and perhaps fear actually coming together and working together and I think we should be careful not to over exaggerate perhaps this moment in time when people are critical and justifiably are also entitled to ask critical questions. But the number of countries work it, walking away from a joint response, a collective response, is actually less than you can count on the fingers of one hand. So there are 193 member states in the United Nations. Let's keep some perspective, let's keep calm, let's keep our nerves, not to be complacent. But we're not falling apart. We're just having a really tough time staying together under very trying conditions. Sorry to ask about the first question for you. Yeah, I came, I just have one more question, which is to that point, you've made I think a pretty compelling case that the world isn't falling apart and that maybe global institutions aren't falling apart. But you I've also heard you talk about that maybe it could be that nation states are in some way, it's certain nation states are in a way falling apart and that instead of this narrative of oh well global nations are handling the pandemic well and you know the global South isn't that there's actually a more complex narrative there about the kind of nationalistic populism sort of us versus them divisions cutting against the solutions in this moment and effective leadership in this moment. Can you can you elaborate on that? Well Sally leadership is one of those things that we all talk about and yet it's somehow so difficult to measure what makes a leader trusted what makes a leader effective. I think even the COVID-19 response has shown that some countries had great leadership but basically struggled to get the pandemic under control in other countries there was where wise leadership and a very different outcome was actually observed. I mean the anonymous to one of the countries to this day that has hardly any cases of COVID-19 we see other countries recovering very quickly. I think leadership is something that ultimately speaks to two things one you have to be trusted because then people will follow your advice and secondly leadership is not something that you claim you earn it and you are able to then deploy it. Let me be very clear I'm not at all naive about the very critical moment we face I'm watching with great concern the political tensions the social tensions and I think they will get worse because let's be clear the worst of the economic fallout is an essential to come in parts of the world where it hasn't yet arrived and in parts of the world where it will translate into you know bankruptcies millions of jobs being lost you can't just rebuild the business that you spent 10 years you know it's your garage or your corner shop that you had to just start again as if nothing had happened so clearly we are heading for some very difficult territory but I think at the end of the day it is that sense of fairness that will allow leaders to provide the kind of leadership that we're looking for which is to bring societies together and also to bring nations together let me be very clear we have a health crisis that's called COVID-19 it's a pandemic ultimately nobody is safe until everybody is safe so the vaccine that we're now all talking about will become a litmus test for the world on whether this is a people's vaccine as the secretary of the United Nations that's called for or whether it becomes the next frontier or which the world will literally fall apart in terms of trying to secure access for its people this is a real moment of truth and I think much of what will happen next we will be able to see in that debate over how the vaccine when it becomes available if it becomes available is distributed among nations but also within nations who do we vaccinate first the people in the hospitals who work there the doctors the nurses is it the elderly is it the children these are some terrible dilemmas that need to be debated and need to be resolved in a fair and transparent way and they go to the cold values of who we are