 Hello everyone, I'm Al Gore, founder and chairman of the Climate Reality Project. This extraordinary moment of great challenge and great loss is obviously also a moment of great awakening and a great opportunity. The global pandemic, structural and institutional racism with its horrific violence, the worsening impacts of the climate crisis, all of these have accelerated the emergence of a new and widespread collective understanding of our connection to the natural world, the consequences of ignoring science and our sacred obligation to build a just society for all. The Climate Reality Project trains thousands of climate leaders around the world in all 195 nations to advocate for a future humanity deserves. We're about to hear from four very different people who've gone through this week long training and hear how they've been inspired to act. I want to let them speak for themselves, beginning with Himinna Loria. Himinna is working in Central America to influence public policy and develop young leaders. She has given presentations on climate to thousands of people and has now created her own NGO. My name is Himinna Loria and from Costa Rica and I attended that 2016 training in Houston, Texas. After the training, my life changed completely. I found an NGO called The Mishado Dalles. My job has been focused on four main important topics. People's organization and climate change, supporting the big core of movement, incidents in public policy and development of young leaders in environmental matters. I'm proud of having more than 150 presentations on the climate crisis and solutions reaching personally more than 7,500 people. And I am also proud of being part of the Costa Rica delegation to cut 25th in Spain last December. Nana Furman, born in Indonesia, is a climate advocate extraordinaire and calls herself a daughter of the rainforest. Nana is the Muslim coordinator for Greenface and co-founder of the Global Muslim Climate Network. My name is Nana Furman and I am a climate reality leader. In my life journey, I realized that our behavior and consumption habits have contributed in environmental degradation and have resulted in global warming. However, I believe that people close spiritually to a strong relationship with the Earth, being born in the rainforest region of Sumatra, I believe in the power of our forests as the natural solution to our climate crisis by giving indigenous peoples and traditional communities more rights to protect and manage the forests where they live. Now more than ever, it is time for us to put climate justice at the forefront and center of our struggles. In the Kaduna region of Northern Nigeria, they call Gloria Kasangbulas the queen of the climate crisis. Gloria has also founded a Kaduna-based NGO that is focused on education, empowerment and climate. My name is Gloria Kasangbul. I came across a climate reality training and applied for it in 2017 and that helped me to be able to build my capacity afterwards and then it's been done by a professional climate action. I'm really very proud of some of my achievements and one of my achievements is reaching out to children. Another achievement I'm proud of is making the media together to talk about climate change and have quite a few discussions of climate change. Some walks that I have done around climate change, there really really makes me proud of community, climate reality and speed up and it climate factors. Tim Guinea is a firefighter in New York and is also the chairperson of the Climate Reality Project's Hudson Valley Cat Skills chapter. He and his chapter have secured commitments from over 100 businesses, schools and cities to adopt 100% renewable energy. My name is Tim Guinea. I'm a proud member of the Climate Reality Project. On September 10th, 2001, that night I went on a ride along with my friend Captain Patty Brown, who was the most decorated firefighter in the history of New York City firefighting and the incredible crew of truck three. And around 6.37 in the morning I went home and a little while later they got the call and responded to the World Trade Center and they went up to stairs and none of them ever came back. Now I don't know if they had known what was going to happen whether they would have done it or not. That's all speculative, but what I do know is they stepped forward into their destiny. I think the climate crisis has some things in common with that moment. None of us would have asked for the climate crisis to have been put on our doorstep, but it is. It's here. This is our historical reality. And we have a choice to make. Our destiny is to decide whether we're going to respond to the climate crisis or whether we're going to pretend that it's not happening, deny it. I think this is our moment of destiny. And I hope you'll decide to take part, to fight against the climate crisis because we need you. Four people, four stories of success and change. Immediately after this countdown event, 24 hours of reality will begin around the world. At 4pm Eastern Standard Time in the US, featuring thousands of presentations from climate leaders just like the ones you've just seen. Use your voice. Find your power. Find your passion. Let this extraordinary moment pass together we can ensure that this will mark the beginning of a healthy, just and sustainable future for all.