 What I'm going to do is I'm going to explain to you an extreme green concept that was developed at NASA's Grand Research Center in Cleveland, Ohio. But before I do that, we have to go over a definition of what green is because a lot of us have a different definition of it. Green, the product is created through environmentally and socially conscious means. There's plenty of things that are being called green now. What does it actually mean? We use three metrics to determine green. The first metric is, is it sustainable? Which means, are you preserving what you're doing for future use or for future generations? Is it alternative? Is it different than what's being used today or does it have a lower carbon footprint than what's used conventionally? Is it renewable? Does it come from earth-natural replenishing resources such as sun, wind, and water? Now my task at NASA is to develop the next generation of aviation fuels. Extreme green. Why aviation? The field of aviation uses more fuel than just by every other combined. You need to find an alternative. Also it's a national aeronautics directive. One of the national aeronautics goals is to develop the next generation of fuels, biofuels, using domestic and safe friendly resources. Now combating that challenge, we had to also meet the big three metrics. Actually, this is extreme green for us, it's all three together. That's why you see the plus day, I was told to say that. So it has to be the big three at GRC. That's another metric. 97% of the world's water is saltwater. How about we use that? Combine that with number three. Do not use arable land. Because crops are already growing on that land, that's very scarce around the world. Number two, don't compete with food crops. That's already a well-established entity. They don't need another entry. And lastly, the most precious resource we have on this earth is fresh water. Don't use fresh water. If 97.5% of the world's water is saltwater, 2.5% is fresh water, less than 1.5% of that is accessible for human use, but 60% of the population lives within that 1%. So combating my problem was, now I have to be extreme green and meet the big three. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Green Lab Research Facility. This is facility dedicated to the next generation of aviation fuels using halophytes. A halophyte is a salt tolerating plant. Most plants don't like salt, but halophytes tolerate salt. We also are using weeds, and we're also using algae. The good thing about our lab is we've had 3600 visitors in the last two years. Why do you think that's so? Because we are on to something special. So in the lower, you'll see the Green Lab, obviously. In on the right-hand side, you'll see algae. If you are into the business of the next generation of aviation fuels, algae is a viable option. There's a lot of funding right now. And we have algae to fuel program. There's two types of algae grown. One is a closed photo bioreactor that you see here, and what you see on the other side is our species. We're currently using a species called synodesmous dimorphus. Our job at NASA is to take the experimental and computational and make a better mixing for the closed photo bioreactors. Now the problem with closed photo bioreactors are they're quite expensive. They're automated. And it's very difficult to get them in large scale. So in large scale, what do they use? We use open pond systems. Now around the world, they're growing algae with these racetrack designs that you see here. Looks like an oval with a paddle wheel. It mixes really well. But when it gets around the last turn, which I call turn four, it's stagnant. We actually have a solution for that. In the green lab in our open pond system, we use something that happens in nature. Waves. We actually use wave technology in our open pond systems. We have 95% mixing, and our lipid content is higher than a closed photo bioreactor system, which we think is significant. There is a drawback to algae, however, it's very expensive. Is there a way to produce algae inexpensively, and answer is yes. We do the same thing we do with halophytes, and that is climatic adaptation. In our green lab, we have six primary ecosystems that range from freshwater all the way to saltwater. What we do, we take a potential species, we start at freshwater, we add a little bit more salt, and the second tank here will be the same ecosystem as Brazil, right next to the sugar cane fields you can have our plants. The next tank represents Africa, the next tank represents Arizona, the next tank represents Florida, and the next tank represents California, or the open ocean. What we're trying to do is to come up with a single species that could survive anywhere in the world with this barren desert. We're being very successful so far. Now here's one of the problems. If you are a farmer, you need five things to be successful. You need seeds, you need soil, you need water, and you need sun. And the last thing that you need is fertilizer. Most people use chemical fertilizers, well guess what? We do not use chemical fertilizer. Wait a second, I just saw lots of greenery in your green lab. You have to use fertilizer. Believe it or not, in our analysis of our saltwater ecosystems, 80% of what we need are in this tank themselves. The 20% that's missing is nitrogen and phosphorus. We have a natural solution. Fish. No, we don't cut up the fish and put them in there. Fish waste is what we use. As a matter of fact, we use freshwater mollies that we've used our climatic adaptation technique from freshwater all the way to sea water. Freshwater mollies, cheap. They loved to make babies. And they loved to go to the bathroom. And the more they go to the bathroom, the more fertilizer we get. The better off we are, believe it or not. It should be noted that we use sand as our soil, regular beach sand. That's coral. All right. So a lot of people ask me, how did you get started? Well, we got started in what we call the indoor biofuze lab. It's a seedling lab. We had 26 different species of halophytes and five are winners. What we do here is we actually, it should be called a death lab because we try to kill a seedlings and make them rough. And then we come out to the green. What you see in the lower corner is a wastewater treatment plan experiment that we are growing a macro algae that I'll talk about in a minute. And lastly, it's me actually working in a lab to prove to you I do work. I don't just talk about what I do. All right. Here's a plant species. Salocone vigenica. It's a wonderful plant. I love that plant. Everywhere we go, we see it. It's all over the place. From Maine all the way to California. We love that plant. Second is Salocone and Baglow Vi. Very difficult to get around the world. It is the highest lipid content that we have, but it has a short coming. It's short. Now you take European, which is the largest or the tallest plant that we have, and what we're trying to do with natural selection or adaptive biology, combine all three to make a high growth, high lipid plant. Next, when the hurricane's decimating the Delaware Bay, soybean fields gone. You came up with an idea. Can you have a plant that has a land reclamation positive, and Delaware? An answer is yes. It's called C-short mylo. Cuts galutsky over dynica. Say that five times if you can't. This is a 100% usable plant. The seeds biofuels. The rest, catrophied. It's there for 10 years. It's working very well. Now we get to Ketamorphah. This is a macro algae that loves excess nutrients. If you're in the crime industry, you know we use it to clean up dirty tanks. This species is so significant to us. The properties are very close to plastic. We're trying right now to convert this macro algae into a bioplastic. If we are successful, we will revolutionize the plastics industry. So we have a C-tapheal program. We have to do something with this biomass that we have. And so we do GC extraction, lipid optimizations, so on and so forth. Because our goal really is to come up with a next generation of aviation fuses, aviation is specific, so on and so forth. So far we've talked about water and fuel. But along the way, we found out something interesting about salicornia. It's a food product. So we talk about ideas worth spreading, right? How about this? In Sub-Saharan Africa, next to the sea, salt water, barren desert, how about we take that plant, planet, half use for food, half use for fuel? We can make that happen inexpensively. You can see there's a greenhouse in Germany that sells it as a health food product. This is harvested in the middle here is a shrimp dish and this is being pickled, so I have to tell you a joke. Salicorn is known as sea beans, salt water, asparagus, and pickle weed. So we're pickling pickle weed in the middle. Oh, I thought it was funny. And the bottom is Siemens mustard. It does make sense. This is a logical snack. You have mustard, you're a Siemens, you see a halophyte, you mix it together, it's a great snack with some crackers. All right? And last, garlic with salicornia, which is what I like. All right? So, water, fuel, and food. None of this is possible without the green lab team. Just like the Miami Heat has the big three, we have the big three at NASA GRC. That's myself, Professor Bob Hendrix, who's our fearless leader, and Dr. Arnon Chate. The backbone of the green lab is students. Over the last two years we've had 35 different students from around the world working the green lab. As a matter of fact, my division chief says a lot, you have a green university. I was like, I'm okay with that because we're nurturing a next generation of extreme green thinkers, which is significant. So, in first summary, I presented to you what we think is a global solution for food, fuel, and water. There's something missing to be complete. Clearly, we use electricity. We have a solution for you. We're using clean energy sources here. So we have two wind turbines connected to the green lab. We have four or five more hopefully coming soon. We're also using something that's quite interesting. There is a solar ray field at NASA's Glenn Research Center. Hasn't been used for 15 years. Along with some of my electrical engineering colleagues, we realize that they're still viable. So we're refurbishing them right now, and about 30 days or so will be connected to the green lab. And the reason why you see red, red, and yellow, there's a lot of people think NASA employees don't work on Saturday. This is a picture taken on Saturday. There are no cars around, but you see my truck in yellow. It's how I work on Saturday. This is approved to you that I'm working on. Because we do what it takes to get the job done. Most people know that. Here's a concept with this. We're using the green lab for a microgrid test bed for the smart grid concept in Ohio. We have the ability to do that, and I think it's going to work. So Green Lab Research Facility, a self-sustainable renewable energy ecosystem was presented today. We really, really hope this concept catches on worldwide. We think we have a solution for food, water, fuel, and now energy. Complete. It's extreme green. It's sustainable, alternative, and renewable. And it meets the big three at GRC. Don't use arable land. Don't compete with food crops. And most of all, don't use fresh water. So I get a lot of questions about what are you doing in that lab? And I was usually saying none of your business. That's what I'm doing in the lab. And believe it or not, my number one goal for working on this project is I want to help save the world.