 I actually come from Britain, but I've been living in Maldives for 26 years now, so that's home really. The Maldives, as I'm sure you're aware, are a chain of islands off the southwest coast of India here, the capital Marley, where I live. Actually, sitting here today in Mysore, we're closer to Marley than we are to Delhi, for example. If you're in IT, India, obviously, is the place to be at the moment, but if you're a Marine Barrel, this Maldives is not such a bad place to be, and it has been my home these years. For those of you who've been there, fantastic coral reefs, fantastic diving, fantastic snorkeling, I spend as much as my time as possible investigating the marine life, I study fish. Also the bigger things, whales and dolphins, this is a blue whale. We have blue whales in the waters around here, of Maldives. Around the waters of India, you can see them off Kerala. In fact, we're very lucky in this region. One of the best places in the world to see blue whales is here in this region, in Sri Lanka. If you go down to the South Coastage for Lanka during the northeast monsoon season, you can see blue whales very, very easily. It's probably the best place in the world to see them. Now, when I talk about the northeast monsoon season, I'm sure many of you here know exactly what I mean, but perhaps some of you are not quite so sure, and I need to explain a little bit about monsoons. Now, monsoon, the root of the word monsoon, comes from the word season. So, it's just a season. There are two seasons in most of South Asia, and in the summer, India heats up, gets very hot, hot air rises, and air is drawn in off the sea to replace it. And the wet works as it comes from the southwest, it comes off the ocean here and is drawn up towards India. So, it comes from the southwest. It's the southwest monsoon. Picks up moisture as it crosses the ocean, and that's what brings the monsoon rain. And then, in the winter, things cool down, high pressure builds over India, and the whole system goes into reverse. And so, the wind is now coming from the northeast, out of India, across the Indian Ocean, this way towards Africa. Keep that in mind. Now, I'm a marineologist, but I'm actually a bit of an old fashioned naturalist, I suppose. I'm interested in all sorts of things, almost everything that moves, including dragonflies. And I'm actually going to talk this afternoon about dragonflies. This is a rather beautiful species. It's called the Oriental Scarlet. And one thing you need to know about dragonflies, one important thing, is that they lay their eggs in fresh water. They need fresh water to breed. They lay the eggs into fresh water. They do larvae hatch out in fresh water. They feed on other little things. They feed on mosquito larvae. So they're very important. They control mosquito larvae, among other things. And they grow and grow by stages, and then they climb out of the water and burst out as the adult, which we see. And typically, there's a lot of variation, but if you have a dragonfly, we say, a one-year life cycle, which is quite typical. The larva living in the fresh water lives for 10 or 11 months. And then the adult, which comes off, lives for one or two months. OK, so it's essentially a fresh water animal. It really does need fresh water. Now, this particular species of dragonfly I want to talk about is this one, because most dragonflies, like the one we just seen, when the adult is there for its three, four and a two months of life, it doesn't go very far. It can't travel very far. A few kilometers maybe is quite typical. They're very good flyers, but they don't go too far. But this guy is an exception. And this is called the Globe Schimmer, or Wandering Glider. And as the name might suggest, it is found pretty much around the world. It lives throughout the tropics, the Americas, Africa, Asia, Australia, into the Pacific. And it wanders far and wide. We know that much about it. But it really hasn't been studied very much. It's a rather mediocre looking dragonfly. If you're going to study dragonflies, you want to study those really bright, beautiful ones, like the red one, or the really rare ones, the endemic, endangered ones. This is a, it seems a bit dull, you know? It's a bit sort of dull colored. And it's fairly common, you know, and it curves everywhere, and you know, wide bother. But if you take that attitude, you're actually missing something rather special, because this dragonfly has a rather amazing story to tell. And I feel very privileged to have really stumbled across it, living in the Maldives. When I first went to the Maldives, dead keen on diving, spent as much of my time as I could in and under the water. Didn't notice any dragonflies. Maybe they weren't. Didn't notice them. But after some time, after some months, one day, as I was going out and about, suddenly I noticed hundreds of dragonflies, hundreds of dragonflies, something like this. These were all this species, globe skimmer. I didn't know at the time, but I know now, they're globe skimmers. Hundreds of them. And they were there for some time, and then they were gone. And I didn't think anything more of it until, well, the following year, when it happened again. And then the year after that. And then the year after that. And I was a bit slow. I didn't really take too much notice. But I asked some Maldives and friends and colleagues, and yes, they come over here. And I asked people about them. And yes, they knew, but they didn't know anything, you know, where they came from or anything. And again, I didn't think too much of it. But slowly it began to dawn on me that something rather special was happening, because dragonflies need fresh water to breed. And the Maldives, I'm sure some of you have been there. So here's home. Maldives. Beautiful place. It's built entirely of coral reefs. And on top of the coral reefs are sand banks. Average height about that much above sea level. So global warming, sea level rise, it's a real serious issue. But I'm not going to talk about that. Another important point to being sand banks is that when it rains, the rain water soaks down into the soil. So it's gone. So it stays under the soil. The trees can put their roots into it. Humans can dig holes and make a well. But dragonflies, a bit tricky. There's no surface fresh water. There are no pond streams, rivers, lakes, nothing like that. So why is it that every year millions of dragonflies, millions of dragonflies, turn up? I got a little bit curious. In fact, I'll stop here because I want to ask, and there's a lot of people who from India, of course, people who grew up, spent your childhood here. Those of you who are Indian or have spent your childhood here, can you have a show of hands? Who all of you? Not yet. Not yet. You're too keen. No. Wait for the go. I'll say go. Those of you who grew up in India, do you remember in your childhood dragonflies, swarms of dragonflies? Maybe it's school, maybe tying little bits of string onto them, maybe pulling bits off. I'm asking about that. You already got to say, do you remember seeing lots of dragonflies? And any hands? Any hands? Yeah, it's a white thank you. It's a widespread phenomenon throughout South Asia, including the Maldives. And I got a bit curious about it. In the Maldives, now in India, there's plenty of water. So dragonflies, yeah, of course, why not? But in Maldives, no fresh water. So what on earth is going on? And the first thing I did was started recording when they turned up in the Maldives. And there's the answer. 21st of October, not every year. That's the average date. So I've been writing it down for 15 years now. You'd think they're coming from India. It's the closest place. But in October, remember we're still in the southwest monsoon. In Maldives, we're still in the southwest monsoon. The wind is invariably every time it's from the west. It's going towards India, not from India. So how are these things getting out? They're coming from India against the wind? Seemed a bit unlikely. So next thing I did is I got on the phone. Maldives is a long archipelago. It stretches about 500 miles. And of course, India here. I got on the phone and email to friends and colleagues. When do you see the dragonflies appear? And pretty soon, a picture started emerging. In Bangalore, colleague there sent me information for three years, average, 24th of September. So late September, down in Trivandrum, a bit later, far north of Maldives, a bit later, then Marley, then further south, and then the southernmost Maldives. Pretty obvious. They're coming from India. But they're coming 400 miles across the ocean against the wind. How on earth are they doing that? I didn't know. The next thing I did was I started counting dragonflies. I wanted to know about their seasonality. What time of year? OK, this is when they first arrived. But how long are they around for? Does that give any clues? So I started a very rigorous scientific process. I had a rigorous scientific transect. I got on my bicycle and I cycled around the island of Marley. It's about 5 kilometers round, counting the dragonflies as I go, trying not to bump into people as I'm looking in the trees. And they're here for a very short time. It's October November December. That's it. And then their tail off is a few. But that's it. October November December. That is not the northeast monsoons. That's not the southwest east. That's the intermonsoon. The time when the monsoon changes. Now, what I said was you get the southwest monsoon going one way, and then it changes to get the northeast monsoon going the other way. And that sort of gives you the impression you've got one AMS going up and down, it doesn't work like that. What happens actually is there's two AMSs and there's a front between them. And the front moves. So if you've got India here, when the front's up above India, you enter the southwest monsoon. The front moves into the northeast monsoon. And that front in the middle is not vertical. It's at an angle. So as it comes over towards Marley, I'm standing in Marley underneath the front. I can be in the southwest monsoon, but the wind above is from the northeast monsoon. So the dragonflies actually coming from India on the northeast monsoon, but at altitude at 1,000 or 2,000 meters up in the air. Incredible. These little insects, the ones we see out here, the same ones we see out here, two inches long, five centimeters long, flying in their millions, 400 miles across the ocean at 2,000 meters up. Quite incredible. So I was quite peaceful. I thought, I've tracked this one. I know how they come here. But then I scratch my head a bit and that's okay. I know how they come here. But why do they come here? What are millions of dragonflies doing, flying out over the ocean every year? To their apparent doom. Doesn't make sense. There's nothing for them in moldives. What an earth are they doing? Well, the cut long story short, they're actually flying right across the ocean. They're making it all the way across to East Africa. I know that because I have friends who work on fisheries research vessels who are sending me reports from boats to have it in the ocean. I know because we have reports from seashells which fit in as well down here. And I know because when you look at the rainfall, these particular insects, these globe skimmers, breed in temporary rainwater pools. Okay, they're lay their eggs where the seasonal rains are, the monsoon rains. The larvae have to develop very quickly. They only take six weeks. Instead of 11 months, they're six weeks that up and off. Now, here we have, because you can't read it at the back, the top is rainfall for India. And we're starting in June. So this is the monsoon rain by September October, it's drying out. Nothing for these dragonflies. There's no more seasonal rain. They've got to go hunting for seasonal rain. And they fly south because the monsoon withdraws to the south. They come down through Kanatka into Kerala. And then they run out of land. But they're incredibly good flyers. This particular species, it can fly for thousands of kilometers. And it just keeps going. And the wind, the northeast wind, swishes it round and carries it off across the ocean to Africa. Where? It's raining. And they're breeding in the rains of Africa. Now, this is Southeast Africa. It makes it look like there's sort of two breeding periods here. It's slightly more complicated than that. What's happening is they're breeding in the monsoon rains here. And the dragonflies you can see today, outside here, on the campus, are the young of this generation. They've hatched out in India. They're looking for somewhere to breed. If it rains here, they'll breed. But most of them are going to carry on. And next stop, perhaps only four or five days away, is going to be East Africa. The wind will swish them out across here. If they pass them all leaves, they might go and have a look. Nothing near they'll carry on. Here, Kenya, East Africa. They've actually just come out of the long drought. Just last week, the rains broke. The short rains broke. And it's raining there now. And the dragonflies are there. I have reports from my various contacts. The dragonflies are here now. They're breeding there. When those guys, they'll lay their eggs now. They'll hatch out in six weeks. By that time, the seasonal rains have moved on. It's not there. It's down here. They'll fly down here. And the clever thing is, the wind is always converging to where the rain is. The rain occurs. These are summer rains. This is the summer monsoon. The sun's overhead there. Summer rains in South Africa. The sun is overhead. Maximum heating. Maximum vibration. Maximum clouds. Maximum rainfall. Maximum opportunity is reproduction. Not only that, because you have this convection, you have this rising of the air, where it's hot, air is drawn in. There's a convergence. So wherever the rain is falling, the air is drawn towards it to replace the air that's rising. So the little fellow that hatches out here, he gets up into there, he's automatically carried to where the rain is falling. They're eggs. Next generation. They come up. Automatic carried to where the rain is falling. It's now back there. They come out. It's time to come back. So in four generations, one, two, three, four, and then back a complete circuit of the Indian Ocean. This is a circuit of about 16,000 kilometers. 16,000 kilometers in four generations, mind you, for a two-inch-long insect. It's quite incredible. The monoc, but those of you from North America will be familiar with the monoc butterfly, which up to now has had the longest known insect migration. It's only half the length of this one. And this crossing here of the ocean is the only, truly trans-regular transatlantic, trans-oceanic crossing of any insect, a quite incredible feat. And I only stumbled on this because I was living in Marley, in Maldives for long enough, to be percolating to my brain that something rather special was going on. But dragonflies are not the only creatures that make the crossing. There's more to the story. I'm also interested in birds, and I'm familiar with this fellow. This is a rather special bird. It's a falcon. It's called the Eastern Red-footed falcon, obviously. It's also called the Amel falcon. And it's called the Amel falcon, because it breeds in Amel land, which is the area along the Amel River, which is up here. It's the border, much of it, it's the border between China and Russia up here in the Far East. So Siberia, Manchuria. And that's where it breeds. And if you're a falcon, it's quite a nice place to be in the summer. But it's a pretty miserable place to be in the winter. It's, well, you can imagine. So, as any sensible bird would do, he moves south. They move south. The whole population moves south. But then the sensible, being sensible stops, they don't stop here, or even down here. No, they turn across here. They have a little refueling stop in Northeastern India. They come to the latitude of Mumbai, or Goa. And then they strike out across the ocean down to Kenya, then down here, and they winter down here. Incredible. This is the most extraordinary migration of any bird of prey, quite an incredible migration. And they're not the only one that makes the crossing. They have the most incredible journey, but several make the crossing from India to Africa. It includes this one, the hobby. This fall, it's a very nice bird. It's the Pied Kuku. Those of you from Northern India will be familiar with this. It comes with the monsoons. This time of year, they cross back to Africa. And this guy, the roller, rather beautiful bird, is known as the Eurasian Rollit in India. It occurs in Northwesterns, known as the Kashmir Roller. And these birds, what I've done is I've compiled all the records, all the available records of these birds, put them together, and found out they migrated exactly the same time as the Dragonflies. They make use of exactly the same winds. They travel at exactly the same time with the same winds to make the crossing. I know they travel at the same altitude. It's known about the ammo falcon. This guy, unfortunately, one of these made an unfortunate end. He was flying off the coast of Goa, 21 years ago, 1988. October 1988, an Indian Navy jet was flying off Goa, bang, in the middle of the night. Fortunately, a two-engine jet got back to base, and they pulled the remains of one of these out. Flying at night over the Indian Ocean at 2,424 meters. Same height as the Dragonflies go. So they're using the same winds. And the other thing, the other important factor for all these birds, all medium-sized fellows, and this includes the next slide as well, which is a beta, beta-seek-bees. This one is a nice blue cheek. It's a blue-cheeked beta. And every one of these birds that makes the crossing from India to East Africa eats insects, large insects, the size of Dragonflies. Thank you very much.