 So some months back, I was visiting this African city. And so I was talking traffic. And this vendor suddenly approaches my window with a half-opened alphabet sheet. I took a quick look at the alphabet sheet and I thought of my daughter. How it would be nice to spread it on the floor and just play all the varied with her while getting her to lend the alphabet. So the traffic moved a bit and I quickly grabbed the coffee and we moved on. When I had time to fully open the alphabet sheet and take a more detailed look at it, I knew I was not going to use that to teach my daughter. I regretted my purchase. Why so? Looking at the alphabet sheet reminded me of the fact that not much has changed. In the education curriculum in Africa, some decades back I was taught out of a similar alphabet sheet. And because of that I struggled for years. I struggled to reconcile my reality with the formula education I received in school. In the school I attended. I had identity crises. I looked down on my reality. I looked at my ancestry. I looked at my lineage with disrespect. I had very little patience for what my life had to offer around me. Why? Air is for Apple. Air is for Apple. Air is for Apple is for that child. In that part of the world where Apple's grow out. Who has an Apple in her lunch bag? Who goes to the grocery store with her mom and sees red, green, yellow, apples of all shapes and colors and sizes? And so, introducing education to this child with an alphabet sheet like this fulfills one of the major functions of education. Which is to introduce the learner to an appreciation of the learner's environment and her curiosity to explore more in order to add value. In my own case, when and where I grew up in Africa, Apple was an exotic food. Two or three times a year I could get some yellowish apples with brown dots, you know, signifying thousands of miles traveled. Where has this thought to get to me? I grew up in the city to very financially, you know, comfortable parents. So it was my dignified reality. The same way, cassava, fufu or Ugarli would not regularly feature in an American, Chinese or Indian diet. Apple did encounter a spot of my reality. So what this leads to me, what introduced education to me with Air is for Apple. Made education an abstraction. It made it something out of my reach. A foreign concept, a phenomenon for which I would have to constantly and perpetually seek the validation of does it belong to, for me to make progress within it and with it. That was tough for a child. It would be tough for anyone. As I grew up and I advanced academically, my reality was further separated from my education. In history, I was taught that this Scottish explorer, Mungopak, discovered the Niger River. And so it bothered me. My great-great-grandparents grew up quite close to the edge of the Niger River. And I mean, it took someone to travel thousands of miles from Europe to discover a river right under their nose. No! What did they do with their time? Playing bad games, roasting fresh yams, fighting tribal was, I mean, I just knew my education was preparing me to go somewhere else and practice and give to another environment that it belonged to, was not for my environment where I grew up. And this continued this philosophy on that guided my studies all through the time I studied in Africa. It took a lot of, you know, experiences and some studies for me to begin to have a change of mindset. And I will share a couple of the remarkable ones with us. I wasn't the United States in Washington, DC, studying towards my doctorate. And I got this consultancy position with the World Bank Africa region. And so I remember one day my boss, no, we were having a conversation about, you know, on some project and he mentioned a particular World Bank project, a large scale irrigation project that cost millions of dollars in Nigerian public that was full train sustainably. He said this project wasn't so sustainable and you know, he bothered those that instituted the whole package. But then he mentioned a particular project, a particular traditional irrigation method that was hugely successful in the same Nigerian public where the World Bank project was failing. And that got me thinking. And so I did for that research and I found out about TASA. TASA is a traditional irrigation method where 20 to 30 centimeter wide and 20 meters only to 30 centimeter deep holes are dug across a field to be cultivated. And then a small dam is constructed around the field. And then crops are planted across the surface area. What happened is that when rainwater falls, the holes are able to store the water and appropriate it to the extent that the plant needs, you know, the water. So plants can only assimilate as much water as needed until harvest time. Niger is 75 percent scorched desert. So this is something that is a life of death situation and it's been used for centuries. In an experiment that was conducted, a plot of land, two similar plots of land were used in the experiment. And one plot of land did not have the TASA technique on it, similar plots. The other one had TASA technique constructed on it. Then similar grains of millet also were planted on both plots. During harvest time, the plot of land without TASA technique yielded 11 kilograms of millet per hectare. The plot of land with TASA technique yielded 553 kilograms of millet per hectare. I looked at myself. I studied agriculture for 12 years from primary to senior six as we say in East Africa, SS3, West Africa, or 12th grade. No one ever taught me of any form of traditional African knowledge of cultivation, of harvesting of anything that would work in modern times and actually succeed where something imported from the West would struggle to succeed. That was when I knew the challenge of Africa's curricula. And I and TASA began my quest to dedicate my life, to studying, conducting research on Africa's own knowledge system and then being able to advocate for its mainstreaming in education, in research, policy across sectors and industries. Another conversation and experience I had at the bank, I guess made me take that final decision of where I was going to go even though it wasn't the most lucrative research to go into bed. It's just about what I believed in. And so one day my boss said that he likes to go to Africa to negotiate world bank loans and to work on world bank projects. And I will, you know, intrigue, I asked him why. He said, oh. And I go to Africa, it's so easy. I just, I write off my loan documents and my project, Proposal in Washington, DC, I go to Africa and they all just get signed. I get the best deal and I'm back, back to base. My boss is happy with me. But then he said I head going to Asia or he mentioned the particular country in Asia and some of these countries. They keep me for, you know, days trying to squeeze, get the best deal for their countries. They get the best deal. They tell me, oh, that clause will not work for us in our environment, in our, in our, in our, in our, it's not our reality. It's just, it's so western. And they tell me, oh, we have enough experts to take care of this. You don't have enough expert, expert is we know. And they don't keep going through all this. In very time, they finish, yes, they get the best deal. But I'm so exhausted and I don't get the best deal for the bank. And we're in business. Really? I thought in my head. Okay, I was privileged to sit in on a loan negotiating session in an African country. So I would do this consultancy position during summer, you know, since I was, you know, doctorate student. And then I traveled in, you know, with the team, with the World Bank team, as more like, you know, someone to help out with, of these issues now matters. But I started during the negotiating session. I had mostly U.S. Americans, you know, with me from Washington, DC. And I looked across the table at my African brothers and sisters. I could see intimidation on their faces. They didn't believe they had anything to offer the great, great grandchildren of Mungopak. The owners of Apple in A is for Apple. They just sat and watched and, oh, just give us a little sign. You own the knowledge. You know it all just. Where do we sign? Show us a little sign. They couldn't even, they had no voice. They didn't believe in themselves. Excuse me. And so I have been doing this for a decade. I have been conducting research on Africa's knowledge system, original authentic traditional knowledge. In the few cases where this has been implemented in Africa, there has been remarkable successes, recorded. I think of Gachacha. Gachacha is a, is Randa's traditional judicial system that was used after the genocide. In 1994 when the genocide ended, Randa's national court system was in shambles. No judges, no lawyers to try hundreds of thousands of genocide cases. So government of Randa came up with this idea to resuscitate a traditional judicial system, known as Gachacha. Gachacha is a community-based judicial system where community members come together to elect men and women of proven integrity to try cases of crimes committed within these communities. So by the time Gachacha concluded its trial of genocide cases in 2012, 12,000 community-based courts had tried approximately 1.2 million cases. That's a record. Most importantly is that Gachacha emphasized Randa's traditional philosophy of reconciliation and reintegration. As a against the whole punitive and banishment idea that on the guts were present their western style and not to be, not to compare, but just to say that in really emphasized Randa's traditional method of philosophy. And so it was Malimu, Julius Nere, former president of Tanzania who said that you cannot develop people. People will have to develop themselves. I agree with Malimu. I am convinced that Africa has for that transformation Africa's advancement, rest simply, in the acknowledgement, validation and mainstreaming of Africa's own traditional authentic original indigenous knowledge, in education, in research, in policy making and across sectors. This is not going to be easy for Africa. It's not going to be easy for a people used to being told how to think, what to do, how to go about it. A people long subjected to the intellectual guidance and direction of others, being in the colonial masters, aid industry or international news media. But it is a task that we have to do to make progress. I am strengthened by the words of Joseph Shabbalala, founder of the South African Coral Group, Ladies Mid-Black Mambazo. He said that the task ahead of us can never ever be greater than the power within us. We can do it. We can only look down on ourselves. We can learn to place value on our reality and our knowledge. Thank you, Assante-San. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.