 I am delighted to be here. I'm honored by the invitation and thanks. I would love to talk about stuff that I'm interested in, but unfortunately I suspect that what I'm interested in won't interest many other people. First off, my badge says I'm an astronomer. I would love to talk about my astronomy, but I suspect that the number of people who are interested in radiative transfer in non-gray atmospheres and polarization of lightened Jupiter's upper atmosphere, number of people would fit into a bush shelter. So I'm not going to talk about that. It would be just as much fun to talk about some stuff that happened in 1986 and 1987 when a computer hacker is breaking into our systems over at Lawrence Berkeley Labs. And I caught the guys and they turned out to be working for what was then the Soviet KGB and stealing information and selling it. And I'd love to talk about that. And it'd be fun. But 20 years later, I find computer security, frankly, to be boring. It's tedious. The first time you do something, it's science. The second time, it's engineering. The third time, it's just being a technician. I'm a scientist. Once I do something, I want to do something else. So I'm not going to talk about that. Nor am I going to talk about what I think are obvious statements from my first book, Silicon Snakewell. Or a second book. And nor am I going to talk about why I believe computers don't belong in schools. I feel that there's a massive and bizarre idea going around that we have to bring more computers into schools. My idea is, no, no, get them out of schools and keep them out of schools. And I'd love to talk about this. But I think the argument is so obvious to anyone who's hung around a fourth grade classroom that doesn't need much talking about. But I guess I may be very wrong about that and everything else that I've said. So don't go back and read my dissertation and probably his lies in it as well. I'm having said that. I outlined my talk about about five minutes ago. And if you look at it over here, the main thing that I wrote on my thumb was the future. I'm supposed to talk about the future. Yes? Oh, right. And my feeling is asking me to talk about the future is bizarre because I've got gray hair. And so it's kind of silly for me to talk about the future. In fact, I think that if you really want to know what the future is going to be, if you really want to know about the future, don't ask a technologist, a scientist, a physicist. No. Don't ask somebody who's writing code. No. If you want to know what society is going to be like in 20 years, ask a kindergarten teacher. They know. In fact, don't just ask any kindergarten teacher, ask an experienced one. They're the ones who know what society is going to be like in another generation. I don't. Nor, I suspect, do many other people who are talking about what the future will bring. Certainly, all of us can imagine these cool new things that are going to be there. But to me, things aren't the future. What I'll ask myself is, what society going to be like when the kids today are phenomenally good at text messaging and spend a huge amount of on-screen time, but have never gone bowling together. The change is happening. And the change is happening. It's not one that's in software. But that's not what I'm going to talk about. I'd love to talk about and be fun. But I wanted to talk about what I'm doing now. Oh, what am I doing now? Oh, the other thing that I think I'd like to talk about, it's right over here. Right, right, right, right, right over here. Um, right? Is it going to have visible? Right. What I'd like to talk about is one-sided things. I would dearly love to talk about things that have one side, because I love mobious loops. I not only love mobious loops, but I'm one of the very few people that not the only person in the world that makes climb bottles. OK, right away, I hope all of your eyes glaze over. This is a climb bottle. For those who know, those of you in the audience who know, you roll your eyes and say, yep, I know all about it. It's one-sided. It's a bottle whose inside is its outside at zero volume. And it's non-orientable. And it has wonderful properties. If you take two mobious loops and sew their common edge together, you get one of these. And I make them out of glass. And I'd love to talk to you about this. But I don't have much in the way of things to say, because I've got to call. However, however, the D, the D in Tant, of course, stands for design. Just two weeks ago, I've been making small, medium, and big climb bottles for the trade. But what I've just made, and I'm delighted to show you, first time in public here, this is a climb bottle, wine bottle, which, although it shouldn't, in four dimensions, it shouldn't be able to hold any fluid at all, it's perfectly capable of doing so because our universe has only three spatial dimensions. And because our universe is only three spatial dimensions, it can hold fluids. So it's highly... That one's the cool one. That was a month of my life. But although I would love to talk about topology with you, I'm not going to. Instead, instead I'm going to mention my mom, who passed away last summer, had collected photographs of me, as mothers will do. Somebody put this guy here. And I looked over her album, and she had collected a picture of me, standing, sitting in 1969 in front of a bunch of dials. And I looked at it, said, oh my god, that's me when I was working at the Electronic Music Studio, as a technician, repairing and maintaining Electronic Music Studio, SUNY BUFFLA. And wow, way back machine. And I said to myself, oh yeah. And it sent me back soon after that. Soon after that, I found in another picture that she had, a picture of me, this guy over here, of course, is me. This man is Robert Mogue, the inventor of the Mogue Synthesizer, who passed away this past August. Robert Mogue was a generous kind person, extraordinarily competent engineer, a musician, who took time from his life to teach me, you know, a sophomore freshman in SUNY BUFFLA. He'd come up from Truman'sburg to teach me about not just about, oh, the Mogue Synthesizer, but we'd be sitting there. And I'm studying physics at the time. This is the 1969, 1970, 1971. We're studying physics. I'm studying physics. He's saying that's a good thing to do. Again, don't get caught up in Electronic Music if you're doing physics. It's a very instrumentaling me. He'd come up and spend hours and hours with me. He wrote a letter of recommendation for me to get into graduate school. In the background, my bicycle, I realized that this picture was taken at a friend's living room. Bob Mogue came by and brought a whole pile of equipment to show Greg Flint and I things about this. We sat around talking about Fourier transforms, Bessel functions, modulation transfer functions, stuff like this. Bob's passing this past summer has been a loss to all of us. Anyone who's a musician has been profoundly influenced by Robert Mogue. And I'll just say what I'm about to do. What I'm about to do, I hope you can recognize that there's a distorted sign wave, almost a triangular wave, up on this Hewlett-Packard oscilloscope. Oh, cool. I can get to this place over here, right? Kids. Kids is what I'm going to talk about. Is that OK? Right? It says kids over here. That's what I'd like to talk about. I've decided that for me at least, I don't have a big enough head. So I think locally and I act locally. I feel that the best way I can help out anything is to help out very, very locally. So, you know, PhD this and degree there and diatiata. I was talking about this stuff to some school teachers about a year ago. And one of them, several of them, come up to me and says, well, how come you ain't teaching? And I said, well, I've taught graduate students. I taught undergrad classes. No, he said, if you're so into kids and all this stuff, how come you ain't over here on the front lines? Put your money where you're mouth is. Is true. Is true. I teach eighth grade science four days a week, not just showing up every now and then. No, no, no, no, no, no. I take attendance. I take one shower. This is not, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is not class. So I strongly suggest that this is a good thing for each of you to do. Not just show up to class every now and then. Teach a solid week. OK, I'm teaching three quarter time, but good enough. One of the things I've done for my science students is to tell them, look, I'm going to teach you college level physics. No calculus. I'll cut out that. You won't need to know trig, but you will need to know eighth grade algebra. And we're going to do serious experiments. None of this open to chapter seven and do all the odd problem sets. We're going to be doing genuine physics. And that's one of the things I thought I'd do right now. Oh, before I even turning that on, one of the things that we did about three weeks ago in my class was, oh, this is through the lens. And one of the things we used the lens for was to measure the speed of light. My students in El Serito, with my help, of course, and the help of a very beat up oscilloscope, measured the speed of light. We were off by 25%. How many eighth graders do you know of that have measured the speed of light? In addition to that, we've measured the speed of sound. I'd love to measure the speed of light here. I was all set to do it. And I was thinking, oh, man, I'm just going to impose upon, I'm always upon the powers that be and measure the speed of light. And I'm all set to do it. I'm all set to do it. But then it turns out that to set up here, you have like 10 minutes to set up. And there's no time to do it. So next time, maybe, I'll measure the speed of light. But meanwhile, let's measure the speed of sound. Well, the obvious way to measure the speed of sound is to bounce sound off something and look at the echo. But probably, one of my students, Ariel Carrot, said, could we measure the speed of light using the wave equation? And all of you know the wave equation is the frequency times the wavelength of any wave is a constant. When the frequency goes up, the wavelength comes down. Wavelength goes up. Frequency goes down. So if we have a wave here, over here, over here, that's what's interesting. As a pitch goes up, things get closer. Pitch goes down, things stretch out. Right? This is simple physics. All of you know this from eighth grade, remember? What they didn't tell you, what they didn't tell you in physics, in eighth grade physics. But they should have. And I wish they had was that if you multiply the frequency times the wavelength of sound or light, you get a constant. And that constant is the speed of sound. So in order to measure the speed of sound, all I've got to do is know its frequency. Well, that's easy. I've got a frequency counter right here. Let me set up to around A above A above A. There's an A, more or less. Now, so I know the frequency. It's 1.76 kilohertz. Let me measure its wavelength. All I need now is to flip on another beam. And the bottom beam is me talking, right? So anytime I talk, you can see it on the screen. Yeah. I'll put it over here. And as I move this away from the source, you'll notice the spiral, the slinky moves. We're seeing, we're going through different nodes of the wave coming out this way. Those of you who are physicists, I hear you roll in your eyes. But bear with me. To measure the wavelength, to measure the wavelength, all I need to do is measure the distance from here, one full wave over to here. From here to here is the wavelength of sound. So I'll put a measuring tape here, move it back over to here. I've moved the microphone 20 centimeters. Point two meters from here. Vivo, voivo, voivo, voivo, voivo, voivo, voivo. Back to here. 20 centimeters. OK. Let's go back to Mr. Elmo. And we'll see the frequency is 1.76 kilohertz or 1.760. The wavelength was 0.2 meters. Let's figure out what this is. 1.76 times 0.2 over here is 352 meters per second. If you look up in the book, yeah, it's really 343. But here with Clujie material and Slousy Drink, we've been able to measure the speed of light, to the speed of sound, to not bad. Pretty good. All of which comes to what I wanted to say. Go back to this picture of me a million years ago. It was 1971. The Vietnam War was going on. And the Vietnam War is going on. I'm like, oh my god. I'm studying physics, land on lichets, resonant can halodeim, going home for midterm. A riot's going on on campus. There's a riot. Oh, hey, Elmo's done. Free. Free. Off. There's a riot going on on campus. And the police are chasing me. Right? I'm walking across campus. Cop comes and looks at me. It says, you, you're a student. Pulls out a gun, goes, boop. And a tear gas canister, the size of a Pepsi can go, boop. I get a breath of tear gas. I can't breathe. This cop comes after me with a rifle. He wants to clunk me over the head. I'm sick. I got to clear out here. What a, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop. I go running across campus, quick as I can. I duck into Hayes Hall. It's one of these bell tower buildings. Cops chasing me, chasing me up the first floor. And second floor, third floor. Chases me into this room. It's the entrance way to the bell tower. I slammed the door behind me, climb up, go past this place where I see a pendulum ticking, and I'm thinking, oh yeah, square root of the length is proportional to its period. I keep climbing up, go back. I go to a place where dowel splits off. There's a clock, clock, clock. The time's going backwards because I'm inside of it. I'm thinking of Lorentz contractions and I ain't standing in relativity. I climb up and there's this place way in the back that you climb up this wooden ladder. I pop up the top and there's a coobla, a dome. One of these 10 foot domes I'm looking out and I'm seeing the cops bashing students heads, shooting tear gas, I'm watching students throwing bricks and I'm asking, what am I doing here? Why am I here? Now remember what? My English teacher, high school said, namely that when they cast bells, they write inscriptions on them. Sorry, wiped the pigeon manure off one of the bells and I look at it. I'm asking myself, why am I here? So at this time, I'd like to tell you the words inscribed upon the Hayes Hall tower bells. All truth is one. In this light, may science and religion endeavor here for the steady evolution of mankind, from darkness to light, from narrowness to broadmindedness, from prejudice to tolerance. It is the voice of life which calls us to come and learn. Thank you very much. Yeah. APPLAUSE