 So the first robot to talk about is called Strider. It stands for self-excited, tri-piddle, dynamic, experimental robot. It's a robot that has three legs, which is inspired by nature. But have you seen anything in nature in the animal that has three legs? Probably not. So why do I call this a biologically inspired robot? How would it work? But before that, let's look at pop culture. So H.G. Wells, World of Worlds, novel, a movie. And what you see over here is a very popular video game. And these fiction-day describe these alien creatures and robots that have three legs that terrorize Earth. But my robot Strider does not move like this. So this is an actual dynamic simulation animation. It's going to show you how the robot works. It flips its body 180 degrees. It swings its legs between the two legs and cats in the fall. So that's how it walks. But when you look at us human being, bipedal walking, what you're doing is you're not really using a muscle to lift your leg and do like and walk like a robot. What you're doing is you really swing your leg and cast the fall, stand up again, swing your leg and cast the fall. You're using your built-in dynamics, the physics of your body, just like a pendulum. We call that the concept of passive dynamic locomotion. What you're doing is when you stand up, potential energy to kinetic energy, potential energy to kinetic energy. And it's a constantly falling process. So even though there's nothing in nature that looks like this, really we're inspired by biology and applying the principles of walking to this robot. Thus is a biologically inspired robot. What you see over here, this is what we want to do next. We want to fold up the legs and shoot it up for long range motion. And it deploys legs. It looks almost like Star Wars when it lands. It absorbs the shock and starts walking. What you see over here, this yellow thing, this is not a death ray. This is just to show you that if you have cameras with different types of sensors, because it is tall, it's 1.8 meters tall, you can see over obstacles and bushes and those kind of things. So we have two prototypes. The first version in the back, that's strider one. The one in the front, the smaller one, strider two. The problem that we had with strider one is, it was just too heavy in the body. We had so many mortars aligning the joints and those kind of things. So we decided to synthesize a mechanical mechanism so we can get rid of all the mortars and then with a single mortar, we can coordinate all the motions. It's a mechanical solution to a problem instead of using necachronics. So with this, now the top body is light enough. So it's walking our lab. This is a very first successful step. It's still not perfect. It's coffee falls down, so we still have a lot of work to do. The second one I want to talk about is called Impass. It stands for Intelligent, Mobility Platform with Actuated Spoke System. So it's a wheel leg hybrid robot. So think of a rimless wheel or a spoke wheel, but the spokes individually move in and out of the hub. So it's a wheel leg hybrid. We're literally reinventing the wheel here. Let me show how it demonstrate how it works. So in this video, we're using a approach called Reactive Approach. Just simply using the tactile sensors on the feet, it's trying to walk over a changing train, a soft train where it pushes down a change. And just by the tactile information, it successfully crosses over these type of train. But when it encounters a very extreme train, in this case, this obstacle is more than three times at the height of the robot than it switches to a deliberate mode where it uses a laser rangefinder and camera systems to identify the obstacle on the size. And it plans, carefully plans the motion of the spokes and coordinates it so that it can show this kind of very, very impressive mobility. You probably haven't seen anything like this out there. This is a very high mobility robot that we developed called M-PASS. Ah, is that cool? When you drive your car, when you steer your car, use a method called Ackman steering. You're the front wheels rotate like this. For most of the small wheeled robots, they use a method called differential steering where the left and right wheels turn the opposite direction. For M-PASS, we can do many, many different types of motions. For example, in this case, even the left and right wheel is connected with a single axle, rotating the same angle of velocity. We just simply change the length of the spoke, infected diameter, and then you get turned to left. So these are just some examples of the neat things that we can do with M-PASS. This robot is called Climer. Cable saws spend the limped intelligent matching behavior robot. So I've been talking to a lot of NASA JPL scientists, a JPL they're famous for the Mars Rovers, and the scientist Geologist always tells me that the real interesting science, science rich sites are always at the cliffs. But the current Rovers cannot get there. So inspired by that, we wanted to build a robot that can climb unstructured cliff environment. So this is Climer. So what it does, it has three legs. It probably can't stiff look see, but it has a wind on a cable on the top. I try to figure out the best place to put its foot. And then once it figures that it out, in real time it calculates the force distribution. How much force it needs to exert to the surface so it doesn't tip and doesn't slip. Because it stabilizes that, it lifts the foot, and then with the winch, you can climb up these kind of rocks. Also for search on rescue applications as well. Five years ago, I actually worked at NASA JPL during the summer as a faculty fellow. And they already had a six leg robot card, a lemur. So this is actually based on that. This robot is called Mars, multi-ampaited robotic system. So it's a hex-upon robot. We developed our adaptive gate planner. We actually have a very interesting payload on there. The students like to have fun. And here you can see that it's walking over on structure terrain. It's trying to walk on the full-star terrain, the sandy area. But depending on the moisture content or the size of the grain size of the sand, the foot soil sinkage model changes. So it tries to adapt its gate to successfully cross over these kind of things. It also does some fun stuff. As you can imagine, we get so many visitors visiting our lab. So when the visitors come, Mars walks up to the computer, starts typing. Hello, my name is Mars. Welcome to Romela. The robot is on mechanism laboratory yet. Virginia Tech. This robot is a Amiba robot. Now, we don't have enough time to go into technical details. I'll just show you some of the experiments. So this is some of the early feasibility experience. We store potential energy to the elastic skin to make it move or use active tension course to make it move forward and backward. It's called Kaimera. We also have been working with some scientists and engineers from UPEN to come up with a chemically actuated version of this Amiba robot. We do something to something and just like magic, it moves the block. This robot is a very recent project called Rafael. Robotic air powered hand with elastic ligaments. There are a lot of really neat, very good robotic hands out there in the market. The problem is they're just too expensive. Tens of thousands of dollars. So for prosthesis applications, probably not too practical because it's not affordable. We want to tackle this problem in a very different direction. Instead of using electrical motors, electrical mechanical actuators, we're using compressed air. We develop these novel actuators for the joints. So it's compliant. You can actually change the force, simply just changing the air pressure. And it can actually crush an empty soda can. It can pick up very delicate objects like a raw egg or in this case, a light bulb. The best part. It took only $200 to make the first prototype. This robot is actually a family of snake robots that we call Hydrus. Hyper-duiser freedom, robotic articulated servo dine. This is a robot that can climb structures. This is a Hydrus arm. It's a 12 degrees of freedom robotic arm. But the cool part is the user interface. The cable over there, that's an optical fiber. And this student probably the first time using it, but she can articulate in many different ways. So for example, in the Iraq, the war zone, there's the roadside bombs. Currently, suddenly, it's remotely controlled vehicles with an arm. It takes really a lot of time and it's expensive to train the operator to operate this complex arm. In this case, it's very intuitive. This student probably first time using it, doing great complex manipulation tests, taking up objects and doing manipulation, just like that. Very intuitive. Now, this robot is currently our star robot. We actually have a fan club for the robot Darwin. We make anthropomic robot with intelligence. As you know, we are very interested in human walking. So we decided to build a small human robot. This is in 2004. At that time, this is something really, really revolutionary. This was more of a feasible study. What kind of motor should it use? Is it even possible? What kind of control should it do? So this does not have any sensors. So it's an open loop control. And for those who probably know, if you don't have any sensors and there's any disturbances, you know what happens. Yeah. So, based on that success, in the following year, we did the proper mechanical design starting from kinematics, and thus Darwin won was born in 2005. It stands up, it walks very impressive. However, still, as you can see, it has a cord and a bellicode cord. So you're still using external power source and external computation. So, in 2006, now, it's really time to have fun. Let's give it intelligence. We give all the computing power needs. 1.5GHz Pentium M chip, two fire-up cameras, rate gyro, X-Larm, or his force torque sensor on the foot, leaving power batteries. And now, Darwin II is completely autonomous. It is not remote controlled. There's no tether. It looks around, searches for the ball, looks around, searches for the goal, and it tries to play a game of soccer, autonomously. Our artificial intelligence. Let's see how it does. This was our very first trial. And... Go! Yeah! Yes! So, there is actually a competition called Robocup. I don't know how many of you heard about Robocup. It's an international autonomous robot soccer competition. And the goal of Robocup, the offshore goal, is by the year 2050, we want to have full-size, autonomous, human-like robots play soccer against the human, rule-cup champions, and win. It's a true offshore goal. It's a very ambitious goal, but we truly believe that we can do it. So, this is last year in China. We are the very first team in the United States that qualified in the human-like Robocup soccer competition. This is this year. This was in Austria. You can see the action of three against three. Completely autonomous. There you go. Yes! Now they are. They are robots track, and they play a team play amongst themselves. It's very impressive. We have a research event packaged in a more exciting competition events. What you see over here, this is the beautiful Louis Vuitton Cup trophy. So this is for the best humanoid, and we would like to bring this for the very first time in the United States next year, so wish us luck. Thank you. Darin also has a lot of other talents. Last year, it actually conducted the Roanoke Symphony Orchestra for the holiday concert. This is the next generation robot Darin for, much smarter, faster, stronger, and it's trying to show off its ability. My macho, I'm strong. I can also do some Jackie Chan motion martial art movements. It walks away. This is Darin for. You'll be able to see in the lobby. We truly believe this is going to be the very first running humanoid robot in the United States. So, stay tuned. All right, so I showed you some of our exciting robotics works. So what's the secret of our success? Where do we come up with these ideas? How do we develop these kind of ideas? We have a fully autonomous vehicle that can drive in the urban environment. We want half a million dollars in DARPA urban challenge. We also have the rules very first vehicle that can be driven by the blind. Call it the Blind Driver Challenge. Very exciting, and many, many other robotics projects I want to talk about. These are just the words that we won in 2007 fall from robotics competition as those kind of things. So really, we have five secrets. First is, where do we get inspiration? Where do we get this spark of imagination? This is true story, my personal story. At night, when I go to bed, 3-4 a.m. in the morning, I lie down close to my eyes, and I see these lines and circles and different shapes floating around, and they assemble, and they form different mechanisms. And they're like, oh, this is cool. So right next to my bed, I keep a notebook, a journal with a special pen that has a light on it, LED light, because I don't want to turn on the light and wake up my wife. So when I say this, I scribble everything down, draw things, and I go to bed. Every day in the morning, the first thing I do before my first cup of coffee, before my brush, my teeth, I open my notebook, many times it's empty. Sometimes I have something there. If something there is sometimes junk, but most of the time I can't even read my handwriting. It's a 4 a.m. the morning, what do you expect? So I need to decipher what I wrote. But sometimes I see this ingenious idea in there, and I have this ear-accommoment. I directly run to my home office, sit in my computer, I type into ideas, and sketch things out, and I keep a database of ideas. So when we have these call for proposals, I try to find a match between my potential ideas and the problem. If there's a match, we write a research proposal, get the research funding in, and that's how we start our research programs. But just as far as imagination is not good enough, how do we develop these kind of ideas? At our lab, Romela, the Rolex and mechanism laboratory, we have this fantastic brainstorming session. So we gather around, we discuss about problems and solutions, problems, and talk about it. But before we start, we set this golden rule. The rule is nobody criticizes anybody's ideas. Nobody criticizes any opinion. This is important because many times students, they fear, they feel uncomfortable, how other might think about their opinions and thoughts. So once you do this, it is amazing how the students open up. They have this wacky, cool, crazy, brilliant ideas, and the whole room is just electrified with creative energy, and this is how we develop our ideas. Well, we're running out of time. One more thing I want to talk about is, you know, just a spark of idea and development is not good enough. There was a great Ted moment. I think was Sir Ken Robinson, was it? He gave a talk about how education and school kills creativity. Well, actually, there's two sides to the story. So there's only so much one can do with just ingenious ideas and creativity and good engineering intuition. If you want to go beyond tinkering, if you want to go beyond the hobbyist robotics and really tackle the grand challenges of robotics through rigorous research, we need more than that. This is where school comes in. Batman, fighting as bad guys, he has this utility belt, he has this grappling hook, has all the difficulties of gadgets. For us roboticists, engineers and scientists, these tools, these are the courses and classes you take in class. Math, differential equations, I have linear algebra, science, physics, even nowadays chemistry and biology as you've seen, these are all the tools that we need. So the more tools you have for Batman, more effective in finding the bad guys, for us, more tools to attack these kind of big problems. So education, very important. So it's not about that, only about that you also have to work really, really hard. So I always tell my students, work smart, then work hard. This picture in the back, this is 3 a.m. in the morning. I guarantee you, if you come to our lab 3 4 a.m., we have students working there, not because I tell them to, because we're having too much fun, which leads to the last topic. Do not forget to have fun. That's really the secret of our success. We're having too much fun. I truly believe that highest productivity comes in when you're having fun and that's what we're doing. There you go. Thank you so much.