 We need to change the culture and our jails and prisons, especially for young inmates. New York State is one of only two in the U.S. that automatically arrests and tries 16 to 17 year olds as adults. This culture of violence takes these young people and puts them in a hostile environment, and the correctional world is pretty much allowed any and everything to go on. There's not really much for these young people to do to actually enhance their talents and actually rehabilitate them. Until we could raise the age of criminal responsibility to 18, we need to focus on changing the daily lives of these young people. I know firsthand, before I ever turn 18, I spent approximately 400 days on Rikers Island. And to add to that, I spent almost 300 days in solitary confinement. And let me tell you this. Screaming at the top of your lungs all day on your cell door or screaming at the top of your lungs out the window, it gets tiring. Since there's not much for you to do while you're in there, you start pacing back and forth in yourself, start talking to yourself, your thoughts start running wild, then your thoughts become your own worst enemy. Jails are actually supposed to rehabilitate a person. Now cause him or her to become more angry, frustrated, and feel more hopeless. Since there's not a discharge plan put in place for these young people, they pretty much re-enter society with nothing. And it's not really much for them to do to keep them from recidivating. But it all starts with the CEOs. It's very easy for some people to look at these correctional offices as the good guys and the inmates as the bad guys or vice versa for some. But it's a little more than that. See, these CEOs are normal everyday people. They come from the same neighborhoods as the population they serve. They're just normal people. They're not robots and there's nothing special about them. They do pretty much everything anybody else in society does. The male CEOs want to talk and flirt with the female CEOs. They play little high school kid games with each other. They pilot tickle one another and the female CEOs gossip to each other. So I spent numerous amounts of time with numerous amounts of CEOs. But let me tell you about this one a particular name on roll. One day he pulled me in between the A and B doors with separates the North and South side of a housing unit. He pulled me there because I had a physical altercation with another young man in my housing unit. And he felt since there was a female officer working on a floor that I violated his shift. So he punched me in my chest. He kind of knocked the window out of me. I wasn't impulsive. I didn't react right away because I know this is their house. I have no wins. All he has to do is pull his pen and backup will come immediately. So I just gave him a look in his eyes. And I guess he saw that anger and frustration just burning. And he said to me, your eyes is going to get you in a lot of trouble. Because you looking like you want to fight. So he commenced to take in all his utility belt. He took all his shirt and his badge and he said, we can fight. So I asked him, you're going to hold it down. Now that's a term that's commonly used on Rikers Allen. Meaning that you're not going to say anything to anybody and you're not going to report it. He said, yeah, I'm going to hold it down. You going to hold it down? I didn't even respond. I just punched him right in his face and we began fighting right then and then. Towards the end of the fight, he slammed me up against the wall. So while we were tussled up, he said to me, you good? As if he got the best in me. But in my mind, I know I got the best in him. So I replied very cocky. Oh, I'm good. You good? He said, yeah, I'm good. I'm good. We let go. He shook my hand, said he gave me my respect, gave me a cigarette and sent me on my way. Believe it or not, you come across, you come across some CEOs on Rikers Allen out of fight you one on one. They feel like they understand how it is and they feel like I'm going to meet you where you're at. Since this is how you commonly handle your disputes, we can handle it in that manner. I walk away from a like a man. You walk away from a like a man and that's it. Some CEOs feel that they're gentlemen with you. This is why they have that mentality and that attitude and they go by that concept. In some instances, we're in it together with the CEOs. However, institutions need to give these correctional offices proper trainings on how to properly deal with the adolescent population. And they also need to give them proper trainers on how to deal with the mental health population as well. These CEOs play a big factor in these young people's lives for X amount of time until the disposition is reached on their case. So why not try to mentor these young people while they're there? Why not try to give them some type of insight to make a change for once they re-enter back into society, they're doing something positive? A second big thing to help our teens and gills is better program them. When I was on Rikers Allen, a huge thing was solitary confinement. Reconformment was originally designed to break a person mentally, physically and emotionally. That's what it was designed for. The US Attorney General recently released a report stating that they're going to ban solitary confinement in New York State for teens. One thing that kept me sane while I was in solitary confinement was reading. I tried to educate myself as much as possible. I read any and everything I could get my hands on and it's sad from that I wrote music and show stories. Some programs that I feel would benefit our young people, our therapy program for the kids that like to draw and have that talent. And what about the young individuals that's musically inclined? How about a music program for them that actually teaches them how to write and make music? Just a thought. Well, at least it's coming to Rikers Allen, C-74R and D.C. is the building that they're housed in. That's nickname, gladiator school. Because you have a young individual coming in from the street thinking that they're tough. Being surrounded by a bunch of other young individuals from all of the five boroughs and everybody feels that they're tough. So now you have a bunch of young gentlemen poking their chest out, feeling that I have to prove I'm equally as tough as you. I'm tougher than you and you. But let's be honest, that culture is very dangerous and damaging to our young people. We need to help institutions and these teams realize that they don't have to leave the previous lifestyle that they led when they were on the street that they can't actually make a change. It's sad to report that while I was in prison, I used to hear dudes talking about when they get released from prison, what type of crimes they're going to commit when they get back in the street. The conversation used to sound something like this. Oh, when I hit the street, my brother got this connection for this day and the third, or my man over here got this connection for the low price, less exchange information. And when we hit the town, we're going to do it real big. I used to hate these conversations to think to myself, wow, these dudes are really talking about going back in the street and committing future crimes. So I came up with a name for that. I called it, go back to jail, quick skin. Because really, how long is that going to last? Get a retirement plan with that. Nice little pension, 401K, 403B. Get health insurance. Dental. But I will tell you this, being in jail and being in prison, I came across some of the most intelligent, brilliant, and talented people that I would ever meet. I see individuals take a potato chip bag and turn it into the most beautiful picture frame. I see individuals take the state soap that's provided for free and turn them into the most beautiful sculptures that would make Michelangelo look like a kindergarten. At the age of 21, I was in a maximum security prison called El Miro correctional facility. This came out the way Shaq from working out and I saw Old DeGenerme at our new stand in the middle of the yard just looking up at the sky. This Old DeGenerme was serving a 33 and a third of the life sentence, which he already had served 20 years of that sentence. So I woke up to him and I said, oh gee, what's going on, man, you good? He looked at me and he said, yeah, I'm good, young blood. I was like, so what you looking up at the sky for, man, what's so fascinating up there? He said, you look up and you tell me what you see. Clouds. He said, all right, what else you see? At that time, it was a plane passing by. I said, all right, I see an airplane. He said exactly. And what's on that airplane? People. Exactly. Now where is that plane and those people going? I don't know. You know, please let me know if you do it. Let me get some lottery numbers. He said, you missing a big picture, young blood, that plane with those people are going somewhere while we're here stuck. The big picture is this, that plane with those people going somewhere, that's life passing us by while we're behind these walls stuck. Ever since that day, that sparked something in my mind that made me know I had to make a change. Growing up, I was always a good, small kid. Some would say I was a little small for my own good, little too small for my own good, excuse me. I had dreams of becoming an architect or archaeologist. Currently I'm working at the Fortune Society, which is a reentry program and I work with people as a case manager that are high risk for recidivism. So I connect them with the services that they need once they're released from jail and prison so they can make a positive transition back into society. If I was to see my 15 year old self today, I would sit down and talk to him and try to educate him. And I would let him know. Listen. Listen to me. I'm you. This is us. We are one. Everything that you're about to do, I know what you're going to do before you do it because I already did it. And I would encourage him not to hang out with X, Y, and Z people. I would tell him not to be in such and such place. I would tell him, keep your behind in school, man, because that's what you need to be because that's what's going to get you somewhere in life. This is the message that we should be sharing with our young men and young women. We shouldn't be treating them as adults and putting them in cultures of violence that are nearly impossible for them to escape. Thank you. Thank you.