 During the peak of coronavirus pandemic in Sri Lanka, that is mid-2020, I came up with a surprising way to fill my life with bliss and grace. A magical mantra was nurturing in the garden of my mind. It felt like all good thoughts that I have planted in my mind has begun to blossom into something beautiful. This magical mantra was like a magic pill for all perceived suffering, which not only affected my life, but everyone else connected to me. 38 years of my life, I went on a self-seeking journey finding who am I. I went through a conscious dying process, letting go of everything attached to my name. Well established career as a coach, a charty consultant, hypnotherapist, energy healer, intimate relationships, attachment to family, 12 years of well established business. So what was this magical mantra that transformed my life for better? Thank you, with the two simple words that filled the space between my ears, like a music in my head. This was experienced profoundly during the pandemic as everyone connected to me was filled with fear, undoubt and anxiety and I had to do something different. The first thought came to my mind first thing in the morning as I woke up was thank you. And the last thought occupied my mind when I went to sleep at night was thank you. I was thinking thank you when I ate, when I drank, when I worked, when I walked, set silently, when I consumed every man-made material. It was like a music in my mind. Sometimes I said the word thank you loudly even to inanimate objects like sun and the moon and the stars, birds, butterflies, trees, little creatures in the garden as if I was great in them. When you say thank you, it creates a harmony between you and the external condition and observation. It helps you to bring your attention in words. It may be initially just a word running in your head without a true feeling of gratitude in your heart. A word is a sound and a sound is a vibration and vibration creates energy. So when you keep thinking thank you after a while that energy starts penetrating into a heart center and the rest of the body. We cannot do much about trouble times and conditions in life but we certainly can do something to calm ourselves during trouble times. Human mind is like water. If it gets extracted by external conditions it creates movements and you cannot see the depth. This magical mantra thank you and the true feeling of gratitude in your heart can help you deal with any life situation, peacefully, joyfully and blissfully. May all beings be well, happy, free from all suffering and be enlightened. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.