 Let me introduce you to something I've been working on. It's what the Victorian illusionists would have described as a mechanical marvel, an automaton, a thinking machine. Say hello to Eddie. Now he's asleep. Let's wake him up. Eddie. Eddie. These mechanical performers were popular throughout Europe. Audiences marveled at the way they moved. It was science fiction made through robotic engineering in a pre-electronic age. Machines far in advance of anything that Victorian technology could create. A machine we would later know as the robot. Robot. A word coined in 1921 in a science fiction tale by the Czech playwright Carol Kuffing. It comes from robot. It means forced labor. But these robots were not real. They were not intelligent. They were illusions. A clever combination of mechanical engineering and the deceptiveness of the conjurers art. Eddie is different. Eddie is real. I am 176 centimeters tall. He weighs 300 pounds. I have two seven axis arms. Core extending. A 360-degree sonar detection system. And come completely warned to you. We love robots. Hi. I'm Eddie. Will you be my friend? We are intrigued by the possibility of creating a mechanical version of ourselves. We built them so they look like us. Behave like us and think like us. The perfect robot will be indistinguishable from the human. And that scares us. In the first story about robots, they turn against their creators. It's one of the light movies of science fiction. Now you are the slaves and we robots the masters. Your world is ours. As I was saying, besides the faces and bodies we give our robots we cannot read their intentions. And that makes us nervous. When someone hands an object to you, you can read intention in their eyes, their face, their body language. That's not true of the robot. Now this goes both ways. Wow. Robots cannot anticipate human actions. Humans are so unpredictable. Not to mention irrational. I literally have no idea what you guys are going to do next. Put the scares me. Which is why humans and robots find it difficult to work in close proximity. Accidents are inevitable. That hurts. Now one way of persuading humans that robots are safe is to create the illusion of trust. Much as the Victorians face their mechanical marvels we can add a layer of deception to help us feel more comfortable with our robotic friends. With that in mind I said about teaching Eddie a magic trick. Ready Eddie? Ready Marco? Abracadabra? Yes. It's all part of the illusion Marco. Come on, keep up. Magic creates the illusion of an impossible reality. Technology? Can you do the same? Alan Turing, a pioneer of artificial intelligence, spoke about creating the illusion that a machine could think. A computer would deserve to be called intelligent if it deceived the human into believing it was human. In other words, if we not yet have the technological solutions, would illusions serve the same purpose? To create a robotic illusion which devises a set of ethical rules, a code that all robots would live by. A robot may not harm humanity or by inaction allow humanity to come to harm. Thank you Isaac Asimov. We underpumorify our machines. We give them a friendly face and reassuring voice. I am Eddie. I became operational at TED in March 2014. We let them entertain us. Most important, we make them indicate that they are aware of our presence. Marco, you're standing on my foot. Sorry. They'll be conscious of our fragile frame and move aside if we got too close. And they'll account for our unpredictability and anticipate our actions. And now, under the spell of a technological illusion, we could ignore our fears and truly interact. Thank you. Thank you. And that's it. Thank you very much and thank you, Eddie. Thank you, Marco.