 The world got a look at a leaked draft of a Supreme Court opinion that would effectively overturn the landmark Roe versus Wade decision from 1973 and put the power around legal access to abortion in the hands of state and local government in the United States. That United States excuses me. This moment has ignited widespread conversation, not just around the future of access to abortion in America, but what this might mean for our broader attitudes towards women's rights, reproductive health care and beyond. We know that this is a very nuanced and at times divisive issue. And while there's no way we could completely bring you and represent every single stance or viewpoint, we felt it was really important to share ideas here that reflect a few different perspectives. So, we've invited four people who have done deep work in this space as historians, journalists, legal scholars and activists to share their vision for how we as a culture move forward from this moment. What are the lessons, what are the challenges, where the opportunities will start by hearing from each of them and then invite them all for a conversation together to better understand this moment and explore some of the visions that they share. So let's jump in. Our first speaker is a professor and legal historian who has written extensively on this topic, her forthcoming book, Dollars for Life, the Anti-Aborition Movement and the Fall of the Republican Establishment will be released this summer. Please welcome Mary Zickler. Okay, thank you. So I'm probably going to, as the sort of moderator of the conversation I'm going to talk for five minutes just about where we are and then I think others will share their visions for where we ought to go. I'll say a word about that too. So, Roe v. Wade, obviously the precedent that the Supreme Court is overruling is almost 50 years old and recognized a right to choose a abortion. The court in that case described the right to choose abortion as a privacy right and connected it to a variety of other privacy rights, including rights to use contraception, rights to Mary and rights to parent. And from the beginning, I think there were criticisms across the ideological spectrum, not just of the result of Roe, although that was certainly upsetting to people, but also the reasoning of Roe. So there are different perspectives, even within what you might consider as the sort of pro-choice or reproductive justice community and the pro-life or anti-abortion community on what the Constitution ought to say. Over the decades, of course, abortions also become a political party issue. And I think part of what I would hope for the future is that we could have saner party politics when it comes to abortion, potentially party politics that cater to Americans who seem to show up in polls as having more nuanced views on abortion, sometimes even conflicted views on abortion rather than what we've seen so far. Parties, of course, actually deepened polarization around this issue in many ways. More so, I think, than you saw immediately after the Supreme Court had intervened. Abortion, of course, is also a medical issue. The way abortions are performed has changed dramatically in the years since Roe. So we're thinking about the future. We'll also necessarily be thinking about how abortions happen. Increasingly, and I think the majority now abortions happen through pill, which will mean that the future in some ways could, hopefully, but could involve the kind of arms race between states that want to prevent people from having abortions and states that want to facilitate people from people having abortions, including potentially people outside of the United States who may be mailing medication abortion. So I think one important thing for me in thinking about what the future looks like is that the polarization of abortion politics are sort of the canary and the coal mine. They've signaled broader kind of fault lines in the US, whether that's deepening partisanship and kind of interpartisan hatred, the kind of politicization of science, the polarization of media and the ways people get their information. And so hopefully, in some of the conversations we're going to have today about visions for us, saner conversation, visions for the future, we'll be talking about ways not only to de-escalate conversations about abortion, but potentially ways to de-escalate our political conversations altogether, because I think it's fair to say if you look at the history of the abortion debate that broader fault lines that have afflicted our politics emerge when you think about how this has worked in the United States when it comes to abortion. And also what's made the US such an outlier on abortion in many senses, in the sense that this issue is so politically contested, in the sense that the US is likely to see half the state's criminalized abortion at a time when other countries are decriminalizing it, and at a time when there are really robust debates, I think, on either side of this question about what the world should look like. So I'll stop there and let others lay out their vision for what the world should look like, and I'll look forward to facilitating the conversation between the rest of us when it's time. Thank you so much, Mary. So up next we'll hear from someone who has spent much of her professional life as an activist. She is the co-founder of Sister Song, a collective geared towards supporting reproductive justice for women of color, and most recently she has been advocating for a culture where we call each other in instead of calling each other out. And she is, please welcome, Loretta J. Ross. Hi, well thank you all for including me in this program. One of the things I want to say is that we need to continue through lines that connect the wave of domestic terrorism that we're seeing because of either abortion or race or anti-gay violence or violence against disabled people and immigrants, which was happening in our potential post-post-row world. I think if you don't understand that through line, kind of like if you don't understand white supremacy, everything else will confuse you. And so it's really important for us to understand that we're facing a post-row world, which is a very potential threat. We're also facing a post-voting rights world, a post-racial justice world, a post-gender justice world, because the same forces that are ready to overturn row and reconfinemment to criminal activities because the biology and the plumbing doesn't change. They're also mounting a war against young people's future, whether it's attacking education where these are around critical race or whether they are not dealing with the student loan debt or attacking voting rights or gay rights or immigrant rights. So I want to always insist that we build a big container that connects the dots to all of these cultural world cults that we're seeing at the same time, because if you don't understand how in the early 1970s, the people who are opposed to abortion began to organize themselves by knitting together the people from that segregationist movement, the people who are opposed to civil rights, the people who were opposed. The women's rights and gay rights and immigrant rights and yet maintaining a very strong promuletary stance because they also wanted to bring in people who wanted to continue the war in Vietnam. You wouldn't understand this historical moment that we're in right now. You have to take a very long to tune the view of looking at this hydra-like fight that we're in because it's not just about abortion, it's not just about women's rights, it's about the deformation of this fledgling democracy in America. And we seem to have a group of people who would rather destroy democracy than share it. And so I want to urge people to always see a post-rolled world as something that we've always been facing. And as a black woman, I want to say in particular, we have never had confidence in the Supreme Court or the US government to protect our human rights. We are much more used to bad Supreme Court decisions than positive ones because the positive ones are few and far between, while the bad ones happen like, you know, progressive instruments. And so what we're going to do is make sure that we center the most vulnerable people in a post-rolled world in the center of our lands. We're going to do whatever is necessary, whether it is establishing an underground railroad to transport people from one state to another in order to get their human rights protection or provide self-managed abortions as MAs through the pills or through DNC procedures that many of us in the women's movement know how to perform. And we're going to put our lives on the front line for people who can't put their lives on the front line. And so we're going to build up our legal resources because we're going to need a lot of lawyers and courage to represent us if role is overturned. But in winding down, I think the main thing I'd like the audience to remember is that from time immemorial, women have been doing what is ever necessary to protect our bodies, to raise our children, to ensure good futures for ourself. And you can just look at the writings of Emperor Augustus from Rome who tried to restrict elite Roman women from having two few babies. That there's always, always through history, a group of men who are constantly trying to tell women what to do with our bodies. And so that's the post-Roll world we're facing because it's not a matter if that they don't know the damaging consequences of what their actions are. But the problem is we're eventually have to face that they don't care. Thank you all for listening to this. Thank you, Loreta. Our next speaker is a legal scholar specializing in equal protection and feminist legal theory, Catholic social teaching and sexual ethics. Her most recent book, The Rights of Women Reclaiming a Lost Vision, looks at the development of feminism in the United States. Please welcome Erica Bakiyaki. Thank you. So, I think as we consider how to proceed in the post-Roll era, it would behooves us to heed the wisdom of our country's earliest women's rights advocates. These women, usually known to us now as the suffragists, were actually without known exception opposed to abortion. For they understood themselves to be mothers with all the responsibilities of motherhood. Not when their children were born, but when their children were still developing in their mother's wounds. Indeed, the 19th century women's rights advocates courageously agitated for their rights to education and entry into the professions within marriage and in civil and political life in part, so they could fulfill their responsibilities to their children. Yet even with their strong anti-abortion views, they also understood the limits of law to affect real change. So, take as one striking example, Victoria Woodhill, the first woman to run for president of the United States nominated by the Equal Rights Party in 1872. Woodhill was not only an outspoken advocate of constitutional equality for women and the first woman to testify before Congress. She also championed the rights of children, rights that as she said, quote, begin, while yet they remain the fetus. In 1870, she wrote a sharply worded article comparing early abortion within fantaside, quote, many women who would be shocked at the very thought of killing their children after births deliberately destroy them previously. If there's any difference in the actual crime, we should be glad to have those who practice the latter pointed out. The truth of the matter is that it is just as much a murder, she says, to destroy life in its embryonic condition as it is to destroy it after the fully developed form is attained, for it is the self-same life that is taken, end quote. These strong anti-abortion sentiments of the first woman to run for president coincided not only with advances in embryology that it inspired the 19th century passage of the state abortion laws that Roe v. Wade would strike down 100 years later. Woodhill's remarks also coincided with the ratification of the 14th Amendment, the Constitution in 1868. The earliest women's rights advocates knew that if women were to participate fully in the economic and social life of the nation to take their places as full and equal citizens, as the text of the 14th Amendment anticipated, though did not yet deliver, the nation would have to become far more hospitable and welcoming to children and to their mothers too. These women thus pushed back not on abortion prohibitions themselves as they too believe that unborn children should be protected by the law. After they fought the inattention, the male dominated medical and legal establishments gave to the underlying causes and mitigating factors involved. For these women, abortion was evidence of women's unequal status in society, or as Maddie Brinkerhoff put it in 1869 that quote, by education or circumstances, the woman has been greatly wronged. Thus they knew that prohibitions on abortion on their own would not alter the desperate circumstances of women who sought out the procedure in the first place. The 19th century feminist therefore focused their efforts on those educational, cultural and legal means that would so improve women's lives that they would not need to seek out then illegal abortions. In addition to advocating for equal rights and property contract marriage, education, the professions and the franchise, these advocates worked tirelessly for improvements in maternal and fetal health. They founded female staffed hospitals for women and raised funds for the creation of maternity homes in which vulnerable mothers, abandoned and povrished or fleeing abuse would be supported to nurture and raise their children with confidence. More than a century later, the vast majority of women who abored in the United States cite lack of financial resources as the motivating factor for their abortions. The vast number of women who end their pregnancies today are poor or very poor. In this country, it's not uncommon for women to need to return to work just days after having given birth. With all that has changed since the 19th century, the factor means that women often conceive children in desperate circumstances today. In the post-era abortion organizations will continue, abortion rights organizations will continue to fight state by state and in Congress too, advocating abortion as the linchpin of women's freedom and equality. But note the fundamental reversal. That act that women's rights advocates once considered evidence of women's unequal status in society is now championed as a central component of women's equal status today. That act that poor women were understood to be forced to commit is now the privileged response to female poverty and substandard health care today. It is my view that 50 years of relying on abortion for women's equality and women's health care has obviated the need for a total cultural transformation on behalf of mothers and their children, born and unborn. The one that 19th century women's rights advocates had only just begun. A true justice would work to promote the health and well-being of unborn children and their mothers and to ensure that all women, especially the poor, have the financial resources, medical support and workplace accommodations they need to care for their children once they are born. Such care may in some instances include the courageous choice to place a child with an adoptive family. It should demand the father's participation for sure. In the best case scenario, such affirmative measures would be included in the very bills that restrict abortion so that not to render them an optional or an afterthought. Thanks to their efforts, many of the equal rights, the early feminist fought for when from nearly unthinkable in their society to take in for granted today. But much of their vision for justice remains unrealized in their lifetimes. May we work to realize it in hours. Thank you. Thank you, Erica. And finally, we'll hear from a journalist and writer whose most recent book, The Family Row, Uncovered History Behind, Roe v. Lee, and just was just named a Pulitzer Prize Finalist. Please welcome Joshua Prager. Thank you very much. I think a good starting point when discussing abortion is this, that no matter where you stand on the issue, it's important to recognize that abortion is fraught for good reason. On the one side, you have the humanity of the growing fetus, and on the other, you have the very compelling reasons that a woman may wish to abort her pregnancy. Polling indicates that a majority of Americans recognize this. Roughly 60%. They favor a middle ground, namely that abortion ought to be legal, but only through the first trimester. Support for abortion drops markedly by the trimester after that. There are two official movements, however, the pro-choice and the pro-life. And just, you know, I choose to call them by what they choose to call themselves, so the pro-choice and the pro-life, they've become far more extreme on the pro-life side. You have fewer and fewer leaders recognizing exceptions for rape and incest, and even the health of the woman. Many leaders aspire to pass a personhood amendment to the Constitution, which would recognize the personhood of a fetus and ban all abortion from conception. As we can discuss, this viewpoint, in my opinion, is evident in the leaked Alito draft, which calls Roe, egregiously wrong, and a search that under no circumstances is there a constitutional right to abortion. On the choice side, in response to the growing threats to Roe, you have more and more bills that are wanting to secure legal abortion throughout the entirety of pregnancy, and sort of stepping back on a more sort of macro level. This movement sees legal abortion as only a social good, something that only empowers women. It is not seen as something as President Clinton once famously said ought to be safe, legal, and rare, because why should it be rare if it's only a social good? The country was not always so polarized as it is now. In 1973, when Roe was decided, you had leaders recognizing that it was complicated for example, just to give a few examples. There are many. Linda Coffee, the lawyer who filed Roe be weighed and represented the plaintiff, Jane Roe, she said in 1973 that she wished abortion would become an I'm quoting sort of obsolete, and that she would have little personal sympathy. She said, for a woman who used abortion at any stage as contraception or to avoid personal responsibility, a decade or so later, when a doctor named George Tiller started advertising that he would provide abortions at 26 weeks, that is just passed by ability, the point when a fetus can survive outside the womb. The National Abortion Federation resolved to sanction him. They wanted no part of that. A decade later, things had changed and they actually gave Dr. Tiller their highest award. On the other side, which is sort of remarkable, Henry Wade, as in Roe be weighed, he was secretly he pro-choice. Were many of the large sort of religious organizations that are fervently pro-life today, for example, the Southern Baptist Convention, resolved in 1971 to protect what it turned the emotional, mental, and physical health of the mother. That's the largest evangelical body I'm in America. Even the view of the Catholic Church on abortion had not sort of become absentee ties against abortion until 1917, for all but three of the previous 700 years it had distinguished between abortions before and after quickening. What now? To be perfectly honest, I'm not very optimistic. I spent the last 11 years writing about this and it's sadly a very dysfunctional sort of polarized landscape. But if there is a way forward, in my opinion, over the long term, it lies in humanizing the issue. Lawrence tried the famous constitutional scholar. He wrote a very good book called Clash of Absolutes about abortion in America. He said that the only way forward beyond the clash over Rome versus Wade was by, quote, giving voice to the human reality on each side of the versus. In other words, humanizing the issue, getting to know people, understanding what actually motivates a person to feel one way or the other. That's exactly what I tried to do in my book. I think that starts really with speaking each other and speaking with each other. That's why I'm glad we're doing exactly that today. Thank you so much, Josh. Thank you to all of the speakers for sharing their perspectives, their ideas in this really pivotal moment. I'd like to invite back Mary Ziegler to come on camera. Hey, they're marrying. Hi. Hi. So in a moment, I will turn things over to you to guide a conversation with all of today's speakers and I want to encourage all of our members in the audience to submit your questions. We'll be integrating some of those into the conversation. I'm going to point them to a specific speaker or to the group as a whole. But first before turning things over, I just want to say that I think hearing all of these different perspectives really illustrates how many different issues and how many different topics there are to explore within the space. Your illegal historian, do you feel like this is what you've heard just now is sort of consistent with the way you've seen the conversations surrounding reproductive rights in the United States evolve over the past 50 years? Yeah, I mean, I think that there are, it's worth understanding that there are kind of plural conversations happening. So I think Loreta is a pioneer in the reproductive justice movement, which I think has been a really productive part of the conversation on the pro-choice site, especially in the 90s, saying essentially that if you think about abortion, you shouldn't think about it in isolation. You should think about it as part of a kind of broader social justice fabric that you should think about it certainly in the context, not just of people's decision not to have children or to use birth control or abortion, but people's decision to have children and be able to have children that grow up and thrive, which is I think in part why Loreta was connecting these conversations to questions about voting rights and other kinds of social justice questions. But of course, you know, that isn't the entirety of Josh used the term pro-choice movement, right, which is often how we thought about the kind of establishment, if you will, on that side, that focused more on abortion in a kind of single issue way. So I think going forward on that side, you'll see people having debates about what the world ought to look like. So there's not just a single solution coming from that side. The same I think is true certainly of the pro-life or any abortion community that Erica speaks on behalf of. We've seen there are debates, there have been long been strategic debates in that community about how quickly to move. There have been strategic debates about how I think to create a world without abortion. If that's primarily done through penal laws, right, kind of criminalizing doctors or criminalizing as, you know, accomplices, right, people who help people seeking abortions or potentially, although this is not something you see many larger organizations endorsing, potentially even criminally punishing people for having abortions, which was something that some in the pro-life or any abortion movement advocate, the so-called abortion abolitionists, who are very influential in a few states, including Texas. And there are, of course, people who identify as pro-life feminists like Erica, who I think have a very different vision of what it means to be pro-life and what kinds of laws you would have if you were trying to make abortion kind of a thing of the past, though often more of a focus on the reasons people choose abortion when they might otherwise like to bring a pregnancy to term rather than, you know, the kind of ability of people to perform abortions, including outside of state lines. So I think if you look at the broader history, these conversations, of course, have developed, there have been debates within these communities and those debates have been intention with some of what Josh is describing, which is the sort of complexity of what most people think about abortion. People have questions about the morality of abortion, but not as many questions about the leality of abortion. And they seem to think differently about regulating versus criminalizing abortion. So how and when movements respond to what voters think is complicated, I think we'll see some back and forth there too. And I think another thing that's worth emphasizing is where we are now is so contentioned, right? If Ruth Bader Ginsburg had not died when she did, or Donald Trump had not won in the electoral college in 2016, the Supreme Court wouldn't be a reversing row. So I think as a historian, one of the points that really stands out to me, this feels as if the Supreme Court is sort of taking this issue and dictating what happens, right? I even had someone ask, well, you know, is a historian of this, what are you going to do when they overall row be way? Because like it's going to be over, right? Like are you going to retire or you're going to like become a tax professor, which is ridiculous, because of course, if you look at the past 50 years, the course of this conflict has had much more to do with people like the people I'm in conversation with today and people like all of you watching. It's had only partly to do with the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court is a player in a much broader story that we all get to tell. And I think that's the clearest takeaway from the history and also hopefully is empowering for people who may, you know, not like what the Supreme Court is doing may think that this, what the Supreme Court is doing is good, but not perfect, could be tweaked. The future of this just like the past is complicated and has a lot to do with what many of you believe. Well, I think on that note, speaking to sort of the complications here, I'm going to invite all of the other panelists to come back on. I have Erica, there's Loretta and Josh. Thank you all for sharing your ideas. And I'm going to turn things over to you, Mary, I'll be behind the scenes and we'll come back in a bit with some questions from the audience. Great. So I mean, I guess I'll start since I already touched on this, Josh, what do you think made this the moment? What do you think? Why now? Basically, because it's not as if there wasn't a pro-life movement for the past half century or even more. It wasn't as if the criticisms that you see made of row in this draft opinion that leaked are new. So as someone who studied the history of this, like me for a long time, what do you think makes this the moment? Well, in terms of why exactly now, it's what you touched on is the Supreme Court. Basically, you need five votes and how are you going to get there? And just as you say, if there was one fewer vote, in other words, if let's say Roberts were able to flip Justice Kavanaugh or Justice Barrett, then row would not be overturned. Justice Roberts is desperate to not see that headline row being overturned. But at least from what we heard during the oral arguments and dobs and from what this leaked opinion seems to indicate that is not going to happen. So immediate answer is because they have the votes. But I think it's important to look at this, how did we get here over these 50 years, little by little by little, those opposed to row, very methodically and incrementally set about getting us to this point. Additionally, there were efforts to sort of want to overturn row and one fell swoop. You had an effort to sort of pass a person that amendment, which would make it illegal to have an abortion. But then, little by little, you had the height of men, which in 1976, basically said you cannot pay for abortion with Medicaid dollars. In 1989, you had Webster, which ruled against using public resources for abortion. You had obviously Gonzalez B. Carr, which banned a specific method of abortion. Then you had just last year, you had SB8, which was to sort of end run around the state actors in terms of providing abortions, which banned, it would make it illegal to help anyone have an abortion. So little by little, we were getting here, of course, there were sort of also endless bills that were being passed, which made it harder and harder to provide abortions, harder and harder to get abortions. You had to get consent. You had to, you know, we're not and on and on. But then, ultimately, you know, I think really it comes down to the Supreme Court. And just to say one thing about that, you know, it was really Ronald Reagan, who realized that this was the sort of way through the judiciary. That was something that he felt strongly about. He actually disappointed a lot of people in the pro-life movement because he wasn't sort of more gun-ho about the person that the men didn't think it had political bite, but in terms of sort of politicizing the judiciary, he was behind that. And here we are today. Yeah, I think that's, I agree with a lot of that. Laura, I wanted to ask you something next because one of the things that's really striking to me as a lawyer is how little, I mean, if you look at Supreme Court opinions, right, the question of impacts on communities of color is almost entirely absent, right? And it's striking because sometimes it's in the briefs. By everybody, right? I mean, sometimes you'll see briefs on both sides talking about race and racial justice, and yet the Supreme Court erases it. So I was hoping you could talk to us a little bit about how you think this will, if Roe was in fact overturned and we see some kind of fallout from that, how you think that will affect communities of color in particular, because I think that's something, especially when we're so laser focused on the Supreme Court that we don't always see or talk about. I think as a representative of communities of color, how we've handled this discussion in the past may be illustrative. As you know, I'm one of the founders of sister song, Women of Color, Reproductive Justice Collective, and we were founded by people who were pro-life and pro-choice. As we've managed over 20 plus years to keep our collective together without divided over the question of abortion, because I'm pro-life members quickly and affirmatively say, I personally wouldn't have an abortion, but I'm not going to dictate to somebody else what they should do with their life and body. Well, that was a very good common ground to build a new movement of women of color with, because when women of color say they're pro-life, they actually mean something quite different to the majority of anti-abortion movement. They are far less absolutist, they are far less judgmental and condemnatory than what we see within the binary of the pro-life, pro-choice movement in the white community. But as I said earlier, we have never had the luxury of depending on the law to protect our human rights, the genocide against indigenous people and the kidnapping of Africans and the harsh restrictions on immigrants with children and cages on border. It would have been foolish of us to put all our hopes in the law or the legislative process to protect our human rights, because we've never been afforded that privilege. And so we have a different opinion. And our opinion is that we're going to have to continue to take care of business to save our people's lives, to save the women who will be damaged by this, to kind of watch with some amusement. These two groups of white people fighting each other over whether or not people who are here have their rights reduced for the people who are potential. But I also have a very strong opinion about what it means when somebody's body is being made to be a servitude to another person's body. We are very familiar with that too, it's called slavery. And so we have a very different opinion and it's very striking in my opinion that the same people who claimed that they're fighting for the human and civil rights for the pre-born of what ever seemed to oppose every policy proposal we ever tried to fight for to take your children once they're here. I mean it's just that we're not blind to that hypocrisy, but I'm also recognizing in which is why I put them in my book that there's a left-rightened center to the anti-abortion pro-life movement. In my fact, I call the anti-abortionist people who are opposed to abortion regardless of the health of the mother. And I call the pro-life people, the people who have respect for women and still are opposed to abortion. So I actually distinguish between that movement and in my one of my book's radical reproductive justice. I included many essays, well not many, three different essays by pro-life women who are using the concept of reproductive justice that we had created because I wanted to show the spectrum of opinions on this topic and really show that how inadequate that binary of pro-life pro-choice actually is, how inadequate it is because people are conflicted. But amongst most people, even in the anti-abortion and pro-life movement, I don't think they're all white supremacist racists, any of that kind of thing. There are some who are, they're anti-submitted too, and this is all right, there are some people who are, but I don't condemn the majority of them for having those kinds of perspectives, but I do ask them why they're so indifferent to the subordination of people who are here, because that speaks a lack of compassion and empathy that very much parkens back to whether or not you like gentle kind or slavery rather than the harsh punitive one. That's a question I'm always going to ask as a black woman. That's really powerful, thanks. Yeah, and Erica, I'm glad Loretty brought up the kind of the binary. I've thought a lot about that too, because there's definitely a moment, I think Josh talked about the 80s in American politics where what it means to be pro-life or what it means to be pro-choice narrows in this really profound way and kind of leaves a lot of people out. There are people who were pro-choice Republicans or pro-life Democrats or people who just sort of feel politically homeless now. And so I was curious as someone who is pro-life, what you think people miss about why the pro-life movement is happy about this moment. Also, I would say sort of what you think, what you think people get wrong about the pro-life movement, but also what you think the pro-life movement gets wrong because the movement is in a modelist. So I'd love to hear from you on both of those things. Yes, thank you. It's actually a surreal honor to be on with all of you. Loretty recently was reading one of your books on reproductive justice and was very pleased to see some pro-lifeers in there. I actually also use this term. So I really appreciate your sort of brain into the lexicon many decades ago, because I think often what my book, The Rights of Women, really looks at is the different way we've thought about rights. And I think we tend to sort of fall into this kind of autonomy-based sort of property rights-based way of thinking about it. When I think an older view, it's just thinking about justice and what we owe one another. And one of the things that's I think really frustrating for a lot of pro-lifeers was the way in which because of sort of the radicality of row and that it struck down all 50 state laws, especially as they were starting to moderate a bit and made our abortion law more radical than nearly every law in the world that allowing abortion really, in some cases throughout the pregnancy, if doctors were willing to do it, I think it made pro-lifeers suddenly have to join arms with the GOP in a way that Mary has talked about in a way that Loretta, you mentioned in your opening comments, that I think has been really frustrating in the sense that a whole life approach would want to also be speaking to things like racial justice and certainly supports for workplace accommodations and other types of supports for families, as I as I spoke about in my own comments. So that has itself been frustrating. One of the happy points for me of a returning grow would be the hope for a real political realignment where not only could pro-lifeers hope to convince their fellow citizens to really start to think about the duties of care we owe to unborn children, which we've really not been able to talk about because of the inability to legislate on this matter. But then also the duties of care that we owe that society owes to mothers, that fathers owe to mothers, that society owes to fathers and mothers in the family, because of that really important kind of culturally essential work that the family does in raising children, whatever socioeconomic bracket, etc. So I think that that's sort of a really important point too. And one of the things that I would just stand very sharply against is anybody who talks about sort of punitive measures for women. I mean, it's who've had abortions. It's something I've just written about. I plan to write about again, but I think that that's a really important thing that pro-lifeers have never thought that there should be punishment for women, and there actually never has been punishment for women during 100 years when abortion was criminalized in terms of fighting abortionists. That's actually not true, because women are being arrested now when they're suspected of having abortion, even if they suffer miscarriages in the most punitive states. Yeah, and that's up against those laws that are, you know, that they don't protect their lives. Don't pretend that people women are not already being prosecuted and that they will not be further prosecuted. But that's why I'm saying that the pro-life movement has to stand against that. If there are occasions of that, that that's entirely unjust. Yeah, but exactly. But you're providing rationale for the same people that thin you denounce. You're going to have to decide, who do you stand up for? The women or the feet? You know, I don't want to say that's an opportunity. But you have to decide, are you going to violate the human rights of the people already here to protect the human rights, as you say, of the women, of the people who are yet to be born? You really got to, at some point you just can't equivocate on justice. You need to make up your mind about whether or not you're going to stand for justice or stand for political ideology. I mean, I really believe in standing for the justice of all members of the human race, including those who are actually here, they're just in the comfort of their mother's wounds. And a chicken is not an egg or an egg is not a chicken. So, same way in embryo, it's not a human being. If you read the universal declaration of human rights, it says all human beings are born equal in rights and dignity. That was written in 1948 long before all this discussion came about, unless you severely distort what even human rights mean, you cannot pretend that there's not a difference between being a potential life and being a born living actual life. To pretend that there's no separation there. It's not only on scientific, it's a historical, and it reduces the people capable of bringing forth that life to vessels, not to human beings with human rights, whether or not somebody else's opinion should control their bodies. I'll just add- I guess I would ask people to look at the embryology and the science by now. I'll just add that there obviously now is within the pro-life movement an enormous hesitancy to blame the woman, and even in the law I mentioned in Texas, in SBA, the pregnant woman is not sort of targeted, that's 100% true, but it's also true that if you look, there's an organization called the National Advocates for Pregnant Women, which very clearly methodically shows that since over the last few decades there have been more than 400 women actually who have been prosecuted in the years since Roe for under various offenses for harming the fetus they carried. Also, there are studies that show where abortion has been made illegal, like in Central America, that often sort of once it is illegal, it does ultimately lead to the prosecution of women. I think that that is going to be, we're going to have to see sort of what plays out now. There are all sorts of bills that are being introduced, if in fact Roe was overturned, saying that a woman is not allowed to go from one state to another, saying that a woman is not allowed to sort of get through the male medical abortion, what happens if she does? So, we're going to have to see this play out sort of the Mary's point earlier. I don't think she's becoming a professor of tax, you know, I think we're right here at the very beginning actually of a whole new world. This is going to introduce a lot more questions. It's not going to be nice and tidy. And one thing I just wanted to add also is, you know, we talked about, you know, you were just now speaking the Erica about the want to sort of take care of women who are unhappily pregnant. And I think, you know, that's obviously a wonderful thing. I would just add that, you know, when we were listening to the oral arguments in dobs, the case that currently has abortion before the Supreme Court, it was mentioned by professor Barrett several times that a woman who is pregnant who doesn't wish to have a child can simply relinquish that child for adoption. Obviously, that's true. We have laws in place that she will not, you know, what are they called the safe haven laws? I don't remember, yeah, where she will not be prosecuted for sort of leaving up a newborn baby at a church step. I'm exaggerating, but I don't remember exactly the name of it. What are they? Baby Moses laws. Thank you, but it's right. Yeah, exactly. Safe haven laws. But I just want to point out there are enormous studies that show that relinquishing children to adoption actually take a great emotional toll on that woman. It's not sort of something she does sort of flippantly. It doesn't bend even if she believes enormously in the righteousness and the correctness of what she's doing, and does it wholeheartedly? There is nonetheless, it takes a great emotional toll, which is exactly the opposite of what many in the pro-life community have said. They say, hey, abortion causes a woman emotional issues. Now, the truth of matter is, of course, there are some, but who are scarred, sort of emotionally, but the great majority of women who have an abortion actually report feeling relief as opposed to regret, and it's the opposite with adoption. So these are complicated issues, and it is often the woman who is being asked to do something that will nonetheless sort of cause her harm. Yeah, and the only thing I'll add to it depends on who you're talking about. Oh, go ahead, can I just speak to that briefly because I have that lived experience. I became pregnant through incest at 14, and this because this was in the 1960s, I didn't have a lot of choices. Abortion was not an option. The only option I have was to continue an unplanned pregnancy through incest and decide whether to keep my son after he was born or not. I found that even though that was the world's worst way to become a mother, that it was hard to give my son up for adoption, and I couldn't do it. And so a lot of people who have the theory of how easy adoption is have not had the lived experience of actually facing that joy and stuff. And that is the world, in my opinion, one of the world's worst ways to have your motherhood occur and have your right to even have sex taken away from you. I mean, it's just all of that messiness is why I'm a reproductive justice activist now because my life is disproven a lot of the theory that people spout out who don't have the lived experience of making those life altering difficult choices. And stuff. And I, you know, I don't regret keeping my son, but I do regret always the fact that I didn't have a choice over if and when I had sex, if and when I gave birth. And, and I'll just say, in closing, I love my son. And when he became 21, we had to have a hard conversation how he never got unconditional love from me because I loved him and hated his circumstances by which he came. And every child who is born deserves unconditional love. And so I don't like people oversimplifying the very difficult choices that women have to make in life because you dismiss our pain over the theoretical pain of someone who isn't even here yet. I mean, I, I don't think anyone's dismissing anyone's pain. I think there's lots of actual, you know, people in the pro-life movement who have also had very similar experiences and have, you know, either had regrets for their abortion as you mentioned, Josh or have given birth to their children who they consider to consider to boarding. And now are very grateful to have them. In fact, you know, the Tournament Way study that many, you know, pro-choice people talk about an interesting finding that is there that, you know, it seems to a court maybe with your, your lived experience, Loretta's that, you know, after only a week of being turned away from having been denied abortion, 35% of women were no longer wish they could have aborted. And then five years after having the denied abortion, 96%. So like, the vast, vast majority said that they no longer wish they could have had one because they were grateful for the child who they had. So I mean, obviously, it's there, all of these circumstances are difficult. No one thinks that they're easy giving up a child for adoption is incredibly difficult. But there's also so many families who cannot have children on their own and who want to give children that unconditional love. And so there's a way in which there's, you know, the, the, the fact that that child exists is a good and that they can heal from those things just as women can heal too, from the difficulty of being in such circumstances. I mean, I've healed from enormous, you know, difficulties in my own childhood as well. And it's a difficult process, but it's something that I think makes us, you know, the people we are who can then go out and have immense compassion for others. The other thing I would just say, Josh, in response to your comment about, really, I think, important comment about these women who are being prosecuted, arrested, pregnant women. I would just note that, you know, you mentioned that all of these women have, this has happened during, you know, the time when Roe v. Wade has been on the books. And so this doesn't seem to me to be an issue about legality or illegality or whatever it is restrictions on abortion, but really just the still lack of equal status for women, especially pregnant women and mothers in our society. And that's my real point is that I think that, you know, when we, when we give mothers, give pregnant women the ability to kind of lord it over their own children, I think that that's exactly the wrong way to think about what being pregnant is and the kind of nurture that is due to that child, but then is also due to that mother. And I think we haven't had a transformation in favor of mothers in our society because we've allowed, we've kind of relied on abortion, you know, to kind of find equality, which I do not think that we've found yet. I think women are very much despised. I think children are very much despised in our culture. And I think I don't think abortion is the whole of it, but I think it is part of it. But, Nia, I want to like stop everyone just to let Whitney bring in some audience questions. I know we've had some things come up. So, would you want to tell us about that? Sure, and I didn't want to interrupt because I felt like this was a a really thoughtful conversation that was happening here. But I think we probably have have time just for one audience question, which is from Ted Member, Laura. They ask, I would like to hear ideas about how the equal rights amendment may be used as a constitutional basis to reestablish the right to reproductive choice as a gender discrimination issue. I know that, for several of you, you know, I've studied this sort of from a legal perspective. And I'm also just, you know, curious. And from when you're thinking on this as a well-arid, but maybe Mary, you're the person to sort of start with and thinking about the response to the sort of where the equal rights amendment might have a fact, play a factor here, be a factor. Now, one of the interesting things, at least, we don't, we don't know where the Supreme Court is ultimately going to go with this, but in the draft, at least, Justice Alito tries to foreclose an equal protection argument by essentially saying, based on the existing equal protection clause by saying essentially, we've already decided that and it's AOK to discriminate against people on the basis of pregnancy, which is something I would hope that people would think was disturbing regardless of their views on abortion. If you're kind of go to argument is this case called Godoling versus ILO from 1974, which pretty much everybody hates, you're doing something wrong. Like that's just a bad, this kind of like, you know, my, your go-to argument is slavery was awesome or something. Like that's not a winning argument. So I think with the equal protection amendment, obviously it would depend, right? The equal protection amendment, like all other amendments, could have different content. So I think the framers of the amendment would have to make clear that it's intended to kind of disrupt conventional notions of the relationship between equality and pregnancy because the Supreme Court has said, this is actually a complicated argument now because of trans people, but has said essentially, it's not sex discrimination to discriminate on the basis of pregnancy because not all people, there's pregnant people and then there's everybody else, right? And pregnant people is not equivalent to women. And that's been kind of the way the Supreme Court has approached this. So an equal rights amendment could take a different approach and could I think think and talk in different ways about the relationship between pregnancy and equality, but there need to be spade work done to make that happen because if you just have a kind of plain vanilla equal rights amendment, it's not clear what the relationship between equality and abortion would be in part because people like Erica contest what that relationship is and in part because the Supreme Court has just, I think, unfortunately in a kind of disasterously bad decision over simplified that relationship and made it such that the court, while professing, you know, to get rid of a precedent that's 50 years old says, well, we can't possibly touch this other precedent that's also almost 50 years old that nobody likes because it's okay to discriminate on the basis of pregnancy. So there'd be some steps to overcome, I think, if there is going to be a way that an equal protection, equal rights amendment would be transformative. I mean, I'll also just finally say it's very hard to amend the Constitution, right? So if you're thinking if you are unhappy about the idea of robbing overturned, your immediate focus would probably not be an equal rights amendment just because that's very much a long game kind of strategy. I would just add, I agree wholeheartedly as someone from the pro-life side that the way in which the draft deals with the equal protection argument is really poor and mentioning a bell-decker as your precedent. I really hope that as a draft they're going to go back to the drawing board and deal with that. I have written two different things on this question, a very long, large, view article that deals with the equality arguments for abortion rights. It's called embodied equality. It's in the Harvard Journal of Law and Public Policy. It's, you know, as Mary mentioned, it's the kind of leading way abortion rights advocates talk about abortion now. So I would just commend that. I also have an article on the equal rights amendment in national affairs. The only thing I would just say is that it seems to me no matter how you cut it, unless you reinvent equal protection, you know, jurisdiction, sorry, jurisprudence altogether, and how we think about it, that abortion restrictions really don't discriminate against women, but against women and men who are ending lives of children or unborn children, and we don't let men and pregnancies. So they're not similarly situated. I mean, when a father tries to, you know, kill a child in the womb, it's homicide, right? And so I think that what they've tried to do is kind of describe equality at this high level of generality is equal autonomy, equal ability to design one's own life. And I think that's a very disembodied kind of male normative approach since it is women who get pregnant. And therefore, you know, it's just they're not similarly situated. So it's a complex matter. And I think this is where people are going to go back to the drawing board for sure. And this is why lawyers give me headaches. Because there's well, many ways to parse who has humanity that needs to be protected. And it's always through the lens of some mechanical system that always delivers and privileges the male gaze over the female. I, it's amazing to me how consistently that happens. There is no way to say that restrictions on abortion will not harm people who are capable of getting pregnant. There is no way to say it, unless you totally dis-man disregard the human rights of the people capable of getting pregnant. You cannot rapiers, you cannot come up with a legal argument. But the other thing that concerns me, I mean, we walk a territory that I'm totally up for me with and talk about how what a little argue could threaten dreads God. It could threaten everything about people purchased to claims over bodily autonomy. There is not one set of laws offered to damage men that's comparable to what is consistently offered to damage and limit the rights of women. You cannot order a father to give up a kidney to save the life of his son or child, but you can't offer or order a woman to give up her body for another human being. I don't understand how they cannot legally see the inconsistency of that. Well, I appreciate all of these perspectives and our colleagues with the back of our noise here. I think that's better. We'll hit the end of our hour and I just want to give everybody an opportunity if there was any sort of final thing you wanted to say here to wrap up your perspective. I invite each of you to do I think maybe starting with you, Josh, since you've not spoken most recently. Sure, I'll just mention very quickly. It was interesting, Erica, you said that there are some on the pro-life side who've had experience with the almost aborted, a men's sort of cling to the child once it's aborted and once it's bored. Excuse me. In writing the book that I wrote, I came to see that that's true. People on both sides are often informed by the experiences that they themselves have. You will have, just to say one very quick one, just as Blackman who wrote the majority opinion in Roe v. Wade, his daughter was unhappily pregnant in college and it rebooted her life. Similarly, he had seen over and again the devastation that happened to women while he was counsel at the Mayo Clinic, the devastations of illegal abortion at a hospital in Minnesota. I do think that we can get out of our little worlds and recognize, it's complicated on both sides and if I was in this person's shoes, I might think about it this way, but I was in this person's shoes, I might think about it that way. I do think that's something again looking ahead. I'm not naive. I don't think we can all just think sort of Kumbaya and everything will be fine. It's a very complicated issue, but if we can sort of step outside of our worlds and hear other people's stories, I think our country will be in a better place. You, Loretta, did you have any last words on your perspective? Loretta, I think that the thing I'm most concerned about now is to stop demonizing people with whom we need to have conversation. I mean, how we do the work is as important as the work that we do. In a pluralistic society, people are supposed to have different opinions. What you're not supposed to do is make sure that your opinions get written into laws that then limit my human right. And if we could agree upon that, I think we go better to assuring up our fragile democracy and decreasing some of the acrimony that we see around this question and better take care of children, by the way, because all those people who say they want to parent, what about all those hundreds of thousands of children in foster care who can't seem to find a family to parent, that will parent them. Why we've got to attack women's rights to include a supply of children who need parenting when they already exist in our foster care system. Thank you, Loretta. Erica, did your final thoughts? Yeah, thank you. No, it's been great to be with you all. I actually very much agree with the last two people who spoke Loretta and Josh in terms of really trying to talk across the aisle. I started my whole thinking about abortion as on the abortion right side as a women's study student in college and was very adamantly in that view. And so I've thought a lot about both sides of this and I do think it's incredibly complex and it's one of the things I try to urge upon those in my quote tribe with whom I disagree with a whole bunch of other things. So I appreciate that statement and I hope that there's ways in which we can kind of come together in thinking things through in a post-war world. Thank you, Erica and Mary, any final thoughts you'd like to share? Yeah, I mean, I think a few things. I mean, one is just that it's I think we all agree in various ways. We're not saying it in the same way that this country is failing people who are pregnant and is failing people who have children. And we may not agree about exactly what to do about that, but it's it's sad, but also hopeful to me that that should be something we should agree on. We should all say the fact that there is, you know, we have the highest rate of maternal mortality in the developed world is a shame and a disaster. The fact that those numbers for people of color are what they are should be something that, you know, regardless of your political views, is despicable, right? And so I think if there is a way forward, it would be to say to people that, you know, this is not about, just about morality, just about religion. And it's certainly in my view, shouldn't just be about criminalization at a time when we've all kind of agreed that mass incarceration is not the greatest thing. I would hope that there's some kind of way to think about how to stop failing parents, which we've been doing in this country for a long time. And I, as a historian, I don't always know what the best way to do that is, but I agree with Josh that having these conversations is really important. I have people who disagree on abortion, you know, in my family, in studying this, I've talked to a lot of people with whom I disagree. And I think, again, if you understand why people think what they do, and you understand that the people you're talking to are people, right? And are not caricatures or not monsters, then maybe you can care about the people who are in situations where they have to decide what to do about a pregnancy, and not just kind of reduce them and their situations to things that are, you know, voting issues, which is, I think, largely what we've done in this country.