 So 120 years ago, Dr. Ronnkin X-ray-D's worst hand, quite why he had to pin her fingers to the floor with her brooch, I'm not sure. It seems a bit extreme to me, but that image was the start of the X-ray technology and I'm still fundamentally using the same principles today, but I'm interpreting it in a more contemporary manner. The first shot I ever did was Alva Soda can, which was to promote a brand that we all know, so I'm not going to do them any favours by showing you it. But the second shot I did was my shoes I was wearing on the day and I do really like this shot because it shows all the detritus that sort of embedded in the sole of the sneakers. It was just one of those potluck things where you get it right first time. Moving on to something a bit larger. This is an X-ray of a bus and the bus is full of people. It's actually the same person, it's just one skeleton. Back in the 60s, they used to teach student radiographers to take X-rays, thankfully not on you and I, but on dead people. So I still got access to one of these dead people called Freedah. She's falling apart, I'm afraid, because she's very old and fragile. But everyone on that bus is Freedah and the bus is taken with a cargo scanning X-ray, which is the sort of machine you have on borders which checks for contraband and drugs and bombs and things. Fairly obvious what that is. So using large scale objects does create drama because you just don't see X-rays of big things that often. Technology is moving ahead and these large cargo scan X-rays that work with a digital system are getting better and better and better. In, though, to make it come alive, you need somehow to add the human element and I think the reason this image works again is because Freedah is driving the ball down. Quite a difficult brief maker pair of men's pants look beautiful, but I think the process in itself shows how exquisite they are. Fashion. Now I'm sort of anti-fashion because I don't show the surface, I show what's within. So the fashionistas don't really like me because it doesn't matter if Kate Moss is wearing it or if I'm wearing it, it looks the same. We all look the same side, believe me. The creases in the material and the sort of new ones season. I show things for really what they are, what they're made of. I peel back the layers and expose it and if it's well made, I show it, if it's badly made, I show it and I'm sure Ross can associate that with design. The design comes from within. It's not just top show. I get some strange looks when I'm going out, getting my crops. Here I was funding round in the Ladies Underwear Department of a department store, almost got escorted from the premises. I live opposite the farm and this was the run of the litter, piglet that died. What's really interesting is that if you look at the legs, you notice that the bones haven't fused and should that pig have grown unfortunately it was dead. It would have certainly been dead after I actually had it with the amount of radiation I used anyway. Once the bones are fused together, it would have been healthy. That's an empty puff of jacket but I quite like the way it's posed. Nature is my greatest inspiration and to carry on with a theme that we've already touched with is how nature is related to architecture. If you look at the roof of the Eden project or the British Library, it's all this honeycomb structure and I'm sure those architects are inspired as I am by what surrounds us by nature. This in fact is a Victoria Water lily leaf that floats on the top of the pond and I'm a really flower looking really three dimensional seaweed have been in the tide. Now how do I do this and where do I do this and all that sort of thing? This is my new purpose built X-ray shed and the door to my X-ray room is made of lead and steel. It weighs 1,250 kilograms and it's the only exercise I get is opening and closing it. The walls are 700mm thick of solid dense concrete so I'm using quite a lot of radiation. A lot more than you'd get in a hospital or a vet and there I am. This is a quite high parallel X-ray machine. What's interesting really about X-ray is if you think about it is that technology is used for looking for cancel or looking for drugs or looking for contraband or whatever and I use that sort of technology to create things that are quite beautiful. Still working with film I'm afraid technology in X-ray where it's life size process apart from these large car guys scanning machines hasn't moved on enough for the quality of the image and the resolution to be good enough for what I want to do with it which is show my pitch is big. I have to use a 1980s drum scanner with designed in the days when everyone shot photographs on film. They scan each individual X-ray and this shows how I do my process of same size X-ray. So this is again my daughter's dress. She still has the tag in it from me buying it so I can take it back to the shop if you didn't like it. But there are four X-ray plates so you can see them overlapping. So when you move forward from something fairly small or a dress which is this size onto something like that which is done in exactly the same process you can see that that's a lot of work. In fact that is three months solid X-raying as over 500 separate components. Boeing sent me a 747 in containers and I sent them back an X-ray. I could you not. Okay so three days my dead skeleton this unfortunately is basically two pictures the one on the extreme right is a photograph of a American footballer the one on the left is an X-ray but this time I had to use a real body because I needed a skin tissue to make it look real to make it look like it was a real athlete. So here I had to use a recently deceased body and getting hold of that was extremely difficult laborious. But people do don't like their bodies to art in science and when they do I'm in the queue so I like to use them. The coloring so coloring coloring adds another level to the X-rays. It's a more organic more natural. It's whatever takes my fancy really. It's not accurately colored to her it is in real life. That flower doesn't come in bright orange I don't think but I just like it in bright. And also with something technical like these are DJ decks it sort of adds another level that makes a two-dimensional image look more three-dimensional. The most difficult things to X-ray the most technically challenging things to X-ray are the lightest things the most delicate things. So to get the detail in the feather believe me if there's anyone out here in those things about X-rays that's quite a challenge. I'm now going to show you a short film as to decide. The thing in there is very dangerous if you touch that you could possibly die if you're really ocean poisoning. In my career I've had two exposures to radiation which is two to many because it stays with you for life it's cumulative. It has human connotations the fact it's a child's toy that we all recognise but also it looks like it's a robot and it comes from a sci-fi genus. It's a surprise that it has humanity but also man-made future alien associations. And just a bit spooky. The bass was done with a cargo scanning X-ray machine which is used on the borders between countries looking for contraband and illegal immigrants. The lorry goes in front of it and it takes slices of X-rays through the lorry. And that's how this was done. It's a bit like a CT scanning hospital. If you look carefully there's all the little things that these got headphones on, the reading and newspaper got a hat on glasses, got a bag. So with these little details help to make it work, make it real. The problem with using living people is that to take an X-ray fight right you get exposed to radiation. So to avoid that and I have to avoid it somehow is I use dead people. Now that's a variety of things from recently deceased bodies to a skeleton that was used by student radiographers to train in taking X-rays of the human body at different densities. I have very high tech equipment of gloves, scissors and a bucket. I will show how the capillary action works, how it feeds. I'll be able to get all the cells inside that stem because it transfers food from its roots to its leaves. Look at this monster. It's so basic, it just just grows wild. That's what I really like about it, the fact that I'm going to go and buy it and there hasn't been genetically modified at all is just happening. The X-ray shows how beautiful nature can be, not that that is particularly beautiful when you look at it with a human eye. The way the leaves form they're curling back on each other. So the X-rays will show the overlaps in these little corners. The thicker the object the more radiation it needs and the more time it needs. The lighter the object the less radiation. Sometimes you get the time up because the time gives you detail. A lot longer the exposure goes on for the more detail you get. If you look at this just the tube it's quite bright but I could get a bit darker in the tube but everything else would suffer so these leaves at the edge would start to disappear. What I'd like is how hard the edges are, how sharp. Yeah I'm quite pleased with that. I travel beyond the surface and show something for what it's worth, what it's really made of, how it really works. But also I find that I've got the benefit of taking away all the surface which is things that people are used to see. Let's just sort of think what I've been doing. I've got the opportunity now to show you what I'm going to be doing in the future. This is a commercial application of my most recent work. What's good about this I think is it's like a moment in time what you've turned around you've got X-ray vision and you've taken the picture with the X-ray camera. Unfortunately I haven't got X-ray vision but I do dream in X-ray. I see my projects in my sleep and I know what they're going to look like in X-ray and I'm not far off. So what am I doing in the future? Well this year is the 50th anniversary of Sosagone's Mini which is one of my favourite cars. So I've taken it apart component by component, months and months and months of work. And with this image I'm going to be displaying it in the Victorian and Albert Museum as a light box which is actually attached to the car. So I've got to saw the car in half down the middle not an easy task in itself. And then so you can get in the driver's side sit down and up against you is a wall and if you get out and walk around the other side of the car you see a life-size light box of the car showing you how it works. And I'm going to take that idea and apply it to other sort of iconic things from my life. Like my first computer was a big movement in my life. I had a Mac classic and it's a little box and I think that looked quite neat as an X-ray. I'm also looking to take my work from the two-year dimensional form to a more three-dimensional form and this is quite a good way of doing it. I'm also working now with X-ray video. So if you can imagine some of these flowers and they're actually moving and growing and you can film that in X-ray, you should be quite stunning. That's it. I'm done. Thank you very much.