 Can I get a show of hands who here has ever Googled themselves? I have. But what started off as momentary curiosity very quickly turned into an almost five year horrific battle that almost ruined my life. I Google image reverse search myself. A function of Google that allows you to upload an image and it shows you where it is on the internet. This is me at 17 years old, an innocent selfie I took before a party. Now before I continue I must point out that what I am about to talk about is very confronting and graphic. But there is no way out this is a very confronting issue. In a split second my screen was flooded with that image and dozens more images of me that had been stolen from my social media on links connected to porn sites. On these sites, nameless faceless sexual predators had published highly explicit sexual commentary about me and what they like to do to me. Cover her face with fuck her body. One person wrote. They also published identifying information about me where I lived, what I studied, who I was. But things got worse. I soon discovered that these sexual predators had doctored or photoshopped my face onto the bodies of naked adult actresses engaged in sexual intercourse on solo shots. Of me being ejaculated on by two men, sperm was edited onto my face. I was edited onto the cover of a porn DVD. Purpatrators had edited my images to give the effect that my blouse was transparent or see through so you could see my nipples. These ejaculated on images of me took photos of their sperm and penises on these images and posted them onto porn sites. Come on printed pics is what they call it. Now you might be wondering what sorts of images I posted on social media. This is me at around 19 at the Claremont Hotel just a few suburbs away. And they superimposed that face into this. And things got worse. Nothing was off limits for these predators. They even posted an image with my little sister on these sites too. Now you might be thinking well you do dress provocatively. Not a little sexually suggestive. Attention seeking maybe. But just because a woman's body gets attention doesn't mean she's attention seeking. And what is provocative anyway? What is sexually suggestive? In some parts of the world, showing your ankles is promiscuous, is provocative. It's just like no matter what a woman wears, it's always perceived as more sexual than it is. For me I just wanted to feel pretty and confident. What's so wrong with that? Now you might be thinking well can't you just set your social media on private? Well these perpetrators were calculated. They befriended my friends on social media under fake profiles. They followed the public galleries of the events and places are regularly visited. But why? Why should one have to retreat and hide at a fear that something like this could happen? What I post and what I wear isn't an invitation to violate and abuse me. The only person that should be changing their behaviour is the perpetrators. Now you might be thinking why me? Well I'm just one of the thousands upon thousands of ordinary women who are being preyed upon in these mass scale horrific online cultures, websites and threads that are dedicated to sexually exploiting and doctering ordinary images of women into porn. As I speak there are women who are being preyed upon and they don't even know it. In the beginning I tried seeking help, I went to police, I contacted government agencies, I even tried to hire a private investigator but they were too expensive. There was nothing that they could do. I mean what could you do when the sites are hosted overseas and the perpetrators are from overseas? I was told I had to contact the sites one by one, notifying the webmasters to get everything deleted. So as you can imagine in complete and utter fear and pain, I did. I contacted the webmasters requesting that they delete the material shared without consent and I had some successes but I also had some major setbacks. The more I fought, the more sites I would discover and with time the more my images were being seen and shared in the tens of thousands. I had one webmaster respond to me saying he'll only delete the site if I sent him nude photos of myself within 24 hours. And this went on for years fighting against his dodgy disgusting sites but I was fighting a losing battle and I couldn't continue this any longer for my own mental health but what could I do? Maybe I thought if I spoke out I could reclaim my name and I could rewrite my narratives on my own terms. Maybe if I spoke out I could raise awareness about this. Maybe I could even try to change the law. And so I did. I spoke out publicly late last year and news of my story reverberated around the world. But this was the response. She's a fat ugly slut, she's a whore, she's an attention seeking piece of trash. Feel flooded baby, it's a compliment. I was victim blamed and slut shamed and told I was deserving of what happened to me. And quite frankly that was more difficult for me to endure than my actual experiences of image-based abuse. But I couldn't let this criticism defeat me. I knew what the perpetrators had done was wrong and I knew what they were doing to others was wrong. And so I petitioned. I sent out in passion, please, for support but it didn't work. I think I got like 330 signatures and that was really disheartening. But I then contacted my state and federal MPs and I was referred to the New South Wales Attorney General's Department who were already in the process of drafting new laws to criminalise the non-consensual distribution of intimate images, image-based sexual abuse. Some of you may know it as a revenge-pawn. And soon I became a spokesperson, a public face for the new laws. But I must point out I do not in any way shape or form want to take credit for this change in the law. This is on the backs of cyber safety experts, of researchers, of the Attorney General's Department, of so many people who have fought for years. New South Wales was the first state in all the world to specifically include a provision on altering images. Something that happened to me, something you certainly didn't hear about very often. Now ACT has also criminalised this also with a provision on altered images. And next year WAs introduced legislation and hopefully they introduced a provision on altered images and I urge every state and every country in this world to follow suit. Because right now there's no justice for people like me. To spite it all, to spite the hate and to spite the criticism. To spite the fact that I'm never going to get justice because my experience has happened before this movement of law reform. Speaking out was the best thing I've ever done because I know for a fact that is helped people. And I just want to live in a world where regardless of what I wear or what I post, that I'm still worthy of being treated with dignity and respect. Respect. Now that's an idea we're sharing. Thank you.