 I have a studio in Berlin. Let me queue on here, which is down there in this snow just last weekend. In this studio we do a lot of experiments. I will consider the studio more like a laboratory. I have occasional meetings with scientists and I have an academy a part of the University in Berlin. We have an annual gathering of people and that is called Life in Space. Life in Space is really about not necessarily how we do things but why we do things. Do you mind looking with me in that little cross in the center there? So just keep looking, don't mind me. You will have a yellow circle and we will do an after image experiment. When the circle goes away you will have another color, the complimentary color. I am saying something and your eyes and your brain saying something back. This whole idea of sharing the whole idea of constituting reality by overlapping what I say and what you say. Think of a movie. Since two years now with some stipends from the science ministry in Berlin I have been working on these films where we produce the film together. I don't necessarily think the film is so interesting. Obviously this is not interesting at all in the sense of the narrative but nevertheless what the potential is and just keep looking there. What the potential is obviously is to kind of move the border of who is the author and who is the kind of receiver, who is the consumer if you want and who has the responsibility for what one sees. I think there is a socializing dimension in kind of moving that border. Who decides what reality is? This is the tape modern in London. The show that was in a sense about that. It was about a space in which I put half a semi-circle of a yellow disk. I put a mirror in the ceiling and some fog, some haze. The whole idea was to make this space tangible. With such a big space the problem is obviously there is a kind of discrepancy between what your body can sort of embrace and what the space in that sense is. Here I had a hope that I would by inserting some natural elements if you want some fog. I could make this space tangible and what happened is that people start to see themselves in this space. Look at this. Look at the girl. Of course they have to look through a bloody camera in a museum. That is how museums are working today. Look at her face. There as she is checking out, looking at herself in the mirror. Oh, that was my foot there. She wasn't really sure whether she was seeing herself or not. I guess in that whole idea how do we configure the relationship between our body and the space? How do we then reconfigure it? How do we know that being in a space makes a difference? Do you see that when I said in the beginning it's about why rather than how? What consequences does it have when I take a step? Does it matter? Does it matter if I am in the world or not? Does it matter whether the kind of actions I take filters into a sense of responsibility is art about that. I would say yes. It is obviously about not just decorating the world and making it look even better or even worse if you ask me. It's obviously about also taking responsibility like I did here when throwing some green dye in the river in LA Stockholm, Norway and Tokyo. Among other places the green dye is not environmentally dangerous but it obviously looks really rather frightening and it's on one side on the other side also quite beautiful as it somehow shows the turbulence in these kind of downtown areas in these different places of the world. The green river as a kind of activist, not a part of an exhibition, idea was really about showing people in this city as they walk by that a space, a space has dimensions, a space has time and the water flows through the city with time. The water has a kind of ability to make the city negotiable, tangible, negotiable meaning that it makes a difference whether you do something or not. It makes a difference whether you say I'm a part of the city and if I vote it makes a difference, if I take a stand it makes a difference. So this whole idea of the city not being a picture, I think it's something that art in a sense always was working with. The whole idea that art can actually evaluate the relationship between what does it mean to be in a picture, what does it mean to be in a space and what's the difference, the difference between thinking and doing. So these are different experiments on that I won't go into them. Iceland, lower right corner, my favorite place. These kind of experiments they filter into architectural models. These are ongoing experiments, one is experimented for BMW and attempt to make a car. It's a made out of ice, a crystalline stackable principle in the center on the top which I'm trying to turn into a concert hall in Iceland. A sort of a run track or a walk track on the top of a museum in Denmark which is a glass, color glass going around so the movement with your legs will change the color of your horizon. And last summer at the Hyde Park in London with the serpentine gallery, a kind of a temporal pavilion where moving was the only way you could see the pavilion. This summer in New York, there is one thing about falling water which is very much about the time it takes for water to fall. It's quite simple and fundamental. I have walked a lot in the mountains in Iceland and as you come to a new valley, as you come to a new landscape you have a view and if you stand still the landscape doesn't necessarily tell how big it is or doesn't tell you really what you're looking at. The moment you start to move, the mountain starts to move, the big mountains far away, they move less, the small mountains in the front, they move more and if you stop again and you wonder is that a one hour valley or is that a three hour hike or is that a whole day I'm looking at? If you have a waterfall in there right out there at the horizon you look at the waterfall and you go oh the water is falling like really slow and you go my god it's really far away and it's a giant waterfall. If the waterfall is falling faster it's a smaller waterfall which is closer by because the kind of the speed of falling water is pretty constant everywhere and your body somehow knows that. So this means a waterfall is a way of measuring space. Of course being an iconic city like New York who has kind of had an interest in somehow playing around with the sense of space you could say, you know it wants to see as big as possible obviously adding a measurement to that is interesting in the sense the falling water suddenly gives you a sense of oh Brooklyn is exactly this much you know the distance between Brooklyn and Manhattan in this case the lower east river is this big so it was not just necessarily about you know putting nature into the cities also giving the city a sense of dimension and why would we want to do that? Because I think it makes a difference whether you have a body which feels a part of a space rather than having a body which is just in front of a picture and there's a picture and here's I know what doesn't matter is there a sense of consequences? So if I have a sense of the space if I feel that the space is tangible if I feel there is time if there's a kind of dimension I could call time I also feel that I can change the space and suddenly it makes a difference in terms of making space accessible one could say this is about community, collectivity it's about the sense of being together how does how do we create create public space what does the word public means today anyway right? So art in that way I think addresses great things about you know parliamentary ideas democracy public space being together being individual how do we do or how do we create an idea which is both tolerant to individuality and also to collectivity without polarizing the two into two different you know opposites of course the political somehow agenda in the world has been very obsessed polarizing the two against each other in different very normative ideas and I would claim that art and culture this is why art and culture so incredibly interesting in the times we're living in now has proven that one can create a kind of a space which is both sensitive to individuality and to collectivity it's very much about this causality consequences it's very much about the way we link thinking and doing so what's between thinking and doing and right in between thinking and doing I would say there is experience and experience is not just you know kind of entertainment in this sort of non-corsair way experience is about responsibility having an experience is taking part in the world taking part in the world is really about sharing responsibility so art in that sense I think hold incredible relevance in the world in which we're moving into particularly right now that's all I have thank you very much