 Greetings people of the Ted Universe, it's me, Rain Wilson and listen, I reached out to some of the funniest people on the planet and asked them this very interesting and challenging question. Is there anything funny about climate change? Is there anything funny about climate change? Is there anything funny about climate change? There's so much, it's hilarious. I mean rising seas and crops failing and forest fires devastating huge tracks of the earth. I mean this goes on and on and on. I personally think that humor could be found in absolutely anything. I think with the subject like climate change it's a lot tougher because it's a serious matter. But there's definitely humor in there and I will give you an example. Okay, something funny about climate change. Give me a second. My hometown Duluth, Minnesota is going to be the new monaco. What was once a punchline I tell you is now a place of refuge from the fire tornadoes. Yay Duluth, Minnesota! I live in New Jersey so we got the Jersey Shore which will sadly be washed away. Here's the thing, I am in Mississippi right now and I came outside so that I could make this video. And there is the funny image of you know everybody's watched Jersey Shore and seeing those people with the fist bump in spray tans since they were nine years old. And then they'll get washed out to see flopping around like orange butterfly humans with their spiky hair protruding from the surface of the water, like struck fins and everybody fighting to survive. So that makes me laugh. It would be funny if I had a heat stroke and died while making a video about the climate. That would be funny. I hope that doesn't happen. Okay, okay, um, wait no that's not funny. Knock knock. Knock knock. Who's there? Nobody. Because you're all dead. He's a global warming. Who's there? Dinosaurs. Dinosaurs who? Exactly. They gone. You know, we could be like the dinosaurs. We could be gone like that. Right? That's what I'm talking about. Come on, that's funny. Knock knock. Who's this? Climate change. Climate change too. Climate change is largely a man-made phenomenon which the scientific community at large agrees will wreak almost inconceivable death and destruction. Unleash there is a meat and significant societal change. Get it? A polar bear ghost walks into a bar and the bartender says, hey get out of here. We don't serve polar bears in here and the polar bear ghost says, oh don't worry, I'm not real. Because of global warming, we're all extinct. And the bartender was like, I apologize for the initial hostility, but you gotta admit. Kind of hard to tell the difference between a polar bear and a polar bear ghost. Did you get it? Because they're both white. Never mind, sorry. Penguin's. Fuck them. It's a flightless bird. How are they not all dead anyway? Uh, second. Something funny about climate change. Um... Given the extreme weather we've had in recent years, that there are still some people who claim it's a hoax. It's hilarious. What's funny about climate change? Nothing. Nothing is funny about climate change. Climate change is like, really? Not that funny, which is kind of funny. I get to sit around my house in my underwear. I swear to God I'm a man to wear. I'm not gonna show you, but I am. I was desperately looking for Al Gore's movie on the environment and I walked into a section of a story which was selling old DVDs. Do you have... An inconvenient truth. They said, yes, your fat, because you eat too much. My mom used to say to me when I was messing with something that I shouldn't be messing with. Ah, you're gonna fuck with it till it breaks. And that's what we've done with climate change with this planet. We have fuck with it till it has broken. Can we put it back together? The way that I promised my mother I could put things back together when I was a little kid. All I needed some super glue in a couple of hours. I was like, what's wrong with you? I was a little kid. All I needed some super glue in a couple of hours to completely reassemble this precious airman base that you've had since you were a young woman that I broke pretending to do some kind of martial art that I made up in my head. Yeah, no, I don't know. I wasn't able to fix that face. Climate change kind of reminds me of Game of Thrones when they're warning everyone. Winter is coming. Winter is coming. But everyone in King's Landing, all the Hoi Poloi is like, oh, I wonder what's happening with the Lannisters and the Starks and the Targaryens. And we just continue as though we're just dancing on the Titanic as it sinks. Well, guess what people summer is coming and it's coming hard. That's what she said. I think anything that happens once I'm gone, not my problem. But then I got children. That's the part that makes it rough. Yeah, that's the killer for me, I think. I got these kids and I want them to have kids and I'd like the species to continue. So, but weren't for that. Goable warming would be hilarious. Is there anything funny about climate change? No, it's a very serious matter. I'm serious. I mean, it's funny that some people don't think it's a serious matter, but that's not like funny like ha ha. It's like funny like, what the fuck? This was a rough experiment. I think we may have just proven empirically that there is nothing funny about climate change. Okay, fine. Maybe there's nothing funny about climate change. Let's fix it. This is the process. But I'll find something. Just give me a second.