 brake What is your connection to dance? Did you love the ballet or maybe you watch us dance competitions on television? Or did you jump into the horror at that bar mitzvah one time? I want you to reconsider your connection to dance, because I believe it to be a simple and successful way of accessing happiness within. What do you need to participate? Virtually nothing. What do you want to explore and have a little bit of fun? No music, no partner required. When I choreographed film, television or commercials, I often generate moves that are based on the human experience. I take these moves and I stream them together, twist and play with their pace, in order to create more meaningful work. Let me show you what I mean. I'm going to show you a music video, Chandler, that I choreographed for SEA, featuring the incredible dancer, Nadie Ziegler. Now let's play the video one more time. I want to show you what inspired those moves. You may be surprised at how rudimentary the sources are. And fork, fork, fork, step it in the wall, toss it and pass out, come to, and look. Charlie Chaplin, Charlie Chaplin, cockroach up the wall, clean your mustache, a possum sink. Is it time for lunch yet? See, thanks. See even a cute little cockroach can inspire a dance move. But it really is that easy. And look, most people can dance like Nadie, including myself. And that's the point. We all have our own beautiful ways of moving, and this is worth celebrating. It's time to extract the judgment out of a dance experience, and set free the preconceived notion of what good dance is. And instead, find out how your own body loves the move, and find out that inner rhythm that feels so good. Think more body, less critique. So you may ask, well, how do I access or unlock this dance magic? Well, once you have the perspective that life is dance, yeah? You'll begin to see dance everywhere around you all day long like I do. Like now, witness how you're sitting in front of me, your posture. Are both be grounded, is one like crossed over the other. Where are your hands placed? Or envision a parent rocking their child? It's a playful flourish, right? Tying a shoe, a grand gesture, drinking glass of water, a stylized head release. So check out this proof of concept. In the first week of the Worldwide Lockdown in March 2020, I decided to teach us online follow along dance class called Sweatfest. I was hoping I had a couple friends to join in, but over the course of the next couple of weeks, tens of thousands of people from all over the world joined Sweatfest. Turning our collective isolation into a worldwide community. It was absolutely beautiful. People check their critical minds and really unleash that joy from within doing these goofy dance moves while the world is in disarray. Take a look. Who would have guessed that moves like they're pretty pony and the Bob Ross would be so life changing. So I've been a student of dance for 42 years. My relationship with the art form runs deep and quite intimate. This helped me through trauma. It has paid my rent, but most of all, it's been an unfaltering joy in my life. And that's why I'm here. Because I believe there's more joy for you, only steps away. If you're a simple and rudimentary moves that you already know. So I'd love to invite you to be your own choreographer. Grab your kids or go solo and let fun and laughter push the boundaries of ridiculousness. Who knows? Maybe brushing your teeth or a whisk and mac and cheese will become your new favorite dance move. And once you have a dance move or two or three or four under your belt, we respectfully call yourself a dancer because you've earned it and share those moves and that happiness with those around you. Because the world with more dance is the world with more joy. And once you have a dance move or two or three or four under your belt, we respectfully call yourself a dancer. And once you have a dance move or two or three or four under your belt, we respectfully call yourself a dancer. Sit down and begin playing. If you feel good about yourself in a world, it will show your painting and all these little things will happen. I'll dance well then. Place new subscribers with you and militiamen to enter your crest. Add a yellow to your skirt. Congratulations. Thank you.