 Well, I'm a bug lover myself, not from childhood, by the way, but rather late. When I bachelor the major in the physiology at Tel Aviv University, I kind of fell in love with bugs, and then with the physiology I took the course of the discipline of entomology, the science of incense. And then I thought myself, how can I be practical or help in the science of entomology? And then I moved to the world of plant protection, plant protection from insects, from bed bugs. And then, within plant protection, I came into the discipline of biological pest control, which we actually define as the use of living organisms to reduce populations of notches plant pests. So it's a whole discipline in plant protection that amig at reduction of chemicals. And biological pest control, by the way, or these good bugs that we are talking about, they exist in the world for thousands and thousands of years. For a long long time, but only the last 120 years, people started or people knew more and more how to explore, how to use this biological control phenomenon, or in fact natural control phenomenon to their own needs. Because biological control phenomena, you can see it in your backyard. Just taking magnifying glass, you see what I have here? That's a magnifier. Time stand. Time stand, just open it. You just twist leaves and you see a whole new world. Of buying new insects or little spiders of one millimeter, one and a half, two millimeter, millimeter, millimeter's longs, and you can distinguish between the good ones and the bad ones. So this phenomenon of natural control exists literally everywhere. Here in front of this building, I'm sure, just have a look at the plants. Because everywhere, and we need to know how to explore it. Well, let us just hand by hand and browse through just a few examples. What is a pest, what damage it actually inflicts on the plant, and what is the natural enemy, the biological control agent, or the good bug that we are talking about. In general, I'm going to talk about insects and spiders or mites, let us call them insects, those six legged organisms and spider or mice, the eight legged organisms. Let us have a look at that. Here is a pest, a devastating pest, a spider mite, because it does a lot of webbing like a spider. You see the mother in between, and two daughters probably on the left and right, and a single egg on the right hand side. And then you see what kind of damage it can inflict on your right hand side. You can see a cucumber leaf, and in the middle cotton leaf, and on the left, a tomato leaf with these little stippling, they can literally turn from green to white, because of the sucking, piercing, and mouth parts of those spiders. But here comes nature that provides us with a good spider. This is a predatory mite, just as small as the spider mite, by the way. One millimeter, two millimeter long, not more than that. Running quickly, hunting, chasing the spider mites. And here you can see this lady in action. On your left hand side, just pierces such that body fluids on the left hand side of the pest mite. And after five minutes, this is what you see. Just typical dead corpse shriveled, sucked out dead corpse of the spider mite, and next to it, two satiated individuals of predatory mice, a mother on the left hand side, a young niff on the right hand side. And there is a meal for them, for 24 hours, about five individuals of the spider mites, and or 15 to 20 eggs of the pest mites. By the way, they are hungry, always. And there is another example, aphids. By the way, it's springtime now in Israel. When temperature rises sharply, you can see those bad ones, those aphids, all over the plants, in your high bishops, in your lantana, on the young fresh foliage of the spring flush, so-called. By the way, with aphids, you have only females, like Amazon's, females giving rice to females, giving rice to other females. None males at all. Pathanogenesis, what's so-called. And they are very happy with it, the parents. And here you can see the damage. Aphids, secret, some sticky sugary liquid called honeydew. And this just clogs the upper parts of the plant, you see, the people cucumber leaf, that turned actually from green to black, because of a black fungus, sooty mold, which is covering it. And here comes the salvation through this parasitic wasp. Here we are not talking about the predator, here we are talking about a parasite, not a two-legged parasite, but an eight-legged parasite, of course. This is a parasitic wasp, again two meters long, slender, very quick, sharp, flyer. And here you can see this parasite in action, like in an apropetic maneuver. She stands vis-a-vis in front of the victim on the right-hand side, bending its abdomen and inserting a single egg, a single egg into the boggifluids of the aphid. By the way, the aphid tries to escape, she kicks and bites and sucreases different liquids, but nothing will happen, in fact. Only the egg of the parasite's point will be inserted into the boggifluids of the aphid. And after a few days, depends on temperature, the egg will hatch, and the larva of this parasite will eat the aphid from the inside. And this is all natural. This is not fiction. Nothing at all. Again, in your backyard, in your backyard. Absolutely. This is the end result. This is the end result. Mammies, MU, W, Y. This is the visual result of a dead aphid, the composite inside, in fact, a developing parasite toy that after a few minutes, you see half way out, the birth is almost complete. You can see, by the way, different movies, etc. And it takes just a few minutes. And if this is a female, she will immediately mate with the male and off she goes, because time is very short. This female can live only three to four days, and she needs to give rise to around 400 eggs. That means she has 400 dead aphids to put her eggs into their boggifluids. And this is, of course, not the end of it. There is a whole wealth of other natural enemies. And this is just the last example. Again, we'll start first with the past, the thrips. By the way, all these weird names. I didn't bother you with the Latin names of these creatures. Okay. Just the popular names. But this is a nice slender, very bad pest. If you can see these sweet peppers. This is not just an exotic ornamental sweet pepper. This is a sweet pepper, which is not consumable, because it is suffering from a viral disease transmitted by those three adults. And here comes the natural enemy, my new pirate bug. My new, because it is rather small. If you can see the adult, glad, and two young ones. And again, in action, these adult pierces the thrips, sucking it within just several minutes, just going to the other prey, continuing all over the place. And if we spread those minute pirate bugs, the good ones, for example, in a sweet pepper plot, they go to the flowers and look, this flower is flooded with predatory bugs, with the good ones, after wiping out the bad ones, the thrips. So this is a very positive situation, by the way. No harm to the developing fruit, no harm to the fruit set. Everything is just right under these circumstances. But again, the question is, here you solve them on a one-to-one basis. The past, the natural enemy. What we do is actually this. In the North East Israel, in Cyprus, there is a facility that mass produces those natural enemies. In other words, what we do there, we amplify. We amplify the natural control or the biological control phenomenon. And in 30,000 square meters of state-of-the-art greenhouses, there we are mass producing those predatory mines, those mining pilot bugs, those tarzitic wasps, etc., etc. Many different parts. By the way, they have a very nice landscape. You see the Jordanian mountains on one hand, and they dig on the other hand, and they good, mild, winter, and a nice hot summer, which is an excellent condition to mass produce those creatures. And by the way, mass production, it is not genetic manipulation. There are no GMOs genetically modified organisms whatsoever. We take them from nature, and the only thing that we do, we give them the optimal conditions under the greenhouses, or in the climate rules, in order to proliferate, multiply, and reproduce. And that's what we get, in fact. You see under a microscope. You see under the upper left corner, you see a single predatory mine. And this is the whole bunch of predatory mines. You see this apple, you see this one. I have one gram of those predatory mines. One grams 80,000 individuals. 80,000 individuals are good enough to control one acre, 4,000 square meters of a strawberry plot against phytonytes for the whole season of almost one year. And we can produce from this, believe you me, several dozens of kilograms on an annual basis. So this is what I call amplification of the phenomenon. And no, we do not disrupt the balance on the contrary, because we bring it to a precultural plot where the balance was already disrupted by the chemicals. Here we come with those natural enemies in order to reverse a little bit the will and to bring more natural balance to the agricultural plot by reducing those chemicals. That's the whole idea. And what is the impact? In this table, you can actually see what is an impact of a successful biological control by blue bugs. For example, in Israel, where we employ more than 1,000 hectares, 10,000 dunes in Israeli terms of biological crest-controlled and sweet pepper under protection, 75% of the pesticides were actually reduced. And in the Israel's strawberries, even more, 80% of the pesticides, especially those aimed against pest mites and strawberries, so the impact is very strong. And there was a question, especially if you ask growers agriculturists, why biological control? Why good bugs? By the way, the number of answers you get equals to the number of people you ask. But if we go, for example, to this place, southeast Israel, the Arab Valley, along the Great Rift Valley, where they really taught not the pearl of the Israeli agriculture is located, especially under greenhouse conditions, or under screen-house conditions. If you drive all the way to a lot, you see this. Just in the middle of the desert. And if you zoom in, you can definitely watch this. Brand parents, with their grandchildren, distribute the natural enemies, the good bugs, instead of wearing special clothes and gas masks and apply chemicals. So safety, with respect to the application, this is number one answer that we get from growers why biological control? Number two, many growers are, in fact, petrified from the idea of resistance that the casts will become resistant to the chemicals. Just in our case, the bacteria become resistant to antibiotics. It's the same. And it can happen very quickly. Fortunately, in the biological control or in the natural control, resistance is extremely rare. It hardly happens, because this is evolution. This is the natural issue. A high-resistant, which happens in the case of chemicals. And thirdly, public demand. Public demand, the more the public demands reduction of chemicals, more growers become aware of the fact that they should, wherever they can, and wherever possible, replace the chemical control with biological control. Even here, there is another grower. You see very interested in the bugs, the bad ones, wearing this magnifier already on her head, just walking safely in her crop. Finally, I want to get to, actually, to my vision, or, in fact, to my dream. Because you see, this is the reality. Have a look at the gap. If we take the overall turn-over of the biocontrol industry worldwide, it's $250 million. And look at the overall pesticide industry in all the crops throughout the world. I think it's times 100 or something like that, 25 billion. So there is a huge gap to bridge. So actually, how can we do it? How can we bridge, or, let's say, never discrep this gap in the course of the years? First of all, we need to find more robust, good, and reliable biological solutions. More good bugs that we can either mass produce or actually conserve in the field. Secondly, to create even more intensive and strict public demand to reduce the total of chemicals in the agricultural fresh produce. And thirdly, also to increase awareness by the growers to the potential of this industry. And this gap really narrows. Step by step, it does never. So I think my last slide is, all we are saying, we can actually see it, give nature a chance. So I'm saying it on behalf of all the biocontrol practitioners and it will matter. It is real and abroad. Really, give nature a chance. Thank you.