si I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I want to have fun ninja go away. I want to have fun. I want to have fun. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm not going to be able to do it. Thank you everyone. Let me show you how to mix all of these. I'm really sure why I'm here. I mean, what does this have to do with technology and your entertainment design? Well, I call my iPod, cell phone, and computer as technology, but this has nothing to do with that. So I did a little research on it. Well, this is what I found. Of course, I hope I can memorize it. Valley basically made a wood box and four miles straight, like pulling the string to string by bits and producing the sound wave. So I pass this to a piece of wood cart bridge and goes down to the wood box and gets amplified. But what do we think? OK. On the other hand, we're placing your finger, different places on the finger board, changing the string length, thus changing the frequency of the sound wave. Oh my gosh. OK. This is sort of a technology, but I can call it a 16th century technology. But actually, the most fascinating thing that I found was that even the audio system or wave transmission nowadays are still basically the same principle of producing a projecting sound. Isn't that cool? Yeah. Design. I love its design. I remember when I was little my mom asked me, would you like to play the violin or the piano? I looked up a giant monster and said to myself, I am not going to lock myself on that bench the whole day. This is small and lightweight. I can play from standing, sitting, or walking. And you know what? The best of all is that if I don't want to practice, I can hide it. The violin is very beautiful. Some people are related as the shape of a lady. But with a liquor and not spin cell phone with it, 400 years. And like modern stuff, there easily looks dated. But I think it's very personal unique that, although each violin looked pretty similar, that no two violins sound the same, even from the same maker, or based on the same model. Entertainment, I love the entertainment. But actually, the instrument itself isn't very entertaining. I mean, when I first got my violin and tried to play around it, it was actually really bad, because isn't it? I'm not sure. And so like the way I heard from other kids, so horrible and so scratchy. So I was entertaining at all. But besides, my violin found this very fun. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. LAUGHTER A few years later, I heard a joke about greatest violin is the Asher Hyphids. After Mr. Hyphids concert, a lady came over and complimented, oh, Mr. Hyphids, your violin sounded so great tonight. Mr. Hyphids is a very cool person. So picked up violin and said, funny. I don't care anything. LAUGHTER Now, I realize that it's the musician we human being with our great mind, our testing heart and skill that can change the 16th century technology and a legendary design to a wonderful entertainment. Now, I know I'm here. APPLAUSE I heard it said that I was just going to be here just to perform, but unexpectedly, I learned and enjoyed much more. But although some of them were quite up there for me, like the multi-dimension stuff, I mean, honestly, I'd be happy if I could actually get my two-dimension correct in school. But actually, the most impressive thing to me is that, well, actually, I would also like to stand this for our children is to say thank you to our adults for actually caring for us a lot and to make our future world much better. Thank you. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE