 I'm a believer. I'm a believer in global warming and my record is good on the subject, but my subject is national security. We have to get off of oil purchase from the enemy. I'm talking about OPEC oil. Let me take you back 100 years to 1912. You're probably thinking that was my birth year. It wasn't. It was 1928. But go back to 1912, 100 years ago. And look at that point what we our country was faced with. It's the same energy question that you're looking at today. But it's different sources of fuel. 100 years ago we were looking at coal, of course. And we were looking at oil oil. And we were looking at crude oil. At that point we were looking for a fuel that was cleaner. It was cheaper. And it wasn't ours though. It was layers. So at that point 1912 we selected crude oil, over whey oil and some more coal. But as we moved on to the period now 100 years later we're back really at another decision point. What is the decision point? It's what we're going to use in the future. So from here it's pretty clear to me if we would prefer to have cleaner, cheaper, domestic hours. And we have that. We have that. Which is natural gas. So here you are that the cost of all this to the world is 89 million barrels of oil. You ever take a few barrels every day. And the cost annually is $3 trillion. And one trillion of that goes to OPEC. That has got to be stopped. Now if you look at the cost of OPEC it cost $7 trillion. On the milk and institute study last year $7 trillion since 1976 is what we paid for oil from OPEC. Now that includes the cost of military and the cost of the fuel both. But it's the greatest transfer of wealth. The greatest transfer of wealth from ungroup to another in the history of mankind. And it continues. Now when you look at where is the transfer of wealth you can see here that we have the errors going into the mid east and away from us. And with that we have found ourselves to be the world's policeman. We are policing the world. And how are we doing that? I know the response to this. I would bet there aren't 10% of you in the room that know how many aircraft carriers there are in the world. Raise your hand if you think you know. They're 12. One is under construction by the Chinese and the other 11 belong to us. Why do we have 11 aircraft carriers? Do we have a corner on the market? Are we smarter than anybody else? I'm not sure. If you look at where they're located and on this slide it's the red blobs on there. They're five that are operating in the mid east and the rest of them are in the United States. They just move back to the mid east and those come back. So it's actually the most of the 11 we have are tied up in the mid east. Why? Why are they in the mid east? They're there to control. Keep the shipping lanes open and make oil available in the United States uses about 20 million barrels a day. Which is about 25% of all the oil used every day in the world. And we're doing it with 4% of the population. Somehow that doesn't seem right. That's not sustainable. So where do we go from here? Does that continue? Yes, it's going to continue. The slide you're looking at here is 1990 to 2040. Over that period you are going to double your demand. And when you look at what we're using the O.O. for, 70% of it is used for transportation fuel. So when somebody says let's go more nuclear, let's go wind, let's go solar, fine. I'm for anything American, anything American. But if you're going to do anything about the dependency on foreign oil, you have to address transportation. So here we are using 20 million barrels a day, producing 8 importing 12 and from the 12, 5 comes from the, comes from OPEC. When you look at the biggest user, the second largest user, we use 20 million barrels and the Chinese use 10. The Chinese have a little bit better plan. And are they have a plan? We have no plan. In the history of America, we've never had an energy plan. We don't even realize the resources that we have available to us. If you take the last 10 years and bring forward, you transferred to OPEC a trillion dollars. If you go forward the next 10 years and cap the price of oil at $100 a barrel, you will pay 2.2 trillion. That's not sustainable either. But the days of cheap oil are over. They're over. They make it very clear to you the, the, the Saudis do. They have to have $94 a barrel to make their social commitments. Now I have people that, I have people in Washington last week told me said, the Saudis can produce the all for $5 a barrel. That has nothing to do with it. It's what they have to pay for. It's what we are going to pay for oil. There is no free market for oil. They're all as priced off the margin and the OPEC nations are the ones that price the oil. So where are we headed from here? We're headed to natural gas. Natural gas will do everything we want it to do. It's a hundred and thirty octane fuel. It's 25% cleaner than oil. It's ours. We have an abundance of it. And it does not require refinery. It comes out of the ground at a hundred and thirty octane. Run it to the separator and you're ready to use it. It's going to be very simple for us to use. It's going to be simple to accomplish this. You're going to find an I'll tell you in just a minute what you're looking for to make it happen. But here you can look at the list. Natural gas will fit all of those. It will replace or be able to be used for that. It's for power generation transportation, speaking fuel. It's all those. Do we have enough natural gas? Look at the bar on the left is twenty four trillion is what we use a year. It go forward and the estimates that you have from the EIA and on to the industry estimates industry knows what they're talking about. We've got four thousand trillion cubic feet of natural gas. That's available to us. How does that translate to barrels of oil equivalent. It would be three times what the Saudis claim they have. And they claim they have two hundred fifty billion barrels of oil, which I do not believe I think it's probably a hundred seventy five billion barrels. But anyway whether they say they're right or whatever we have plenty of natural gas. So I have tried to target on where we use the natural gas and where I've targeted is on the heavy duty trucks. There are eight million of them. You take eight million trucks in the end of these are eighteen wheels and take them to natural gas reduce carbon by thirty percent. It is cheaper and it will cut our imports three million barrels. So you will cut sixty percent off of OPEC with eight million trucks. There are two hundred fifty million vehicles in America. So what you have is natural gas is the bridge fuel is what I said. I don't have to worry about the bridge to where at my age. That's your concern. But when you look at the natural gas we have it could very well be the bridge fuel. It could be the bridge to natural gas because you have plenty of natural gas. But as I said I'm for anything American. Now let me take you. I've been a realist. I went from theorist early to realist. I'm back the theorist again. So look at the world you have methane hydrates in the ocean around every continent. And here you can see methane. If that's the way you're going to go that there's plenty of methane natural gas is methane natural gas are interchangeable. If you decide that you're going to use the methane and I'm gone so it's up to you. But we do have plenty of methane hydrates. So I think I've made my point that we have to get on our own resources in America. If we do we can cut out we're it's costing us a billion dollars a day for oil. And it we have no energy plan. So there's there's nothing going on that that impresses me in Washington on that plan other than I'm trying to focus on that eight million 18 wheelers. If we could do that I think we would take our first step to an energy plan. If we did we could see that our own resources are easier to use and anybody can imagine. Thank you. Thanks for that. So from the open of you you had this great you know pickens plan that was based on wind energy and you abandoned it basically because the economics changed what happened. I lost $150 million. That'll make you abandoned something. You know what happened to his Chris is that power is it's it's priced off the margin. And so the margin is natural gas. And it's the time I went into the wind business natural gas was $9. Today it's $2.40. You cannot do a wind deal under $6 an MCF. So what happened was that we we threw increased ability to use fracking technology. The calculated reserves of natural gas kind of exploded and the price plummeted which which made wind and competitive in an international that's what happened. We found out that we could go to the source rock which were the carbon effort sheels in the bases first one is Barnett sheel in Texas and then the Marcellus up in the northeast across New York, Pennsylvania West Virginia, Haynesville and Louisiana. This stuff is everywhere. We are overwhelmed with natural gas. And now you're a big investor in that. Yes bringing that to my mind. Well you say a big investor. It's my life. I'm a geologist got out school in 51 and I've been in the industry my entire life now. I do have own stocks that I'm not a big natural gas producer. Somebody the day said I was second largest natural gas producer in the United States. Don't I wish. But no I'm not. I own stocks. But I also am in the fueling business. But natural gas is a fossil fuel you burn it you release CO2. So you believe in the threat of climate change. Why why doesn't that prospect concern you? Well you're going to have to use something. What do you have to replace it? Well the issue. No no the argument that it's a bridge fuel makes sense because the amount of CO2 per unit of energy is lower than oil and coal correct. And so everyone can be at least happy to see a shift from coal or oil to natural gas. But but if that if that's it and that becomes the reason that renewables don't get invested in. Then long term was screwed anyway right. Well I'm not ready to give up but Jim and I talked there as he left and I said how do you feel about natural gas. He said well it's a bridge fuel is what it is. And I said bridge to what where we headed. See but again I told you I don't have to worry with that. I don't think that's right. I think you're a person who believes in your legacy you've made the money you need. You're one of the few people in a position to really swing the debate. Do you support the idea of some kind of carbon some kind of price on carbon does that make sense? I don't like that because it ends up the government is going to run the program and I can tell you it'll be a failure. The government is not successful on on these on these things they just aren't I mean there it's a bad deal look at what cylinder or whatever it was I mean that was told the bad idea 10 times they went ahead and did it anyway. And that but that only blew out 500 million I think it's closer to a beating. But Chris I think where we headed I mean the long term I don't mind going back to nuclear and I can tell you what the last page of the report that will take on five years to write will be one don't build a reformer on a fault. I have no one to do not build a reformer on the ocean. And now I think reformers are safe move them in the land and on very stable you know ground and build the reformers there anything wrong with you you're going to have to have energy there is no question you can't okay. So one of the questions from the audiences is with with fracking in the natural gas process what about the problem of methane leaking from that methane being a worse global warming gas and CO2 is that a concern. Yeah what is fracking fracking. I'm teasing. We've got a little bit of accent incompatibility here you know let me tell you I told you what my age was I got out school in 51 I witnessed my first fracked job at border Texas in 1953. Fracking came out in 47 and don't believe for a minute when when our president gets up there and says a department of energy 30 years ago develop fracking. I don't know what any hell he's talking about. I mean seriously department of energy did not have anything to do with fracking it was the first fracked job was in 47 I saw my first one 53 I fracked over 3000 oils in my life never had a problem with messing up an aquifer or anything else. Now the largest aquifer in North America is from Midland Texas to the South Dakota border across eight states. Big aquifer. O'Gallala Triassic age either been 800,000 oils fracked in Oklahoma Texas Kansas in that aquifer. There's no problems I don't understand why the media is focused on Eastern Pennsylvania. All right so you don't support a carbon tax of any kind or a price on on carbon your picture then I guess as how the world eventually gets off fossil fuels is through innovation ultimately to that will someday make solar and nuclear. Well solar and wind Jim and I agreed on that in 13 seconds that it's going to be a small part because you can't rely on it so how how does the look at how do you feel you're going to use we have so much natural gas. A day will not come where you say well let's don't use that anymore you'll keep using it it is the cleanest of all and if you look at California they use 2500 buses LAMTA have been on natural gas for 25 years the Fort Worth tea has been on for 25 years why air quality was the reason they use natural gas and got away from diesel why are all the trash trucks today in Southern California on natural gas. Yes because of the air quality I know what you're telling me and I'm not disagreeing on the health and we get off the natural gas at some point and I say that is your problem. All right so it's the bridge fuel what is at the other end of that bridge is for this audience figure out if someone comes to you with a plan that really looks like it might be part of the solution are you ready to invest in those technologies even if they aren't working. Is even if they aren't maximized profits they might be maximized for the future health of the planet. I lost 150 million on the wind. Okay yeah sure I'm I'm game port because you know again I'm trying to get energy solved for America and anything American will work for me. I really really appreciate you coming here engaging in this conversation I think there's a lot of people want to engage with you and that was a real gift you gave this audience thank you so much you bet thank you.