 Remember to hit the like button and subscribe for more videos! I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the hole. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That was the first one. That was the first one. That was the first thing I learned. And then I started progressing to other things. And I started watching Kaki King a lot. And she would always say, Rest in Read has a big influence. And then I started watching his videos. It's very surreal right now to be said. That piece just now, that was one of his songs that you learned. How did that happen? I'd never learned it before, but he told me that we would be playing that on stage. So I was familiar with it. So that's why I had so much more fun learning it. And finally I've been so. From your point of view, you invented this 20 years ago, right? How does it feel to see someone like this come along taking your art and doing so much with it? It's mind-blowing. And I feel really proud, really honored. And he's a wonderful musician. So it's cool. I don't think there is like a one minute other piece you guys can do. Can you do Jam? Do you have it there? We haven't prepared anything. I'll tell you what. If you have another 30 or 40 seconds and you have another 30 or 40 seconds and we just see that, I can feel it. We want to hear it a little more. It's going to get a touch of your car. Thank you.