 I made it to my feet begin to sweat as those two fluffy little bunnies with the blue button-eye stared sappily up at me. Oh my, come down here so I can see you better. He looks like a deranged Easter bun. And still traumatizing. The Big Bees Corner window was traditionally a high water mark of the pre-Christmas season. First nighters packed ear muff to ear muff, tragically with standing the test of time. The window at Hick Bees did not disappoint. Casting its spell on young and old alike. The bumpers hounds, done it, done it, done it! Our hillbilly neighbors, the bumpers, has had at least 785 smelly hound dogs. And they ignored every other human being on earth, but my old man. Not the bumpers hounds, too. Nate tormented my old man his whole life. Now even they expected me to fill his shoes. Holy smoke, will you? Do you know what this is? This is a lamp. It wasn't digging a lamp. Is it a great? But a great lamp. How do the little piggies go? That's right. Oy, coy. Now, show me how the piggies eat. This is your trough. Show me how the piggies eat. Oh, oh, oh. Randy. Yeah. Well, who were you expecting, President Nixon? To everyone's amazement, my kid brother Randy had done quite well for himself. No, no, I wanted to fix your red-eyed recovery. I should do it again when you're in my legal school. You'll shoot your eye out, kid. Merry Christmas. How, how, how? Well, the cat I can do. The other thing, you're on your own. Deon. All right, here we go. Merry Christmas. Hey. They said, one other thing. The kid asked for a radiator. Let's go, let's go. Come on, let's get on with it. I don't need all that jazz about smugglers and pirates. Listen, tomorrow night for the concluding adventure of the Black Pirate ship. Now, it's time for any secret message for you members of the Secret Circle. Remember, kids, only members of any Secret Circle can decode any secret message. Remember, Annie is depending on you. Here in the middle of the lake is where no one can ever speak to fence command radar as just picked up an unknown flying object in the night sky. It's headed south, towards the continental United States out of glory, high rate of speed. Is that what I think it is? It's just intercepted a signal originating from the North Pole. It's a Santa Claus. Santa Claus. Looks like I backed the wrong team. Again. What's it a junk table? Some things never change. Especially flick and shorts. That's got no respect. Yeah. You've got an extra. Oh my god, I see you guys. Just got farkest. Farkest. What a rotten name. We were tripped. There he stood between us and the alley. Scutfarkest staring out at us with his yellow eyes. He had yellow eyes, so help me, God yellow eyes. Scutfarkest. There he was with those same yellow eyes. Dear God, he still had yellow eyes. Oh Ralph, you found a star? Yeah. I miss him, huh? I miss him too. But I know he's here. I miss him.