 Oh, God. Wow. It's you. It's me. You made it. You did too. Well, it is my party. No, I know. I just meant... I was afraid I was never gonna see you again. I'm so sorry. I tried to find you, but I... I didn't even know your last name. No, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I ruined your show. I wanted to find you, and it was the only way to get in. The ticket might have been easier. I tried to tell you. My stepmother burned it. What? It's your stepmother. Hey! How dare you make a mockery of Terry's gala! That's what'd be her. God! Wait. I'm so sorry, Dominic. Oh, you guys doing this? I'm just party-crazer. I hate to interrupt this little reunion, but we've got a show to do. I... I can't do this. Yes, you can. You left your songbook at my house. It's... Your dad was right. You dreamed it? Now go be it. Dominic, I hate to disagree with you, but... All right, we'll deal with this later. Kat, you got this. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. Now I know what Chris Moore's really means, all the love and joy I got to see. Now what's never last on my mind. Now I know why everybody loves Christmas. Why we keep waiting up for Santa. I know why we're falling for each other. Everybody loves Christmas, why? Everybody loves Christmas, why? We keep waiting up for Santa, I know why We're falling for each other And the season, I know why Everybody loves Christmas, why? Everybody loves Christmas, why? We keep waiting up for Santa, I know why We're falling for each other And the season, I know why Christmas That was a beautiful Thank you I want you to meet someone Dad, this is Kat Girl from Santa Land, I was telling you about Kat You were remarkable Hey Kat Right, Kat, this is... Kat That's so weird, isn't that weird, Mom? Her name is Kat, it's Joy She's my step-sister And that's Grace And this is my stepmother, Deirdre She scammed her way in here to try to take advantage of you I'm Catherine Decker I hate to do this to you, Joy, but... Not you, Catherine, her Excuse me, Amelia There's only two of these in the world I know I have the other one My father brought it back from the North Pole He and his friend Terry found them on their expedition I am so sorry that I lost touch with your father He was a true friend, an extraordinary man Now you didn't care about me being a billionaire Is that Billion with a bee? So you're Terry And you're Jason's Catherine And they're those beautiful brown eyes You know Terry, I can explain all the talking Listen, listen, this is just a huge misunderstanding I was trying to protect Catherine from any more pain I've spent my life trying to protect her Like you protected her here The joy of kindness walked right into this humiliating situation Fake news! Shut up, Joy All over the gorgeous Well, this has been a lovely reunion But Kat has to get back to her real life now For her father, I'm in charge of her inheritance And well, Kat had someone he expenses So you see, there's nothing left for you to inherit I guess this is a good thing I'm a billionaire And that is, billion, with a bee You know, Kat, I can't guarantee that you're going to be a famous songwriter But I can guarantee that you'll have a chance to chase your dreams Don't worry about expenses anymore, it's the least I can do for your dad First of all, I think you're going to need an apartment for yourself Or it knows you're going to want to move I don't know what to say Say yes Yes? Yes, yes Thank you You're welcome Kat, I am so sorry about what happened My friends are such jerks and I didn't do anything to my promise That'll never happen again No, I'm so sorry, I completely overreacted I just thought that someone like you might not be interested in someone like me Someone like you, you mean funny, kind, talented, gorgeous Someone like that Yeah Yeah, I'm interested, I'm barely, really interested Are you interested? Yeah, I'm really interested D.J. Soft puppet Where you at? Come on, you didn't think I knew about your bands? So I knew you have an excellent year for talent, you're going to make a great match How did you get them? That's what I do You know what I may be distracted from time to time? Until I always come first Come here What, what talk do you do? Next Oh, and we have another family tradition Every year we get to choose a girl to dance with at the gala And when we're has it, they fall in love You just made that up right now, didn't you? Traditions got us to our somewhere Let's go Once upon a time, there was a girl who loved Christmas She wrote songs so beautiful that can make you cry or fall in love She sang without any fear from her heart With true friends and family and amazing boyfriend Her future was filled with possibilities And that girl is me