 You're our first. Empire. Empire. It's going to have to get me a minute. You're, I'm feeling a little overwhelmed. Here we go. What? That's big. I was looking to do another series after six feet under ended. I saw this book, said, Dead until Dark. And the tagline was maybe having a vampire for a boyfriend wasn't such a great idea. And I thought, that sounds fun. So I started reading it and I could not put it down. It's God's damn it, Phil. How many times do I have to tell you? Do not do that. I'm sorry, it wasn't intentional. I just got here. What I loved about it was that it was very funny, was very scary, very sexy and romantic. And it had a lot of really interesting things to say about what it's like to be other than mainstream. Trust me, if you do not want to get mixed up with vampires. What's so exciting about it is that it takes the vampire myth and makes it really accessible. I think True Blood deals with issues of racism and sexism, homophobia and disease. It deals with a lot of really interesting, big issues in a really fun, off-handed way. I don't know what everyone's getting their panties in a lot about some stupid vampire. It takes place in a small town in Northern Louisiana called Bomb Tom in the present, but in a world where vampires have come out of the coffin. They have made their presence known to humans. They're lobbying for rights. We pay taxes. We deserve basic civil rights, just like everyone else. True Blood, in addition to being the name of the show, is also the name of a synthetic blood product, which serves as sustenance for vampires. What you want. We have a bottle of own negative, please. It doesn't do anything for humans, but it keeps vampires alive so they don't have to go killing people. The books are incredibly entertaining. You can kind of step into this slightly strange place where all kinds of supernatural things are real and are just a part of the everyday life. I've seen American Beauty and I had watched Six Speed Under. It was obvious to me that Ellen was a guy that had a vision and would get the subtext of the books and carry it through. There's something kind of mystical about, you know, the swamps of Louisiana. There's something murky and mysterious and it feels far and foreign, unless you're from Louisiana, in which case it feels perfectly at home. I see you. Bontong is a small town where everyone kind of knows everyone and everyone knows everyone's parents and grandparents and we've all sort of lived there forever and it's very close-knit. I'm fine, Arlene. They've never really had a vampire that they know of until Bill Compton arrives in town. He meets Sookie Stockhouse who works as a waitress at Murloth's Bar and Grill. She's a telepaths. She can hear people's thoughts. Man, I cannot wait to get the hell out of this podentown. Well, make sure you do before it's too light because every year you light, you just get more and more stuck here. Believe me, I know. She knows what I was thinking. I was dying to do it. We sold it for from anything I'd ever done and so out there and just fell in love with the characters. We have assembled a really great group of actors and sort of the central role of Sookie is Anna Pacquan. You don't like me and I want to control people, do you? She's so strong but fragile and so sort of immediate in how she responds to things. There's not a lot of sort of filter. Are you afraid to be out here alone with a hungry vampire? No. It's a love story. She's met her first vampire. She falls for him. They start a relationship and this is the first relationship she's ever been in. We have a British actor named Stephen Moyer who is playing the vampire bill. I had a lot of people come in and read for Bill and do a lot of very familiar vampire mannerisms and I've always seen Bill as kind of a tragic hero. I mean, this is a man who when he was 30 years old was made vampire on his way home from the Civil War and he had to say goodbye to his wife and his children and his life as a human. He's different from a lot of the vampires we encounter in the story in that he wants to retain his humanity. He wants to be a good man. I wanted to make sure that you were safe. He has this moral dilemma within him where he doesn't want to be the vampire that he was. He wants to try and live with the humans as opposed to against them. Hey Sam, what's his to hear? So he's brother Jason is being played by Ryan Quentin. Jason views the world or sees the world as his bedroom. And what time to get a heart? Jason has a little bit of a sexual compulsion. Women are so available to him that it's going to take him to some dark places. You have no idea what I've been through since last night. The script was phenomenal. It's just a fantastic character for me to play. I guess any inhibitions I had before starting the show are now completely sort of disappeared. I do not snap at me. I have a name and that name is Tara. It isn't that funny. The black girl being named after a plantation. No, I don't think it's funny at all. In fact, it really pisses me off. Now my mama was either stupid or just playing Maine. You can read the script and she can come off as just all attitude. And when I read it, I knew there was something behind that. And so I want to make sure that the stuff that's underneath, that stuff that makes your character come to life, that's the stuff that I wanted to try to bring out. And it's very challenging because you get amped up and you just screaming your head off. Why would you? And you have to realize that, wait a minute. Why am I screaming? Where is this coming from? My life sucks. You can't tear it up. You can't be feeling sorry for yourself. That's just lazy. But why can't I keep it up? Maybe because you can't keep it in the mantra. But you asked you. Tara is so he's oldest friend. They've grown up in the same house practically because my mother's dead. Her mother's a big old drunk. And my grandmother's been the sort of safe place for both of us. So Key and Tara's friendship is important because I think as young girls, they were both sort of the outcasts. So Key and Tara have sort of found each other and have always been a sort of refuge for each other. So what's a fine girl like you doing sitting on bars? And you know, all by itself. I'm watching my fool cousin trying to hit on the straightest man here. He's different from everybody else. That's what I would describe as. He would describe himself as fabulous and sexy and all that and more. He wearing gold pants. I think one of his tactics to be who he wants to be is to just bombard people with him. I'm going to give you all of me and everything I want to be in a little bit extra. It's accepted. Sam? I'm going to wait with you too. Sam. Sam, Tramble, he's playing Sam Ralot. Sam is just a really good guy. I'm talking about both the actor and the character. Actually, there's a part of you that wants to just turn to Sam because he's right there and he's a good guy and he's really in love with her. He's a mysterious guy and he is and he's not who he seems to be. And as the show goes on, you sort of find out some pretty intense secrets about him. It's also quite interesting because I'm English. Anna's from New Zealand. Brian's from Australia. Routine is from Vegas. Sam is from the south originally. That's quite a big mix of people that we're all playing seveners. I think that says a lot about Alan and his faith in who he's cast. The one unifying thing about vampires in this world is that they are dangerous. What's a bang, bang, a vampire groupie? Man and women who like to get bitten? Most dogs. Vampire's fun. Humans intensely attractive because humans have blood. There's human blood on true blood and there's vampire blood on true blood. The human blood is more brightly colored, more like you would see when you prick your finger. Vampire blood is very dark and very thick. What's up? What's up? What do you have, Am I? You won't be. God damn it, suck it, you want to live or not. Vampire blood is a very volatile organic drug. In this world, it is the hottest drug around. In large doses, it can heal people who have been brutally injured or who are sick. It can also make you go mad. What you taking him home? I just need some VJs, I need it bad, my body is starting to hurt. Now just need to get it in me. VJs is like the best drug out there. It's a super duper after DZIAC for humans. It also enhances all the senses. This sauce is different from what you usually make. No, it's delicious. I can close my eyes and I can see the farm and pig live down. I feel the sun in the rain on my face and even taste the earth, the herbs grew out of me. We've decided to approach the supernatural, not as if it's something that exists outside of nature. It actually is a deeper form of nature. One of the things I'm most proud of was the actual design of the vampire teeth. They were modeled after snake teeth where they unfold from the back palate of the mouth. What we did to aid the digital guys is we created a mechanical model where the teeth actually did this in live action. For me what's really challenging and fun is to figure out how to make the vampires vampiric. Without it being too stereotypical or just gaffy or just scary, it's interesting to not make the vampires too over the top. Our vampires, the day that they are turned, is where they've been locked into time. Bill is our hero vampire. We pale him out and then we do this wonderful burgundy shadow around his eyes and hollows out his eyes and make some of that little glint in his eyes. Everybody has different challenges and that's what's so much fun. I never quite know what's going to show up the next morning. One of the things we're doing here is setting up a burn on a house here in Shreveport, Louisiana. That is a vampire nest. We were showing a house and it said, oh you can burn this one for $300. We found out that it used to be a whore house at one time. Also a crack hanging out. That was about all the information we ever got. All right folks, here we go! Action! The scene is that the three country guys come out with Molotov cocktails and throw inside the house. Start it on fire and you'll find out why. I'm a novelist and a short story writer and I've always written about fires. So to see a real house burning that I visualized first was Phenomenon. Who's gonna have to show you? We let it burn about three minutes and then we called it and had the fire department come in. The house couldn't collapse and fall down to ashes because they have to pull coffins out in the aftermath. What we got here is we're dressing some of our vampire victims. This is a build off of an artificial skeleton. The other bodies you see here are a little bit more complex as they were built out of custom molds and cast and silicone. This four-centre remains inside four coffins. We can't let you go in there. Hey, your hands up me, Andy Belser. I swear to God I will kill you. So that's big. I'm really trying to avoid all the vampire clichés. I watch just about every single vampire movie. Most of them told me what I don't want to do when I avoid the crazy contact lenses. I want to avoid the opera music. I want to avoid the blue light. I'm just really trying to keep it as rooted in nature and in the characters as possible. Every little bit is so perfect. What are you? It's a story you've never seen before. It's a world you've never seen before. It's fun, it's sexy, it's dangerous. I think it's a show I would watch. That's the only thing I can do is try to create a show I myself would watch. Have a nice day now. I'm just going to watch the movie. I'm just going to watch the movie. I'm just going to watch the movie. I'm just going to watch the movie. I'm just going to watch the movie. I'm just going to watch the movie. I'm just going to watch the movie. I'm just going to watch the movie. I'm just going to watch the movie. I'm just going to watch the movie.