 Explore this is Houston. Go ahead, he's set. Mission aboard. Here we go. Harry! I've got you. I've got you. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Born in Mexico City, filmmaker Alfonso Cuarón found his path in life at the age of six. I fell in love with cinema very early on in my life. One of the earliest things that I fell in love with was the craft itself in many ways is the language of cinema. Impressed by the innate grasp of cinematic language Cuarón displayed in his first feature, a Spanish language romantic comedy, the executives at Warner Bros. gave the young filmmaker the chance to direct his first studio film. I guess that in my first film they saw that I had a possibility as a filmmaker. They gave me a lot of freedom to do a little princess. It's been discovered that your father has died, leaving you panellists. You are alone in the world, unless I decide to keep you here. What I love about Sara in a little princess is that she's a character that goes through adversities through compassion. She managed to transform not only herself, but the people that she touches. Cuarón's cinematic talents caught the eye of the creative team behind the Harry Potter series, who were looking for a director for the third film in the franchise. Expecto Patronum! What's special about the third book is that it's the transition between childhood into teenage years. It allowed me to start integrating a bit darker themes because now they're growing up. I hope he finds me. When he does, I'm better kill him. As the characters in the story matured, So Cuarón invested this third chapter of the saga with themes that would help lay the groundwork for future films. It's a universe that speaks so much about our world. In terms of human relationships, relationships of affection, but also in terms of the politics in which we live. It deals with issues about social class, about injustice, racism. Parents who are not want someone like me teaching that. The experience of directing Harry Potter changed the course of Cuarón's career in unexpected ways. I was learning and I was discovering all the time. And I guess that if I had not been given the opportunity of doing Harry Potter, my films after that would have been very different. So maybe I would not even dare to do them. Harry Potter liberate me, freed me to just think the film that I wanted to do without knowing that it's possible to make it. Pushing the boundaries of what is possible in cinema has become an Alfonso Cuarón trailer, particularly with his next Warner Bros. film, Gravity. I knew that I wanted to do something in space and I have this one image, this astronaut, spinning into the void. That can be described as something physical, but also it could be something emotional. To flesh out his idea, Cuarón reached out to his frequent collaborator, Oscar-winning cinematographer, Immanuel Lubezki. I remember saying, hey, Chivo, I wrote this tiny movie. It's only two actors in space and we can do it very quickly. And he read the screenplay and he just said, are you crazy? And everybody told us that the technology was not ready for that. Cuarón and his collaborators had to invent new technologies to bring his vision to the screen. The process took over five years. We were going through and charted territories. Until we finished what we did now, if the theory was going to work or not. What do I do? What do I do? Gravity became an international hit, winning seven Academy Awards, including two for Cuarón himself as director and editor. When people embraced it, I was just in heaven. And then it started performing box office. Wow, that was more than what I had expected. It'll be one hell of a ride. At the end of the film, they asked, are you happy? And the only answer I can give is if a fox has been chased by hounds for five years. And after five years, the fox gets away. The fox is not happy. It's relieved. So I was extremely relieved. And Warner Bros. was very courageous. I'm very grateful for their trust.