 We had set up in the first film that the undersea nations are made up of seven kingdoms and one of them is known as the last kingdom of Necrus. There was once a seven kingdom and then one day, a reacord of the mistricking from the chronicles. Necrus is ruled by King Cordax, who is the brother of King Atlin. I've stolen nothing from you brother! All they ever wanted was for our nations to live in peace with one another. Yes of course, with you ruling over them all. King Atlin also intumes him underneath thousands and thousands of ice, which we now know is Antarctica. After we finished the first one, I had some general ideas over the whole thing that we would end up at Antarctica and the polar ice capsule would be melting. That was the extremely important thing to me and obviously the James. Visually this lost kingdom is a lot harder and tougher, stronger, and that's a really interesting visual to juxtapose with the look of Atlantis. It's very hard and almost communistic in its architectural approach. If you read the comics, Necrus actually did exist. It's kind of like what happens when evil overcomes a society that people in the society else suffer. We are currently in the war room, which basically illustrates the entire movie visually in concept art before the movies even been built. So if a person came in here, they could see how we start the story with Mantos gang in Antarctica looking for the lost kingdom. And once they get into the ice cave, they encounter Cordax, the King of Necrus. This big model, this is a half model, the sets really this tall, it's going to be digitally extended. This is the throne room where we had a flashback scene where Cordax confronts his brother and they get a big fight. Necrus before, it was in tuned in ice, it's entirely digital constructs, but then there are elements of that that we built as sets. One of the most important things about being a movie production designer is finding something new and making it look old. Everything we built is new, so there's just tons of little ways we know how to age and degrade something rusted, make it feel ancient. We had quite a chore here because we're treating all the necrus stuff of anywhere from five to seven thousand years old. We're here shooting the flashback sequence on the Necrus bridge where Atlin and Cordax and their armies clash together. The tricky part, we got to create choreography in action for probably like 30 stun guns and we want to make it look like thousands of soldiers fighting each other. When you're rehearsing with them on a regular stun stage, they're wearing their regular gym clothes, no helmet, nothing restricting, but today they got to rehearse in their full on armor. There weren't helmets that their visuals weren't the greatest, swinging around spears, and so it took some planning. This is a section of the throne room fight between Arthur and Black Manza. James Wan wanted to use a Wander and the way that the bolt X rig works is it could shoot from high to low to wrapping around angles at a pretty lightning fast speed that normally couldn't do with a regular camera on set. One of the hardest things to do is a true Wander and hitting your marks with a machine that doesn't miss its mark. It was like I think 53 takes, but they did an amazing job. Cordax is a fantastic costume to do. We designed the Cordax armor in the computer first. Cordax is just incredibly complicated design from top to bottom. Taking that design and taking this very ornate texture and detail was quite difficult to try and figure out how to make that as a functioning suit. So we spent a lot of time doing R&D on what would be hard as armor and what would be soft and flesh. And ultimately because there was an existing 3D model, we ended up 3D printing basically the entire suit. The Necrusian Undead are mainly a mixture of full body prosthetic and visual effects. These creatures that has evolved over thousands and thousands of years. We took the Necrusian soldier silhouette and costume and had been adding layer upon layer of latex shells, seaweed, kelp and then aging them down heavily. The Undead was actually broken up into three tiers. So we built the Hero Front Line 20, which is a combination of male and female, civilian and soldier. We have six heroes that have acrylic teeth and it gives them a hard articulated version of the teeth. So it gives the illusion that their lips have kind of eroded away. They look incredible, I'll put together. Where's the first movie? We had a lighted tone to it. We felt this one needs to have a bit more weight to it. The environmental aspect of it is very important. And Necrus is a representation of the fact that we can keep drilling, but one day we're going to crack something open and unleash an evil that we cannot stop. Thank you.