 The time has come. I prove that you're worthy. The mission has come aboard. The mission has come aboard. The mission has come aboard. The time has come. I prove that you're worthy. The mission has come aboard. Category 4, Hurricane Arthur is due to make landfalls some time after 2p. How about Arthur? After the hurricane? After. I mentioned. He's a king, isn't he? He's more than that. He's living proof our people can coexist. He could unite our worlds one day. Sir, secure the cap. The dress signals disabled. We're running dark again. But they heard it. You can count on it. I'll make you a deal. I won't tell you how to capture it. And you don't tell me how to pirate it. This was your grandfather's. He was one of the Navy's first frogmen during World War II. He was so stealthy in the water. His unit nicknamed him Manta. But after the war, his country forgot about him. So he went back to the war. And he went back to the war. And he went back to the war. And he went back to the war. And he went back to the war. And he went back to the war. And he went back to the war. So he went back to the sea scavenging and surviving with his wit. And this knife. He gave it to me when I was your age. And now it's your son. Once you've obtained the pledge of the four kingdoms, you will be ordained... Ocean Master. That is merely a title. I'm the fool, King One. As Ocean Master, you'll be commander of the greatest military might on this planet. I am a natural choice to lead it. Are you? It was forged by the greatest weapon masters in history. Prefted from Poseidon Steel for King Adlen, the first ruler of Atlantis. The Ocean's walled us. And Atlantis sank. But the very power that collapsed our civilization also paved the way to our future. It gave us the power to save our future. The ocean's walled us. And Atlantis sank. But the very power that collapsed our civilization also paved the way to our future. It gave us the ability to breathe underwater. And so we evolved. Others regressed, became savage. And the King lived out the remainder of his days and self-imposed exile. You've come all this way to take sides against your own people. There are no sides in a war like this. You have clearly chosen a side and come here to challenge the throne. That's what it takes to stop the war. Are you invoking the combat of the Kings? Call whatever you want. I call it an ass weapon. Try defeat the first born son of Atlanta in a formal challenge in front of everyone. That all seven kingdoms will have to concede that I am the one true king. Hell yes, I challenge you. And when I win if you win, I will cease all immediate action. The war is over. Revenge is something we at Latvians understand. You will lead my finest commandos as your personal army to hunt down the half-breed abomination. I cannot touch them. But you can. He's fled to your world. Kill him and the woman he's with and you will be rewarded. Killing amaze my reward. You're afraid. But... You're ready. The war could be greater than I can. A hero. A king fights only for his nation, you. Fight for everyone. You defeat the brine king and you will command the greatest military might on this planet. Today we unite our kingdoms. Tomorrow we scorch the surface. Rise Atlanta! We'll bend my bloodshed. Just God's make them their will. Let's go. Let's go. That bring water. No, I'm sorry. I drank it all the way here. What? Bro, it's hot up there. You're the best. You're the best. You're the best. You're the best.