 Pasting this movie was the most fun. It was just like kind of all our dreams coming true. Margot is always able to make things rounded and relatable and very emotional, even when it's ridiculous and heightened and funny. Margot and Ryan, they're daring to fail, and yet they never do. To see those two go toe-to-toe, on set every day and the improvisation that they got to have with it and just how much fun they brought to the characters was so, so great to see. Even though he's so wonderful and dramatic roles, I knew he was really funny. I mean, it's Margot and Ryan, they're both just extraordinary. Margot was able to do anything and up for everything and it was really fun to work with her. He's really going for it in his memory, and he does a lot of singing and dancing. I mean, it's just hilarious. We had to create a world of Barbies and Kins. And I remember talking to Yisun saying, in my fantasy world, she's president. Why not? Right? To be able to wear my presidential stash and rule and kick it over Barbie land is a treat. To see all of these different types of Barbies, it's really important. We're all one Barbie, but we all have one consciousness, but we have our own traits. Instead of checking the box that says other, I get to sit at the table and that's really exciting. To be on set because someone sees something and you is really special. I feel so beautiful. So do I. This is the best day ever. Just walking onto set and seeing the dream house that first day, it felt like that childhood wish being fulfilled. I almost cried. My heart exploded when I came onto the set for the first time. It was so amazing. Kate McKinnon plays our weird Barbie. She's just a divine human being and incredibly gifted comedic actor. I'm so happy. So beyond happy to be here. Playing this character and participating in this genius script and piece of art. It's crazy. Oh! We gravitated towards smart, funny women to be Barbies. And then of course, Ola Kens. Hi, Kens. Hi, Kens. Hi, Kens. This is one of the best scripts I've ever read. It was every bit as incredible as you would have imagined. It was a great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great and we bonded an incredible amount during filming. And we have this awesome handshake that we created. I'm very proud of it. I have moments where I'm like, yeah, I've been with these people for months, but also internally, I'm freaking out. I'm like, I don't know what my life is. I'm standing next to Will Farrell. Will is just the most divine human being. So kind, so professional, so funny. I got sent to script and then immediately saw a brilliant piece of satire and this really smart look into the world of Barbie and it did seem like this world you wanted to just be a part of. Will Farrell on a tan and bike was one of the highlights of my filming career up until this point. It was terrific. We had so much fun with the casting on this movie. I think there's lots of cameos that people love to see and get really surprised by. Rather like David Attenborough doing a narration on a nature film. I'm the wise and knowledgeable and objective voice telling the story of Barbie. I couldn't be happier than I'm part of this film. It's been really fantastic. Where else would I get to play half-man, half-fish? My big guy is thirsty. It's just been a lot of fun. I'm a big fan of the hair. It reminded me of how much I used to love playing dress up as a kid. It was a wonderful opportunity to cast just incredibly talented, funny, beautiful, brilliant, and interesting people to kind of be part of the kaleidoscope that is Barbie. And it was just really exciting.