 They see you on the battlefield beach. Huh. Oh, it's just water. Yeah, that goes. See you on the Malibu beach! The final epic can battle. It's just how it sounds. Final, it's epic, and it's a battle. It went from being this song that was maybe going to be placed somewhere in the film to this song that they built this kind of epic battle around. They have zero information about what war is. We ride in on their horses, because they discover the horses are men extenders. And the weapons we have are balls and the cross-sticks. I instantly knew what the Ken song should be. Greta is like, we love that song. Actually, can you make it long-groom? So we're essentially scoring like 11 minutes just around the Ken song. Growing up, I loved the Nutcracker. The battle between the toy soldiers and the rats, the absurdity of it. That's something I was thinking about when we were creating this battle. Super-increasing, it's crazy. It's just so majestic that it causes the multiverse to implode. It's like the telephone game from the real world. It's been distorted by the time it gets back to them. And they're just kind of doing their best, but it's really the worst. There's these two groups led by Ryan and myself and they're going to war. Greta came up with the concept of having the fight mixed in with dance. The more ridiculous that we can make it, the better. It's so ridiculous, it's magical. It looks like it's slow motion. It's actually everyone's game. It's like using that kid's imagination where they create something out, nothing like a chariot out of umbrellas. The dance stuff sort of fed in from their duets, a bit of tango and like stupid movement, like missing punches, but going through the eyes. We've been shooting kind of like this arrival from Team Ryan, from the horse peddlers, the horse peddlers on a beach. It was crazy to play that scene with beach bulls and soft weapons and rubber duckies with the like commitment of a real war. There's bouncy balls flying all over the place and people are going down and getting stabbed by lacrosthics and then all of a sudden Ryan and I meet. This moment of the beach off.