 I want to be the second dance, like a fan. Watch me. I wanted to create this world of Barbie land that was like a soundstage musical from the 1950s. I knew I wanted to have a giant Barbie dance number that would lead into her existential fears of death. You guys ever think about dying? I don't know where I just met them. Jenny out, Lance choreographer, and Lisa, who she works with. Did the most amazing choreography? Bessing about it is actually pretty simple moves that you could do in your bedroom at home. But when you do it all together, it's something really impactful and fun about it. One of the things that we discussed early on was how the Barbies were going to move and try and establish their character. That it's not going to be this rigid quality that you see in Barbie dolls. Nothing stiff, robotic. It was more just like an elegance and awareness of your body. Barbie. It's a little long. Hello, Barbie. For the Barbies, dance rehearsals are like albuming time. That was like where we all kind of became best friends. Hi, Barbie. It was great to have a couple of weeks of rehearsals with the Barbies beforehand, getting to meet the dancers and being in the studio space. I'm not making up. I could dance, I could dance, I could dance. We auditioned a lot of dances. We needed all looks, all sizes. We started on our own as the Dan Bars working with Jen and Lisebaugh. And then we brought the cast. We were nervous to be working with them, but they were nervous to be dancing with us. The amendment gratification and perwatched it for the visitors. It was amazing. We actually spent about five days shooting the big Barbie dance at the beginning because it's also a scene and kind of complicated. Hi, Barbie. Hi, Barbie. Hi, Barbie. Hi, Barbie. I always sort of associated Barbie with disco. Disco as a musical genre. It's assumption is you want to dance. I knew that Greta was really psyched on the Bee Gees, but some of the most flawless disco dance music ever. I am kind of a musical theater super nerd. And all I ever really wanted to do was sing a dance. And I got to do it with Greta Gerwig, Margarabi and Ryan Gosling. The boys are really getting into it. This deri and Gosling definitely impressed everyone. He was so funny. He really was so really good dancer. Hi, Barbie. Michael Sarah, who plays Alan. He's dancing his hilarious. My dance number here at Block Party was like maybe one of the first things I shot. It's the kind of thing you might be nervous to do normally, but there's this huge energy and there's so many people. And everybody's just like embracing and having fun. Just get caught up in it.