 MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC Grota described weird bobby in the script as a cross between David Bowie and a hairless cat. It's so strangely accurate. MUSIC If you asked me to pick a role for myself, it would be Weird Barbie. Hi, how are you? MUSIC Well, Weird Barbie was truly the Barbie you play with too much. You brush out her hair and then you decide you want to cut it and then you see what happens if you light it on fire and you draw all over her face. You put her in the splits and try to change her clothes. I had this idea of like, well, we have to have a Barbie that represents that fate of so many barbies. And I want to try to be funny and wise. Kaken and Melissa first person I thought of. We've actually known each other since we were 17 or 18. I went to college with Grota and we were in a playwriting class together. I was like, aww. MUSIC MUSIC We're going to be okay here ready to go. The one told me that she was being the Barbie movie. I was like, Grota is making the Barbie movie perfect. I have to have a part of it. What can I do before? I was thought she was the most talented person I ever met. It was really special when we were on set together. It was a very full circle moment. So you can go back to your regular life or you can know the truth about the universe. The first one? No. We'll do what we do. We developed it sort of together. I mean, she had a very strong idea. I'm like, she knew what a Weird Barbie was. Yes. She is like a shaman figure. The keeper of everyone's hidden weirdness. A Barbie is put together. A Barbie is perfect. And Weird Barbie is the one who's allowed to be asymmetrical, messed up. And what we all have inside of us is externalized in this piece of art. And they look like me. Ah! Oh! Sorry. I understand. I set myself up for that. I'm going to be a part of this story. I'm going to be a part of this story. I'm going to be a part of this story. I'm going to be a part of this story. I'm going to be a part of this story. I'm going to be a part of this story. I'm going to be a part of this story. I'm going to be a part of this story. I'm going to be a part of this story. I'm going to be a part of this story. I'm going to be a part of this story. I'm going to be a part of this story. I'm going to be a part of this story. I'm going to be a part of this story. I'm going to be a part of this story. I'm going to be a part of this story. I'm going to be a part of this story.