 One, two, three. Marga. Hi, Ken. This is really fun for me. Greta was the first person in the only person we went to. I love her as a writer. I love her as a director. I knew that she would be one of those directors that could deliver something that would be a cinematic experience but also have something to say about the world we live in and something that feels relevant and current. My heels are on the ground. Who? Five, six, eight. Wow! To be totally frank, I was like, oh, there are so many ways to do this wrong. What a terrifying prospect. I'm fine. Are you okay? It's a filmmaker. I'm always looking for something that seems impossible. Yay, space! We started writing it in earnest in March of 2020, which was when New York City went into complete lockdown. We were in our apartment and going out on the fires came to get air and it was just scary. It was one of those times and we had no idea if movies would ever be made again. And so there was a kind of euphoria and freedom in feeling like, well, if you were going to write one last insane movie, what would it be? What was so exciting about writing this is it was like an escape hatch into this crazy, magical, funny land that we were able to really make each other laugh. You have to go to the real world. You can go back to your regular life or you can know the truth about the universe. The choice is now yours. The first one, the high heel. You have to want to know. Okay? Do it again. It reminded me of everything I loved growing up, but somehow was still like nothing I'd ever seen. The title page said Barbie and Ken and then Ken was scratched out. I was laughing from the beginning to the end. I don't know that anybody could create and do what Greta has. It's so unique and fun because that's who Greta is and that's a real gift. Sublime! That's amazing. Great. I loved that one. Wow! The mother shit! I went to Mattel and I said, okay, so are they're not characters? And they say, no, no. All of these women are Barbie. And I was like, all of these women are Barbie. They said, yes, that's correct. And I thought, I mean, even philosophically, that's a pretty blow your mind thing. A self is split into many and Barbie is everything and everything is Barbie! It's almost like you got it. But you got it. You got it. Try it. You got it. What are we doing? You got it. Try it. The emotion comes through with it. Like, you love her. Right. You know, you do. You love her. She's your mom. Sort of early, I did decide that I wanted there to be a mother daughter story in the movie because, listen, I'm interested in mothers and daughters. I just am. Barbie was made because Ruth Handler said, my daughter doesn't want to pretend to be a mother. She wants to pretend to be an older girl and embarked on this idea of making Barbie, who she named after her daughter, Barbara. And so it felt generationally potent between mothers and daughters. No one I were talking about it. We both sort of hit on it together. The person who wants the doll there is the mom. And we were both like, that's it. The girl hates Barbie. It's like this expectation that the girl is going to be like, oh, you're so wonderful. And she's like, who are you? The mom is the connection. It suddenly like activated it and made it so much more exciting. Grados said she had been thinking of me and the role of Gloria, which was so flattering. She is the every woman. She's like all of us. She has this really strong, close mom-daughter relationship. And her journey is one of finding her voice. It is literally impossible to be a woman. You are so beautiful and so smart. And it kills me that you don't think you're good enough. I want to give people a sense of like, you're okay and you have value just as you are. It is not something you earn or you need to achieve. You don't want to celebrate everything women have done, but we also don't want to be saying like, unless you do that, you haven't done enough. I think that in a way, symbols like Barbie are important to be able to reflect back the enoughness of just being a girl, being a woman, being a person. Thank you. And I think that's what I wanted to explore in this movie. You're so beautiful, Barbie. Thank you, Barbie. I feel so beautiful. I feel so beautiful too. I do too. This is the best day ever. It is the best day ever in socialism. It's so smart. I wanted to paint in big, beautiful broad strokes and build this crazy world and have it be funny and real and relatable that can show really what made us laugh and what made us smile and what gave us joy. And it was the highlight of every day. That spirit got into the movie. We're Barbie! Get it, Barbie! AHHHH!