 music bye you enjoy i'm coming see you later good bye nice to meet you ansgroaning hi to be continued ha ha ha Yeah! I need a little bit of a guy! I'm free! I'm free! Who's kidding you, Gah? You seem like trope. Oh no, sir! I'm one of August's butlers, daughters. No trouble at all. Just be. Ha-ha-ha! Who did that in? I pulled. I ain't gonna let you marry my son, because you and the family are way. Pretty girl like you can take his mind. But you can't have his money. He ain't got no money. See, my sister and her husband say I can live with him as long as I please. Now I come here out of respect. Tt. But if Dane 9 again, they'll show right now and again. Don't keep me waiting! You keep your head held high, just like Mom Toss. I'll come visit you when I can. Even if we have the part, you and me. I have one heart. We win with him. Hit him. Rying. Field. Only that. We win if the world is convinced of two things that you are a fine gentleman and a great baseball player. Like our savior, you... You've gotta have the guts to turn the other cheek. Hey, number one. You playing ball or socializing? Playing ball, huh? Playing ball. Maybe tomorrow we're all where 42. That way they won't tell us apart. Hey, you. Hey, you. Hey, you. Good boy. You're true. You're true. I said move and dead. I mean tired. Other units get four fresh bodies a month, but something always seems to go wrong with our paperwork or movement orders. How many missions have your men flown, Colonel? Most of flown well over 50, which is the standard cutoff point in which white pilots are sent home. And your men are still flying. They don't know what else to do with us, sir. That's enough class. Give it a bag, Titz. What you grinning for? You failed. You must be darker than the bag to be in my show. Now get going with your high yellow. Next. What you grinning for? You failed. You must be darker than the bag to be in my show. Now get going with your high yellow. Next. Next. I Come on I Get on out of here What the hell you Hey Where's the rest of that swathe relevant to the make mill in case if you want more you'll have to file a discovery motion with a court just like anybody else That's what I'm about to date Mr. Stingson Expect that motion soon. I look forward to a counselor You want to check out the Mockingbird Museum on your way out of town? It's one of the great civil rats landmarks of the South It's easy to see this case is one man trying to prove his innocence But when you take a black man and you put him on death row a year before his trial and Exclude black people from serving on his jury When you base your conviction on a chorus testimony of a white fellow and Ignore the testimony of two dozen law abiding black witnesses When any evidence proven his innocence is suppressed and anyone who tries to tell the truth is threatened This case becomes more than the trial of just a single defendant It becomes a test of whether we're going to be governed by fear and by anger or by the rule of law Oh Next to you know you look up you don't freeze up. You say no where you at This is crowns territory We don't want to trouble brother. We just passing through Besides the ribions political should reconsider lecture me on politics I need everybody to be at the me yeah I'm here! Distinguished flying cross We're taking out the destroyer General Crowe will be here next week to officially present it to you You