 It feels very surreal on a day like this on our first day with the suit. I'm exhilarated, I'm excited, a little nervous. It's not really feel real until right now. And I'm ready to get into it. Now slowly give it a close. This was during our camera tests for the suit. We were very, very excited. This was right before we started. It got us on the right energy. Being able to see Sholo feel comfortable and enjoying himself. Honestly, this was the day that we felt, okay, this is going to work. With a lot of these superhero movies, you kind of have to think like, what haven't we done before? Lubeedal is a movie that we're building from the ground up. Yeah, buddy. And I think it's so exciting to get to a Malchemy, the best parts from Heimez's story in the comics over the years for a fun, good old movie. Ha ha yeah! Really it's the best superhero out there if I do say so myself. Guys, we go for a position. Good energy guys. Let's start off with the bang. Everybody's been working hard. We started at 11. Hopefully this sets the tone. Oh, we're ready to go. Welcome to the set up, Lubeedal. Come on in. The fact that we're creating the first representation of Lubeedal out into the world is very unique. I never thought this story was going to be told, but I'm so happy because we've been waiting for it. I saw me rooting! I would hate to have not been involved in this project. I've never seen anything like it. Hell yeah, we're doing this thing. Where are you? Where are you? Lubeedal started when I got a call from these studios. They were like, well, we have this story, but Lubeedal, are you interested? I'm like, well, I like the character of Lubeedal. I like the character of Heimez Regis and I thought that it was interesting to do something focused on a kid that looks like me, that speaks like me, that comes from a family very close to mine. I've been a really big DC comics fan for a long time, and I've gone through so many characters looking for something that felt fresh and new, something that felt a little different. Lubeedal stood out. I tried to own him. Heimez and his character stood out because of his family, the humor, and I just felt like it was exciting for Superhero genre. Our story really relates back to the comics in a lot of ways, but also does some new things that people haven't seen before. After hearing the pitch that Garrett had written, I felt like I had the opportunity of telling an origin story that based on my experiences could connect with a brother audience. Unhell really was able to take this story and bring it to a next level and get our right. The story truly comes from a place of authenticity. I come from a family where storytelling is very important. My grandmother, Carmelita, she was amazing at telling stories. Everybody in my family is amazing at telling stories and that became a currency. The way I grew up, it's basically the Mexican way of telling stories, smashed with the way Americans told stories. And I think that 100% informed Lubeedal. It makes sense. One thing that's very special about this Lubeedal is that it's the third iteration of the Lubeedal Superhero. What makes Lubeedal a little bit different than other superheroes is that Lubeedal has changed a lot over time. The scarab, someone had it before you. All right, you want to dance, huh? I can be a sword. Lubeedal really becomes a reflection of time of an American psyche. So Lubeedal started in 1939 as Dan Garrett. And Dan Garrett was an archaeologist who discovers this magic scarab in this Egyptian ruin. Dan Garrett was looking through this pharaoh's tomb and this scarab attached to him. Dan Garrett really reflects what people thought was cool back then. The world was becoming smaller. We were unnerving things as these things came back. There was a fascination with them. And Dan Garrett and magic were a big part of that fascination. So then eventually Dan Garrett gives way to a new character who's called Ted Gord. Ted Gord was the Lubeedal. What the hell was Lubeedal? Ted Gord reflects another American identity that is more suited for its time. A billionaire is like Reagan era, everything is extreme, Ted Gord. It's a very funny guy. Like Superman, but just that, that is good. Like Jaime says in the movie, Batman, but with ADHD. How come all this stuff is, it doesn't look like... Less ridiculous. He was never able to harness the powers of the scarab. So instead he made his own gizmos and gadgets to emulate that of the scarab. What's interesting and beautiful about those comics with Ted Gord is that the first time they start to really imprint a sense of humor. It really was in those Ted Gord comics that I discovered a great possibility for a tone for the movie. And then later on, this guy Jaime Reyes shows up. Hi! You're not doing this here! Hi! Nice to meet you. Our blue beetle is a Latin of nature called Jaime Reyes. We're basing it up. Jaime Reyes, or his story, are the 2006 comics. He's a guy who represents everything that's amazing about Mexico and everything that's amazing about America. If Ted Gord was America in the 80s, Jaime Reyes is America today. See you. Something that I admire so much about Jaime is that he's so selfless. You know, he's not like Superman where everything's perfect. He's the man's man. He's coming into his adulthood and sometimes it goes well and sometimes he falls on his face. How did you get it to do that? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I was acquired.