 różne hace el 05 22 shows how inter-generational second-degree cabriol USB Nana is probably my favorite character. She has some of the best moments in the movie. I have the privilege of working with the amazing Adriana Barrasa in this movie. Oh, what is that? What's here? She plays the character of Nana, who is high-mes grandma. Nana is the best! I'm the one who's the best! I think everybody has an inner child. And my child heart, when I was here, I said, wow, like in the movies, oh yes. Wait a minute, I'm in the movie. Oh yes! My father went to live to Yuma, Arizona, and he remarried. I'm into a Mexican-American family. I'm a poor sheep. I got to be a part of that family. And I got the good fortune of meeting the man Rudy, who basically inspires the character Rudy. I love him. Nana is inspired by Rudy's mom. Everybody calls her Nana. She's the sweetest, most gentle, most caring person in the world. She's living in the US for like 60 years, and I've never heard her speak one word of English ever. I don't know if she knows what she's saying, it's better. We all have the super sweet, Auela, like figure, but Auela is her powerful woman. At the beginning of the movie, Nana is so regular and beloved, Nanny, who really like dancing and singing. Sometimes when you see Nana, you know, she's being a Nana, but Nana has a secret. She's also a total badass. Nana had a revolutionary past. I'm really, one day we're going to have to talk about Nana's revolution, I passed. She knows how to infiltrate fortresses. A vera, ver, deja, me ver, ese posible el centro. Esa es nuestro entrada. She knows how to use a weapon. How do you know how to hold that so perfectly? Like, you see Nana with the big ass gun, and you're like, this is her. Nana? What are you? I will see this side of Nana that we've been hiding throughout the whole movie. Nana is really fun. It's not important if she is 80 or not. She's a warrior. Mama, call of people, Aliza! Hi! Now we can do it, my son. Her transformation is very personal to me. Listen to me, little girl. I understand perfectly how you feel. We have to be strong. It's time for me to cry. This is not the time. I'm free of it with my character. Because in my work as an actress, I made a lot of the tragedy. I'm really happy to have the opportunity to be in a movie like this. Because my inner child is happy and fun all the time. They give me the opportunity to make this kind of characters who have many fun moments. How do you know that? To have the opportunity to make comedy? Oh my God, it's a present for me. I've had a fantastic time making this movie because she's super here too.