 And here we go. MUSIC London-born and educated Christopher Nolan is one of the 21st century's leading filmmakers. He arrived at Warner Brothers early on the strength of his first two independent films. I was able to get involved with Warner Brothers on my third film in Somnia. It was a big step up for me to enter into the arena of studio filmmaking. We're in the same situation. You didn't need to kill him anymore and I didn't kill him. The executives of Warner Brothers were impressed enough by Insomnia to hand Nolan the reins to one of DC Comics crown jewels, Batman. For me, Batman has a sort of enduring fascination because he is a very relatable character. He's a superhero, he's a self-invented superhero. And I think that's just a very compelling myth. It's not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me. Carving is named forever in the illustrious history of the DC Universe. Nolan added two more films to his Batman trilogy, with The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises. I was very excited. At the end of Batman begins to know where those characters were going to go and how that story was going to develop. There's a lot of potential for aggressive expansion. Beyond rebooting a beloved DC franchise, Nolan's approach to the trilogy brought in the films appeal, attracting mainstream audiences around the world. I'll take on Batman in The Dark Knight trilogy, was giving everything a sensitive validity as valid as the audience would expect in any other action cinema. Bringing his unique talents to bear on the heist movie, Nolan's inception pushed the boundaries of cinema into new territory. I become very interested in the idea of doing a film about the relationship of our waking life to a dream in life. The idea of the film is that the dream space and what happens in there is just as important and just as valid as what happens in reality. When we're asleep, our mind can do almost anything. Adding an historical epic to his already impressive body of work, Nolan brought to Dunkirk a spine tingling sense of reality. I refer to Dunkirk as an intimate epic. It's an epic story with huge events, but to me, intimacy and subjectivity and storytelling was the key to have an approach this tale. What I wanted to do was put the audience on the beach with the guys who were there and allow the audience to experience some of that intensity, some of that fear, some of that suspense. Somebody's got to get off! See the rest of us can live! Having reimagined the heist film with inception, Nolan's next project, Tenet, endeavored to reinvent the spy movie, investing his story with the concept of time inversion. Tenet is a classic spy story. I grew up loving spy movies, particularly the Bond films, but to make it sing to today's audiences, I wanted it to have bigger possibilities, I wanted to do it in a way that I was excited about. The algorithm can convert the entropy of the world. The film deals with this concept of inversion, which is the idea that the entropy of an object or a person indeed could be reversed. Not time itself, switch is direction. We really try to create something that plays as plausible to the eye, what's happening is actually quite impossible. With a cinematic resume second to none among his contemporaries, Christopher Nolan's evolution as a filmmaker continues. Every film you're trying to challenge yourself, because you're trying to give something new to the audience, but you're also trying to advance your techniques in some way.