 Chuk Laurie is often been called the King of sitcoms. It is a title he has earned with more than 30 years as a comedy writer and producer. His first series for Warner Bros. Television was two and a half men. I developed it with a guy named Lee Arenson. We pitched it. And I said, you know, the lead guy is kind of a degenerate, womanizer, drinker, gambler. Kind of like Charlie Sheen. And she said, can you get Charlie Sheen? And I went, I don't know. To Laurie's surprise, Charlie Sheen said yes. The comic chemistry between Sheen and John Cryer, playing his hapless brother, was immediate. What's going on with you? Well, Alan, there's not much to say. I make a lot of money for doing very little work. Sometimes in the middle of the day for no reason at all. I like to make myself a big picture of Margaritas. Take a nap out on the Sunday. Think of Night Charlie. There was no awe moments. We were determined to make it as out loud laugh funny as we could. Yeah, sure. It'll be a little tense at first. But you can lighten the mood with your booty story. Shut up. Two and a half men became a top 20 show. But in the series eighth season, Laurie faced every showrunner's nightmare, losing his star. Charlie Sheen was gone and with him, presumably, the show itself. I remember calling Lerence and saying, let's try and keep going. What the worst can happen? We might fail. But let's try. The producers killed off Charlie Sheen's character and brought in Ashton Kutcher to play a billionaire who buys Charlie's house. Morning. I'm more like... I'm impressed. For the next two years, the show equaled its highest ratings ever. Laurie had done the impossible. Greak casting his lead without losing his audience. It is a singular achievement in television history. We kept the show going for 88 more episodes. We're saying shabby. Going from strength to strength, Laurie's next series for Warner Bros. television was the Big Bang Theory. Oh, I'm a vegetarian. Looks after fish. And the occasional steak. I love steak. That's interesting. Leonard Camp process corn. I began with Bill Praedy. And he told me about the guys he worked with, who were geniuses, who could rattle off pie to 80 places, but couldn't talk to women. And I never go... Bill, that's our show. I'm sorry. Do you speak English? Oh, he speaks English. He just can't speak to women. The show's extraordinary cast and its unique chemistry was apparent to the producers from the beginning. There was a moment in one of the early scenes. Jim was explaining why the seat on the couch was his seat. Why sit there? It's a difference. What's the difference? Here we go. The audience was going crazy. She'll incite. And Junior Burrows, who directed the pilot, looked over at me and just grand-eared at ear. I just remember the moment because we both knew something remarkable was happening. Holy crap, OE NoDi. The Big Bang Theory ran for 12 years, winning 10 Emmy awards, and often landing in televisions, Top 10. Laurie also co-created a successful spin-off from the show called Young Shelton. You think you're so smart. I do. And yet you continue to treat me like a child. Mike and Molly was the story of a couple who fought in love at an overeaters anonymous meeting. I really liked your share. Oh, thank you. You're pretty funny. Yeah, I figured if everybody's laughing, they won't try to kill and cook each other. The premise for Laurie's series, Mom, taps into one of his favorite paradigms, a flawed character trying to do better. Oh dear Lord, how are you ever a stripper? You put glitter on your boobs and deaf leprosy playing nobody's looking at your feet. What happens if a woman's trying to change her life and clean it up, and her mother's a horse train wreck than she was? We're both an alcoholic synonymous. Mom, it's alcoholics anonymous, not alcoholics tell your weight. The Kaminsky method gave Laurie the chance to find humor amid the foibles of aging. What kind of schmuck stops in the middle of a street? A schmuck who could see a red light. Pick a team, Sandy. A cross-ethnic love story is at the center of Bob Hart's Abyssalah, which takes a comedic look at immigrant life in America. So where are you from? Nigeria. Wow. That's a heck of a commute, huh? And coming soon, Boogie starring Sebastian Monoscalco. For showrunner Chuck Laurie, it's the characters who come first. The comedy comes naturally.