 Of the many all stars and Warner Brothers 100 year history, none shines brighter than Clint Eastwood. His history with the studio spans more than five decades. But for many, the role that defined him as a star was Inspector Harry Callahan of the San Francisco Police Department. You've got to ask yourself one question. Do I feel lucky? Well, do you punk? I saw it as a very interesting scene. To me, it was something I'd never played before, but that's the one that sort of kicks it off, where people go, okay, this is going to be a different kind of ride. Eastwood's wild ride through movie history as an actor, producer and director, includes everything from comedies to romantic love stories. What's wrong? It looks stunning. You don't mind me saying so. I come run around the block, howling an agony studying. Behind the camera, Eastwood has directed more award-winning performances than any of his contemporaries. I went off. I'd back his head on the parking lot. Just blood everywhere. I might have killed him. In a career filled with highlights, some landmarks stand out, including the Oscar-winning million-dollar baby. Hey, it was just about in that time and life where I was saying, you know, I think I'll just stay behind the camera. But it's acting thing, you know. At some point, you're going to have to look in the mirror and say, that's enough of that. But in the character, it seemed like I was pretty much the right casting for it. I got nobody but you, Frankie. But you've got me. War films have formed a vinyl thread in the tapestry of Eastwood's career, highlighted by a sensitive portrayal of American sniper Chris Kyle. It's not about them. It's about us. You have to make it back to us. It's not just a big pro-war picture. It shows the total war takes on you. Eastwood's work as a director includes many true life stories, including his portrait of Sully Sullenberger and the Miracle on the Hudson. This is the captain. Brace for impact. I was reading some other things at the time. And every night, the girls in my office would say, have you read this thing on Sully? About the third time I thought, there must be some reason. So I picked it up and read it and liked it right away. No one warned us. No one said you were going to lose both engines at a lower altitude than any jet in history. This was dual engine loss at 2,800 feet followed by an immediate water landing with 155 souls on board. No one has ever trained for an incident like that. No one. Though we became famous playing tough guys, in recent years Eastwood has excelled at more nuanced performances, including his portrayal of Earl Stone, a 90-year-old drug mule for the Sinaloa cartel. I thought that would be fun. I'm going to play my age-say. You know, as you become sort of a senior person in the acting profession, you get to a certain stage and then you have to look for material that taxes you a little bit. And this one did for me as did Gran Turino, which was interesting because it was also a guy who was older, but he was much more of a bigot. Have you noticed how you come across somebody who wasn't a well-edged? You shouldn't have f***ed with it. That's me. Eastwood's westerns are among his most beloved shows. None more than the Oscar-winning, Unforgiven, which turns the legend of the mythic gunslinger inside out. It's the hell of a thing to kill on a man. Take away all these guys. And I always ever gonna. I thought, Unforgiven, talked about the regret of violence. What's it like for any of you? All of a sudden, look back on it one day and you say, what the hell have I done? As a movie maker for more than 50 years, Clint Eastwood has established himself as one of the greatest artists of his time. It's fun to make movies. It's been a good ride. I have no regrets.