 What's she doing? How do you cheat on a rotten test? Ms. Pardon, Front and Center. What do I do? Not you sweet Stella Mae. You. Since you were so interested in talking during your essay test, you can be the first one to read yours aloud. All right, now darling. Please tell us who your favorite famous person is and why you admire them. Why that season is, Rudy. It's Ms. Dolly Parton, rising star of the Grand Old Opera. She was born on a cold winter's night and Locust Reads, Tennessee. She was seen before she could talk. Dr. Miss Worshike now, screaming in the KV. Yeah, I bet. Hey, this is my paper, and I can write what I want. You can film me, Ms. Moody. But I can't say my place, Jonah. Tell me more about this star, Ms. Dolly Parton. Well, I see. It was always ran about music. And I just heard people know. But by the very mountains and seals. What do you mean by that? All I need ever since I was a baby, I always heard it. The music. Mountains make music that sound like angels singing or Dale was fattening, and on the weather, anger mood. She's had a heavenly choir on her, ever since. And then, as Moody brought on my paper, Ms. Dolly Parton, I think you got some real potent tales for expressing yourself in writing. And what exactly do you think she means by that? I have no idea. But I know it's good. I think she meant potential. No, the potential is a writer. My praise coming from Mr. Little Moody. She's a college girl, you know. She's the smartest woman I know. Since when? Since she's seen my talent. Your Dolly, try this song, baby. I need to see if it's long enough. Miss Moody told me to keep working on my paper and read it to the class next week. Can you have a coat too, my lady and mama? I gotta wear it from our reading. Well, I'm gonna need something extra special for the line. I brought this for you, coat Dolly. Oh. It's from my wedding dress. Oh, thank you, I need to stay. He matches my eyes. I know. I got some older to George you could have Dolly. Now, it's color brown and that's the dirt behind your ears. As mama worked on that coat, you could start to feel the life flowing back in our little mountain home. Something dark had tried to steal our joy. But with every color, every stitch that mama sowed on that coat, the darkness receded and the light flooded in.