 There's a crusade coming. Their cruelty to my people is all I've known. I'll pull you down. I'll pull you down. The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The These outsiders, the Harkinians, came long before I was born. By controlling spice production, they became obscenely rich. Richer than the Imper himself. Fremont attacks make spice harvesting extremely hazardous. For the Fremont, spice is the sacred hallucinogen, which preserves life and brings enormous health benefits. For the Imperium, spice is used to put the navigators of the spacing guild to find safe paths between the stars. Without spice, interstellar travel is impossible. That's all my father I didn't want this either. I wanted to be a pilot. You never told me that? Your grandfather said, a great man doesn't seek to lead. He's called to it. And he answers. And if your answer is no, you'll still be the only thing I ever needed you to be. My son. Only the native tribes known as the Fremont have adapted well enough to survive. Preferring to inhabit the remotest regions of Iraqis, long exposure to spice has given the tribe their characteristic blue eyes, the eyes of your bad. Little else is known of the Fremont. Come on. The slow blade penetrates the shields. Uncle, how can we let this up? How can the Emperor take everything we built and give it to that Duke? How? When as a gift, not a gift. The traitor's voice is rising. The Emperor is a jealous man. A dangerous jealous man. A hunter's secret. The operator must be nearby. The Emperor is a jealous man. What would you do if your Anathopter went down here? You wouldn't want to go down there. That's a club. I see it. That's one of your harvesters. The Emperor is a jealous man. The Emperor is a jealous man. Bless the Maker and his Water. Bless the coming and going of him. May his passage cleanse the world and keep the world for his people. The Emperor is a jealous man. The Emperor is a jealous man. The Emperor is a jealous man. The Emperor is a jealous man. The Emperor is a jealous man. This Christmas was given to me by my great hon. It's made from a tooth of shy hallowed. The Great Sandwar. This will be a great honor for you to die holding it. The Great Sandwar. The Great Sandwar. Put your right hand in the box. Your mother bade you obey me. I hold at your neck the gong of a. Poison needle, instant death. The test is simple. Remove your hand from the box. And you die. Not in the box. Pain. Pain. Pain. Pain. Pain.