 So, I hear you're going on a little journey to the big city. Yep. Uh, kind of nervous. Leon says New York is pretty different. Oh, no, I'm scared. I thought I'm pretty attention to Leon. He's never been anywhere. You didn't have to meet feet. I've been in New York thousands of times. Really? What's it like? Sorry! Sorry! Sorry! Well, there are some things you should know. First off, you see, come on the street. Leave it there. It's not free candy. It's up, it's up, it's up, it's up. We live up. Oh, how about all the holes in white? He's got a lot more humbly. Zoom below, zoom below. Oh. And if you see a sign that says, Peep Show, that doesn't mean that they're letting you look at presents before Christmas. Get out! Don't look at me! Get out! Get out! Don't look at me! Get out! Get out! I'll always be here for you. And every time it rains it rains, and it's from heaven. Show me, do me. Don't you know each cloud contains and it's from heaven. Show me, do me. You'll find your fortune falling all over town, trading for a package of sunshine and ravioli. Macaroni, if you want to think you love them. You did it! I'm going to give you a gift. I'm going to give you a gift. If you want to think you love them. You did it! Congratulations! World's best cup of coffee. Great job everybody. It's great to be here. Hi. And every time it rains it rains. And don't you know it's cloud contains. Rain, rain, rain, rain. I don't know it's cloud contains. Say it! You'll find your fortune falling all over town. That's it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you! Hey, boy. Hey! Hey! No! Hey. Hey, boy. Hey, boy. Thank you. No, no, no. All right, get out of here. And you'll find your fortune falling all over town And your parents from heaven Paners from heaven Paners from heaven Well you and me It's okay Walters my father Well your dad's busy right now Okay I'll come back later Yeah you know you're not going to come back for a while Okay you're going to go back to Sanland Okay Okay Sorry, Corey Passion fruit spray? Fruit spray? Sure Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Sorry Sorry Do you want to go? Oh Ow It's out of a nutcracker Run Get up Get up Get up He's got his bed here We better get out of here You know what? We can take him Okay Just start making him as many snowballs as you can You ready? Let's go Run Hey Walters Morning Jack Morning Jack Good morning Mr. Hobbs Morning Sarah It's a nice purple dress Very purpley Let's just go off Francisco That's fun to say, Francisco Hi Do you remember me? I tried it really nicely I know, I've been work clothes Hi You made me feel so young You look miraculous So cute Thank you And I remember you What would you like to do? I got some ideas I'm such a happy Individual The moment That's just Reach out in front of you And take a sip Don't look Well It tastes like a grabby cup of coffee It is a crappy cup of coffee No, it's a world's best cup of coffee The trick is that I get you oil and carbonate water Also, here is your first video Get sick You're so young You just jump in You make me feel very songs to be sung Get it They'll be around And they won't be around No more, no more Look at the size of this one And even when I'm old and grey I'm gonna feel the way I do Come with me Watch out I'm the joke star Make me a little joke star So young You make me feel so young Wow You make me feel there are songs to be sung Bells to be run Wonderful fling to be flung And even when I'm old and grey I'm gonna feel the way I do Today, cause you You make me feel so young Sorry You missed You didn't miss You make me feel so young You make me feel so young Oh, no, no, no, no Oh, no, no, no, no, no Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Goodbye God's like the old age Charlotte Charlotte? Well, I guess we'll never know for sure What happened this Christmas Eve Central Park The whole whole Merry Christmas The whole whole And so, with a little help We managed to save Christmas And his spirit saved a lot of other people too