 Three, two, one, go. Ah! With Evil Dead Rise, it was time to get out of the cabin. Evil Dead is often viewed as, you know, the teens and the cabin in the woods. I kind of wanted to make it more about the specifics of a family and their home. I'm going to bring the evil home rather than having to go somewhere to discover it. Looking at what you would hope would be, you know, a positive relationship with a parent and actually turning it into the darkest version of that. Open up now. Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! I think what's so haunting about being in the dilapidated building and trapped there in the city, it's this claustrophobic slow suffocation of characters in this agonizing position. Everybody here dies by dawn, bad. The location needed to have a real sense of identity. I always kind of felt like the corridor and the elevator are really the forest in this movie, which is a very different vista. And we knew we needed to get the details right, because we were going to spend a lot of time inside these interior spaces. As a production designer, much of us to create that world, where the audience feel like there's no way out dark corners, subtle lighting, kind of build that suspense. The apartment was completely built from scratch. We didn't shoot in a location. It was a set on a stage. It is the most detailed set I think I've ever been on. It felt like a home. It felt like there was personality and stories and memories built into the walls. The world is realistic, but it's slightly heightened in every sense. So the space is enlarged. It's a bit bigger than a normal apartment. Nick was able to take how I wanted this kind of structural playground to be for all the action that I had in mind and turned that into something that also felt like a functioning home for a family. Kanda. I saw an angle really early in a way to tell a fresh and different take on the story and to bring the dead lights back in a different way. And I knew I wanted the book to have a fresh identity. And we'd early on decided that it wouldn't be the face from before that needed to be something else. And I liked the idea that it felt a little bit more alive. The book always gets slight variation. It's a human skin book with pages that are inked in blood. So you got to follow that basic principle. This current one has like, you know, narrowly teetical and open up. You know, I mean, it's, they're never pleasant to look at. The texture of it, the mechanics of it, it's all slightly more complicated. And so I was labored over hugely. So it's ended up being a really, really control. You want to sail just that moment just that kind of thing noticing that that thing is there just as a holiday. I knew we needed a really great big bad in the story. And that was the kind of idea of taking the mother, they're like, maybe the obviously most secure person within the story and then subverting her and subverting her behavior. Really plays on the mother child relationship. Those strong family bonds, we exploit them in this incarnation of evil. Don't let it take my babies. Mother turning against her children is completely scary. The first thing that attracted me to the role of Ellie is that I thought it would be a huge challenge to play the mum of three and at the same time the dead eye. When this mother gets possessed, you literally can't take your eyes off it the way they've done it. They're prosthetics. They're topnotes. It is so long been here for so far. Uh, all those two and a half hours. Directors making horror. Want to use old school prosthetics? They create a more horrific experience for a modern audience. A lot of times I just glued a bunch of stuff on and changed them completely. But with this one, we had to take less as more approach to get as much as we can out of the characters without losing any of them. You should have put the book back, Danny! This is a makeup test we're doing for this prosthetic specifically. I've never tried this one on until now. The prosthetics and blood are definitely something. It's quite an experience to say the least. I'm in my heavy prosthetic and covered in sticky blood. It's super sticky. You get stuck to everything. Literally everything out stuck to the counter, the stuck to the floor. We used like six and a half thousand liters of blood in the movie, which for the record is like real stage blood, not like red water. That was pure proper, made in an industrial kitchen movie blood. And so we used a lot of that. And obviously a lot of it featured in the blood elevator. So it's just later in that performance, maybe when it hits you around the both of your needs. The elevator had to perform so many different functions, sometimes in a tank of blood, sometimes it's being shaken around. These set pieces has to have a very careful planning. The blood elevator scene was one that was kind of baked in from very, very early on in the story. And I think there's a quality to evil dead movies where there's nightmare logic. You're just trapped in the worst possible circumstances. I knew I wanted to have a major, major blood event in this movie. It really felt like that elevator was going to be a fun place to play that game, to take our heroes and just dial it up again and put them in even worse set of circumstances. When I got asked what scene I was looking for, to the most straight away I said the elevator scene because he doesn't want to be covered in blood. Figuring out how to take our two actors and put them in a wooden box that feels a blood from top to bottom was not the easiest thing in the world to do. It's often the things that you glance over in the script the first read. It's going to be the most complex thing, anything with water and blood. It's been wonderful being paired up with now. You know, you have to be aware that this content is really full-on and quite intense. I loved walking with a little leash. It was absolutely great. She literally helped me get into the zone. I think the best thing that I could have passed on is to not take it too seriously because it's so outlandish what we're doing. I've said this to every evil dead actor. You got to be patient and you've got to be kind of tough. You're going to look back and go out and bled. I did it. Not necessarily while you were doing it. I feel really good right now.