 I need you to help me make a fake movie. I'm doing what I was made to do. I believe it to be political, I believe you. I didn't realize you had such a class, John. Good night. And good luck. George Clooney spent 15 years as a journeyman actor in Hollywood, until his role as Dr. Doug Ross on ER changed all that. I was under control. I was in the middle of the night. I was under contract at Warner Brothers in the television department. And Scott John Levy, who was a casting director, leaked me a script to ER. And I auditioned for it. And I got it, got the part. I didn't know that pediatricians could be so sexy. After ER, Clooney's acting career blossomed into feature films. Yeah, that was nothing. Ted Nugin called, he wants his shirt back. By the mid-2000s, he was one of the biggest movie stars in the world. And it made a tremendous difference in my career and the things I wanted to do. And what Clooney wanted to do was go beyond acting to become a filmmaker. One of his first credits as producer was Christopher Nolan's Insomnia. What are you going to do, tell him the truth? You shot your partner. Followed by the Caper Comedy, welcome to Colin Wood. Why are you dressed like a priest? You're an idiot. Clooney's other producing credits include Rockstar, Rumor Hasit, The Informant, and The Groundbreaking, A Scanner Darkly. I'm going to tell you what I'm afraid of. Borrowing a strategy from another Warner Brothers legend, Clooney used his star power to make films that delved into deeper subject matter. Clint always did that, which was all to a big commercial film. Let me do my little film. And we sort of used that model we do. We're going to do an oceans film for you, but then we wanted to Michael Clayton here. And everybody said, OK, fair. One of the first examples of Clooney's commitment as a producer was Siriana, which took an unblinking look at the causes of terrorism. If we are going to claim a war on terrorism, then you have to understand the enemy. You have to understand why they do what they do, and not just to clear them as evil. Why they do an damage assessment on the amigurys and on me. This is about our interests in the region. For his role as Bob Barnes, a world-weary CIA operative, Clooney underwent a remarkable transformation. I had to put on 30 pounds, I ended up putting on 35, but I didn't. I'd grow a beard and shave my hair on that. I probably wouldn't do it again, because it ruined my health, but it was worth doing, because I think it's an important film. For his haunting performance, Clooney won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. That same year, he undertook a project near and dear to his heart. My father's a journalist. I knew the moral story pretty well. And I started looking for times in our history where standing up against all of those other government entities was life-changing and mattered. His proposition is very simple. Anyone who criticizes or opposes Senator McCarthy's methods must be a communist. And if that be true, there are an awful lot of communists in this country. Good night and good luck received six Oscar nominations, including two for Clooney as co-screen writer and director. The film has gone on to have a life beyond the movies. They teach it as a curriculum in schools of journalism, Columbia University places. Clooney produced and played the title role in Michael Clayton, a drama of corporate corruption inspired by the political thrillers he grew up loving. It is a genre film, but it's a genre film in the style of the films that we all like. The films between 65 and 75 in the world of parallax view. And films that have a social conscience. Clooney's performance received one of the film's seven Academy Award nominations with Tilda Swinton taking home the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress. I do everything from shoplifting, housewives to Ben Congressman, and you're gonna kill me. Clooney produced the gripping true life drama Argo and even had the selflessness to step aside for the good of the picture. Originally I was gonna play the part and then Ben called up. He said I wanted to react it and I was like, great. And I want to play the part and I was like, fuck. We're shooting in Iran. You're on with an end. Yeah, and he did a beautiful job with that in one best picture. Clooney's second Oscar. This time as producer, capped off a remarkable run. And the future is bright with his smokehouse pictures slated to produce new films for Warner Brothers.