 So, showrunner CoEP, we just wrapped. We made it! We made it through! How do y'all feel? It's amazing. I mean, you don't get opportunities to do shows like this and so to do it and do it the way we wanted to do it, and for us, it was just great. Innocence, it was like, we're doing it with people that you want to do it with. The input, everybody's input was just invaluable in looking at the cuts, seeing where we came from, where we envisioned in the room, and what we actually produced. It's so close and so similar. What's up, Plum Tamari? I'm Jared. Aisa. Uh... I just feel like we had a really unique and special room. The women, all of the color, all of the sexual orientation. Your ability to choose this great team that complemented each other so well. That speaks to you guys and who you chose. I've been a part of writer rooms where it's like, oh, there's like six writers who are kind of all similar. And fun is that this was like, how do we sort of paint a picture where we're getting something of everybody, and I think that was important to us to make the show more well-rounded? That's backwards. No, it's not. So you got titties on your back now? Eason Molly, you represent at the courts, it's the friendship. It's like the beauty of a friendship that happens to be between two black women and the beauty of the show and the perspective is that it gets to be from the lens of a black woman. There's so much of television that pits black women against whenever and to see like a friendship between two girls who like love each other. And yeah, they fall out, they keep it real with each other, but it's just such a genuine bond. I was asked, do you feel like there's competition because there's so many shows of color that are coming out right now? Uh-huh. Oh my God, but dude, no, I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy they're dynamic people of color because that also alleviates the pressure from us and being like the everything that I didn't see that in this show. One show shouldn't have to represent everyone's black experience. One show doesn't care and can't. And that's what's exciting is that we're in the time when there are many shows or more shows anyway that are starting to do that. Uh, few of the others have some concerns. They're concerns that they can talk to me about? They just emailed me. So there were emails too? They're having secret white meetings and they're sending secret white emails. I remember we were sitting HBO and Esa said a thing where she was talking about. We were talking about the whole title of the show. Esa said, I'm a weak black woman. And it was like a typically on TV all you ever see is like black women who got an attitude or they got to put together or their sexual laws and they fralless and it's like that's not most women when your own network show. Typically, you know, you'll have your main cast and you might have like one character of color per se. And then that black woman has to either be the funny person or this person. You never follow like her story. Yeah. And again, it's not going to be like you never just see the well-rounded thing of like what's her story like? Like when she goes home and she's not in that office, what is her life like? And I think that's what our show is like it follows that person home. Showing the weak black woman, that is the point of it. And putting your insecurity forward is such a brave thing. I love these fendings. I have a problem. Converse. I am. I love how you just like don't even care. Also show like painting us. Laws and all and showing that that's okay. It's showing the journey to being confident about your insecurities and making that universal because everybody does go through that. Everybody goes through a period of self-doubt. And am I doing this wrong and could I be doing this better? And how do other people view me? Do how I'm living my life? And I just think they're so beautiful in knowing that everybody at some point in life has gone through that. And the fact that these women have each other to go through that with is also a beautiful chance.