 MUSIC Writer producer and director John Wells represents the gold standard for quality television. His first series for Warner Brothers was China Beach. A Vietnam War drama set in an evacuation hospital. He joined the show in its second season. China Beach had been done by Bill Breil's and John Sacred Young. Bill Breil's had served. And so he wanted us to meet people he'd served with. And then through them we were able to set up a large group of people that we regularly talked to, nurses and doctors and soldiers who had served there. And it's where most of our stories came from. The I am God, Dr. Routine. You're not the last person they see before they die. Wells first experiences a showrunner was the groundbreaking medical drama ER, developed with writer Michael Crite. Michael was trained as a doctor at Harvard Medical School. And this was his experience as a medical student at Boston General. You need a fast trip, you need a hydration. Don't worry, don't just lie back. The show itself I think was unique because of the pace that it moved. Eight-year-old girl 18% second to be arms back and legs started to be lateral thigh. And because we were not talking down to the audience, we did not change any of the medical jargon. Start an at the glycerin drop 50 and 350 B5W. Wells' dedication to realism was reflected in every creative decision, including casting. All of the extras who were doctors and nurses or techs were actually doctors and nurses or techs. So our actors were surrounded by people who knew how to do it. ER became a top 10 show, winning 23 Emmys and a Peabody Award. Out of more than 300 episodes, Wells has a few favorites. Get a baby warmer and a newborn representation trend, great staff. One of our writers who was also a doctor, we asked him what was your worst fear as an ER doctor. No one would blame you if you wait for a B. The baby monitor says now or never. Why put your ass in the ring? Because I've come this far, I'm gonna see it through. And he told us this was what my worst fear was, and we said go write it. Get him out if you stuck it. Soldiers hung up on the pubic phone. It was about a woman who came in and was pregnant and he ended up losing the mother and saving the child. It was called love's labor's loss. I thought what you did was a heroic thing. Partnering with writer Aaron Sorkin, Wells' next series for Warner Bros. was another landmark. The West Wing. The show tackled political topics with a fearless determination. West Wing was difficult because we were assumed to be a remarkably liberal show. If you go back and watch the show now in the context of where we are, you will not see it as a staunchly liberal show. We still have to convince people we're not agit-props socialists. I think that's sometimes my work here. As with ER, Wells relied on real-world experts to develop his stories. We had writers and consultants from both sides of the political spectrum, and we fought it out in the room all the time, and that's what makes it work. Mr. President, please don't hop on the back of Toby's source. It'll take you to a fight we're not geared up for. We are geared up for it, and if we're not, we should get out. Sure. You first. The West Wing won 26 Emmys and two Peabody Awards. Earning its place is one of the greatest series in television history. This is a time for American heroes, and we reach for the stars. God bless their memory. God bless you. God bless the United States of America. Thank you. Wells' next series for Warner Bros. was, in part, inspired by ER. We got very interested on Third Washington's idea of what happens outside the ER, because we had paramedics in the cops bursting through all the door all the time. We just seem like it'd be fun to look what's happening out before people get to the ER. There's an explosion! I need ambulance to survive a fourth way! Wells' other Warner Bros. series include the Gritty cop drama Southland. I mean, the moves just can't be out there thinking they could shoot at cops and skate, man. I gotta send a message. As well as Animal Kingdom, a portrait of a ruthless crime family. You better not be trying to screw me. Or what? Partnering with British writer Paul Abbott, Wells produced shameless about the misadventures of the dysfunctional Gallagher family. We did 11 years of shamelessly I miss it, because that was like therapy for me. We sat down in a room with a bunch of writers who had complicated families and told our family stories. Happy old Peabody, huh? Don't help your grandfather, Jackie. He doesn't care about us. John Wells has shown an unnerrying instinct to tap into the hearts and minds of audiences everywhere. I refer to every one of our shows as a family show. A lot of them will work families, and how do we care and love for each other? So that's I think what people really respond to.