 Hi there. My name is Ruby Rose and I'm a hunter. Alongside my teammates, Waishney, Blake Beladonna and my sister, Ying Shalong, together, we make team Ruby. We work together to fight Grim and to keep our world pregnant safe. What are Grim? Oh, they're just soulless creatures that want only one thing. Humanity's destruction. No big deal, right? One day, out of nowhere, the justice lake showed up in remnant. We found Superman, Wonder Woman and Batman, while our friends team Juniper found Bixen, Cyborg, Green Lantern and the Flash. They couldn't remember who they were or how they got here, only that they were fighting some big neck thingy and that they weren't from here in the first place. Also, apparently they weren't normally teenagers. So there's that too. Honestly, something wasn't quite right about our world either. It seemed normal, but things felt so out of place. We felt fragmented, like we weren't supposed to be here. We decided to team up and try to figure out what was going on. Together, we discovered that Kilkor, one of the Justice League's villains, was possessing the Flash and had trapped us in a digital version of remnant. A classic superhero story, right? However, Batman and Wice realized that Kilkor hadn't just trapped us, but he accidentally trapped himself too. Bixen did say he wasn't that big of a threat. Green Lantern was able to kick him out of the simulation and return us all back to our own worlds. We're back! But one thing was clear. He wasn't alone. Oh, thank God. You guys okay? What happened? The last thing anyone knew you were fighting Kilkor in Central City and then collapsed. Green Arrow and I loved you guys back before we came back. I was just wondering if you were going to be able to get out of here. I was just wondering if you were going to be able to get out of here. Kilkor in Central City and then collapsed. Green Arrow and I loved you guys back before we got the alert. It's getting worse. We really needed you guys. I've never seen monsters like this. Wait, Canary. Slow down. I had the weirdest dream. It wasn't a dream. We were in Kilkor's digital world. Kilkor's what now? Then he got away. We need to stop him. Here you go. We've got bigger things to worry about. Hold on. You said monsters. I've never seen monsters like what? A bunch of the reserve members have been on rotation watching you guys, hoping you'd get better. That's why I'm here. We're too late. Canary. Where is everyone else? Green Arrow ditchespowers? Green Arrow ruins usually. They're então green. Green Arrow just spares time, he's included in each chamber. Theこ closing the door. Green Arrow leaves his weapon for photon. Green Arrow Ngotna only uses canon to help Shimmer you guys. Green Arrow leaves his weapon. Green Arrow invades no surprise. Gaion, a murder of smothering the group makes it aahanets. smarter. So what do we do? Dr orchestral行了 me, Agui. Are you gonna kill me? No, I'm helping. Go! No! You gotta be kidding me! Oh! Get them to safety! Come on! We've got a height! Are you guys okay? Yeah! Help me! Hey! Hey! Was this what you thought you'd be when you grew up? Or were you a young fat pup donning the cow before your voice cracked? How's Gotham Square? Ridler, Catwoman and I secured it. Nice of him to have. Killer crop too. Can't work with a grim so they'll work with us. Mm-hmm. They're real amiable when they can't save their own. And you worked from Flash and Lantern. No. No contact with Remden yet. You know, it's bad all over. But why does it feel like they have it out for us? So I've worked get here. We need backup. Cyborg! I got you Batman! Here we go! What's that do? Beam it up to the mothership? I got the idea from Killings Digital World. That's your holdin' while. It needs work. It's a problem with the code and I can't seem to figure it out just to sleep. Did that thing just talk? Not! It's the three-meek again! Kill Gord. How are you doing this? Got a plan? Yes. Distract him. The body's in his cracking. Yeah!