 The Justice League in Ruby is the perfect story to tell in two parts because you really want to see both teams as the fish out of water. In part one, you get such an in-depth look at the Justice League when they're dropped into the world of remnant. In part two, we sort of flip the script and our characters are back in this DC world, but things are a little different. They have their powers back that they're used to, they're not dealing with figuring out a symbol, it's like they were in the first movie, so they're kind of back in their own element, their own world. So weird, you're all adults. But now Ruby is having to come into the Justice League's world. Click! Here, it's Superman. So they're having to readjust to what their semblance is are. Blake, where? What, your ears? Uh, what does it mean when you take Team Ruby and give them DC superhero versions of their own looks? We're different here. Team Ruby got a little bit of a costume upgrade, which is really exciting. We have our own super suits. They have to match the Justice League. We did a lot of referencing with existing DC costumes, pulling a little bit of everything to make a unique one for the film version. So that was really exciting to figure out how to reinterpret their characters and do the flip side of it all. So Team Ruby, when they come to Earth, their superpowers are all really parallel to the things that they're so known for in Remnant. Ruby has this really awesome power of teleportation she will transform into a propulsion of rose petals and air. How did you know? When you had semblances, they were like your powers, right? It's not very different from a superhero's power and I feel like in this universe, it fits completely. It's very natural. A really big theme for Blake is the bending of shadows. Her theme song is called From Shadows. So we thought, hey, let's just kind of give her shadow powers. And you know, allows her to create more interesting kind of like summons or or manipulate shadows in a different way. I think it's just a almost very strict parallel of Remnant and Earth's abilities. So Yang has two shotgun gauntlets and then when she activates her semblance, she kind of explodes into fire. Let's just take how she fights, how she uses dust and do that into her physically and just have her cast kind of fireball punches, which is, you know, again, what she doesn't remnant, but now is, you know, a little more magical, a little bit more super-heroy. She's a fiery one. What are you doing? So that's a no on powers in this world. Ys is the only one that doesn't have powers, which we had a lot of fun. We had to really think, what can she do on her own, what can she do by herself? Her semblance is one of the more practice of all team Ruby. It's a family tradition that's how to down in a way. What would be interesting is just for her to not have any powers. What makes you so sure you have powers? Will you all have powers? You should talk to bats about that. Which, you know, her paired with Bruce Batman through both the movies makes a lot of sense too. You know, now she can kind of see what it's like for him, the reverse of it, of going from having powers to not having powers. Adapting the Ruby characters to the classic Justice League style was this really nice treat. You call? When the Justice League first wake up, there's no downtime for them to sit back and sort of reel from the experience. Black Canary shows up and says, where have you been? We needed you. What's going on? There's grim everywhere and they're evolving. All the worlds are being attacked. It's madness. There is no break when you guys are super heroes when the world depends on you. The Justice League are used to facing, you know, these wide-scale innovations, but they also know the shortcomings and they know when they have a threat that needs to be taken down immediately. They're looking to team Ruby to help stop these creatures from wreaking havoc across all these major cities. So it's, it's an, I feel like an interesting level of mutual respect that even though the Justice League is is molding back in their element, they still recognize that, you know, team Ruby smart, they're talented, they're definitely able to help them. You've got wasps coming from the air, a giant dragon slithering through the sky, another sort of sea creature attacking a bridge. This is my kind of party. They're taking on all kinds of forms and it's up to our heroes to really figure out how they're going to take down the Grim and Kilgore in this multi-pronged attack. Whoever is working with Kilgore, what they're doing will destroy us. Kilgore and the Grim are different on Earth. It's like they're bioengineered. Like when they die instead of you bursting into smoke, I don't know what they kind of like drip and melt. What kind of horror could that unleash on the hero who has to face them? We think we know how they operate, who they are, and what they look like, how they behave. It's not perfect at first, but then closer to the end, we start to see them start to perfect that formula, which is quite scary. You know, I do think at first all the characters, you know, they had a decent sense of who they were, but getting to see them gets to know each other and grow together was a lot of fun. It's about legacy, it's about honor, it's about family, with superpowers. It is awesome and I've never gotten to be a part of something that looks like this. It's so special and unique and the animation is so spectacular. It was all just a really awesome project to get to do and figure out how we were going to not only make team Ruby and Justice League cohabitate and combine their forces, but how we at DC and Rooster Teeth were going to combine our forces. In a lot of ways, it was like the pairing of team Ruby and the Justice League. You're pretty smart, Ruby Rose. Let's go.