 You don't make up for your sins in the church. You do it in the streets. Start them up! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Emerging from the 1960s film school generation, Martin Scorsese started his career in low-budget independent filmmaking, but his third feature film, Mean Streets, showed enough promise that he threw the dice and brought it to Warner Brothers, hoping to find mainstream distribution for the first time in his young career. And so we finally show up very sheepishly at Warner Brothers and film stars. We come out going shopping when you're somebody money. Jai, that ain't right. So I am gonna pay him next week. I'm gonna pay you! They got up the world's smiles. That was it. Picture was bought. They even gave me a little office in the Burbank studio. Someone by Warner Brothers had a production, John Callie. Scorsese got a little advice that would change his career. I want to talk to Callie about it. He called me and I should say. And he looked at me and said, look, Mean Streets is wonderful and blah, blah, blah. There's one thing they're saying. You cannot direct women. The opportunity to prove that perception wrong came from Warner Scorsese's friends from his film school days. Francis Coppola just seen the answer print of Mean Streets and he was talking with Ellen Burston. She had just done the Exorcist system, was looking for a director for this special project of hers. Alice isn't the very anymore and he suggested me. He asked me like he loved him. For her remarkable performance, Ellen Burston won the Academy Award for Best Actress. Talk of Scorsese's inability to direct women ceased forever. That's it. I've got to do it. Let's go. Scorsese's next film for Warner Brothers was an unlikely mix of screwball comedy and film noir called After Hours. There's an angry mom about there and they want to kill me because they think I'm robbing apartments. The film brought Scorsese the best director award it can and has become a cult classic. I mean, I just wanted to leave. You know, my apartment may be meet a nice girl. And now I've got to die for it. Wake up, Henry. For his crime drama Goodfellas, Scorsese adopted a deceptively simple approach for telling this tale about life in the mafia. It's like a guy telling a story on a street corner and it's a monologue. As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster. Goodfellas was a tour de force for Scorsese, who had known characters like these in the little Italy of his youth. Having grown up around that, I thought it would really be interesting to make a picture and make it with an energy level that would just blow the place apart. Oh, God, I see it. And as he delves into drugs, it gets even faster. Now, my plan was to start to dinner early, so Karen and I could unload the guns that Jimmy didn't want. Three! It is impossible to imagine the film's most famous sequence directed by any other filmmaker. Wait, wait, no fun. Just, you know, you're just funny. It's funny how you had to take it to a level where the next move was violence or not. You're funny, like I'm a clown, I have you, you. I make you laugh. What do you mean funny? Continuing his evolution as a filmmaker, Scorsese challenged himself creatively with the aviator, a screen biography of Howard Hughes. It was really learning about action, filmmaking, and also the complexity of a man who had mental problems, who could fly planes and crash land them. I was afraid to touch a door now. Scorsese's next film, The Departed, allowed him to return to one of his favorite genres, the crime drama. But as always, his starting point was the characters. I'm interested in people who are decent or good, whether it's something within their nature or their background or their upbringing or whatever, and the circumstances end up doing bad things. I don't want to be you, Frank. I don't want to be you. It's really a story about the people stuck in a world where they can't get out, and it's about trusting betrayal. Rats, it's wearing me thin. The Departed won four Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director. But for Martin Scorsese, cinema is about more than awards and accolades. Cinema is a calm film. It allows us to see ourselves, see who we've been, how we've revolved, and for me, the cinema is one of the greatest means of artistic expression. It's a great art form.