 We've got company. Three hundred meters. She's right above us. Great. More bags. The mag, too. It was taking the original mag and then supercharging it and giving it bigger creatures. Bigger action. Bigger monsters. Bigger environments. Oh, wait. They're not only more Magadal dons, they're other creatures. There's a new world we get introduced by this movie, which is quite exciting, I think. I mean, it is sheer aquatic chaos and it's awesome. It's coming back around. Morning, everyone. Let's get the show underwater. In this film, they follow the makes back down into where they live in the train station. They're going to be in the train station. They're going to be in the train station. They're going to be in the train station. They're going to be in the train station. Over the makes back down into where they live in the treacher and they investigate the trench and we see more of what was down there and weowej introduce to many more creatures. What's the biggest nugget we have ever seen? Biggest mug anyone's ever sir. And then consequently, when they chased out of the trench by the creatures, they follow. So, the ending of the movie has many, many more creatures than the first makes did. All the action with the shark starts with a pencil. and drawing and kind of thinking about what would be really fun to see. And then we'd have to go and shoot it, so then we'd shoot the elements of it, so then it's done again with rough animation and then finally animated and that takes like six months. She's coming around. I see and I have a special bond. It was an interesting film. The characters were being menaced by something that come out of PlayStation 2 until right up until the last, basically last month of post-production. This multiple makes in it. We had the IPX make. I see a younger make. I don't know why the world is scared of sharks. I mean, they're part of them that they are terrifying and they're killers. What's always interesting is watching kind of large sort of sharks coming out of the dark and they only really appear when they're on you. You know, you don't see them coming from a long way off. Keep going! Jimmy! We'd started with the original designs from the make, so at least we have that. Their love worker had begun on in the first film of trying to work out what the shape of this thing was. It's got to be the IPX predator. The IPX make we talked about the idea that it basically fought everything that had been in the trench. It's fun to create IPX because what is a shark that's bigger and better like that look like and what kind of scars might he have for what his life been like. It's like a guy who has loads of bar fights or something and so his body is a history of all the fights that it's ever had so it's got to scar down its eye and a big chunk out of its cheek but it's one interesting fact about them is they never stop moving. Also their skin is quite interesting. The general texture of the Meg is like its skin is really really rough and so it holds a lot of detail and we're seeing it from a distance and we're seeing it close up. You might only see it cut really quickly in the movie and you've got to immediately recognize it's that particular sharp. As an honorary Meg expert now I could say that they can jump out of the water and attack stuff. We were just using like scaled up great white behaviour. Hi Chi is a younger Meg that's been injured as a pup and then brought up by Jumeing at the Zang Institute. I'm conducting an experiment. Is the experiment do I taste good? The Meglodon in the tank environment has been captured and attempting to be trained. To identify her from the other makes she's pristine and never been in a fight. She's kind of a much paler colour so that you can identify her underwater from the others. Do you miss your mom big fish? There's another shark and there's another shark and there's loads of sharks and there's loads of Megs everywhere. Our Meg can wreak havoc and then start playing around with humans you know which is kind of what was in the Meg and what we continue to push in Meg too. It's all about a big shark terrorising humans. There's some really crazy fish that look just wild is when you go underneath and some coral that does really cool things. Hello my little bayulum. And we have a giant and I say giant a giant octopus. The Megs are not alone they've got company. The octopus is just a normal octopus just giant. And that was a big debate as well as how big can it be and we had these big charts on the wall like and I wanted them this massive thing and they were going it's too silly it's too huge. Then we had all these problems with like could the octopus fit into the bay on fun island because it was so enormous and we had to scale it down. Again it just starts with drawings and we think what's it look like it's a wrestling match how does the octopus fight how do we move the camera to make it keep it being dynamic how do we make it keep it scale which is the main problem with we've had all the way through. They can ripple their skin so they can make it look like different textures it's not just smooth they can make it look like rocks so they can hide my character sense is something and he doesn't really know what it is turns around but in the wrong direction and behind him there's this huge octopus eye that opens. We looked at lots of different eyes it was quite you know that was a day at work when they came out with the eye selection and I'm like oh yeah that's a scary eye and that's not so scary so you know there was it was a conversation I didn't think I'd have to have it in at all. The new creature that we're going to introduce also to is the snappers. They are kind of the historic dinosaur fish. They're based on a dinosaur called the Korea Saurus or at least we took a lot of ideas from the Korea Saurus. When our group of our characters is going across walking across the bottom of the trench. What are those things? You know they're in a very dangerous position so when our snappers come on it's really the first time we see the snappers and there's a lot of jump scares the way that the snappers take the different characters. The snappers are creatures existing the trench but also on the land so they kind of amphibious they come up and up onto the beach and onto the fine island. Can we very beginning then show us a little model of the snappers because I had no idea what they were going to look like. I thought it looked incredible. These snappers were just some ugly, brinkerous, just vile things. They're smaller, they're faster, they're deadlier, they're mouse, they're teeth, everything. They're absolutely frightening creatures. It was really fun to create them. The point of the snappers was to keep the kind of mayhem going so that there's like mayhem on the land mayhem on the sea backwards and forwards. Off the bat they had to look really ferocious and they move really quick as well so it's like a kind of antidote to the the meh you know so the meh is massive and like it's totally indestructible and we'll just keep going and smashing everything in its path whereas the snappers there's lots of them and they come at you from all sides. Man I don't think you're going to make that one. You know in the jungle there's a silverback gorilla or the elephant or the tiger or the lion but there's no doubt in anyone's mind that it's the mechleton of the ocean. In scene creatures that are as close to what we can imagine we're actually there as we can get. I think that was one of the big appeals for me to making it is that I get to film a giant octopus which is every boy's dream. That's something that can actually fight the meh and have a chance of surviving it. I really enjoyed that and that was one of the sequences that didn't come back into quite late in the process so it's only recently we've been watching it that in and let's go oh my God yeah it was great fun designing all the creatures.