 Here he comes. This feels unpleasant, you familiar? It just hope it goes better than last time. What happened last time? You don't want to know. This is the definition of a big screen movie. The world is visually stunning, both above the sea and under it. We have giant creatures. We have massive mahem. We have a new international cast. We have a great storyline, a lot of emotions. They fight monsters, they're hand-to-hand action, they're chasing. They're being minnest by mechs, fighting in helicopters. It's like everything. I was a big fan of the original mech. I got sent the mech to script. When I read that, I was like, wow, yeah, this is basically all of filmmaking. It's a scale of this film is bigger. When Ben Wheatley read the script and we all got on a call with him to talk, that's when he had us, because his vision of the film was insane and exciting and all the things that we wanted the second mech to be. Ben showed me the storyboard he was creating for over two and a half years. He knew exactly from the beginning on what shots he wants, what he needs for his movie. I saw that he understood the script we were going for. He had actually done an animated version of the entire movie before we started. It was so helpful for us because we're on a set where we have to imagine a lot of stuff. When we would go to do a scene, we knew where the mech would be or what creatures would be around us or what the environment would end up looking like. There's a lot more underwater stuff than there was in the first movie. But what I was really hoping was to bring the feeling of the first film and to think that everyone liked about it and bring it forward into this film. The extension onwards of following these characters and totally following the characters as well. What's that? Trouble. Our intention was to make a movie that was going to be amusing and fun and people have connected to that. I wanted to see the mechs destroying more stuff, fundamentally eating more people. The apex mech is bigger than anything we did in the first movie. It's more like a grizzled veteran like scars all over him and he's clearly had a lot of wars. And so he is a really unrelenting machine of death. Who better to battle a giant shark? Come on. Jason's there. Come on, you ugly person. Merke with Jason is like obviously an absolute expert and master all this action stuff. It was really exciting because Jason really responded to the Jonas character and because Jason was a diver before the British Olympic team. And Jonas also spells Jason. The Jason stations character, Jonas is an every man but he's a kind of unflappable professional every man that faces danger with a slight grimace. That's why I really liked about it is that kind of down home heroics. The spread out so that thing don't get us all. We're introducing a new character into the second film as well and that's Jumeen. The pairing of Jonas and Jumeen was something that we've worked on quite a lot in the script to make sure that the balance was correct. We've got company. Guys, it's a mech. Working with Rujing, he is so physically incredible. The guy is so strong and so good with his physicality and his body. Working with Rujing was a real pleasure, you know. It's very light on us, very light-hearted and that we have that sense of fluidity so that we can sort of feed off the energy of the scene. You distracted and I'll get the chopper. Why me? Can you find the chopper? Yeah, I can. I don't know that. The way that we were kind of making a difference between Jumeen and Jonas' action sequences was the Jumeen stuff was less military. Jonas has got the kind of military background so he can fight in a certain way and we knew that Jumeen was come from a science background. So the Jumeen character solving things through guile and intelligence. I also think it's quite strange. I think I'm a suitable person. I think I'm suitable. I'm just here. It's because I've never acted in a long time and I've been through a lot of things. Jason and Rujing's on and off screen chemistry was really interesting because Jason was very supportive of Rujing all the way through. He's kind of excited to work with him because he's got an understanding of kind of action cinema and Asian action cinema and knew his films obviously. You're taking bigger and bigger risks. Each time you go home, I guess we both know about that. Cliff Kerr is in page Kennedy of Comeback. There's a lot of comedic elements that got into the film from working with them and improvising with them and coming up with stuff on the floor. Cliff reminds us that we're just making a shark movie, a big shark movie. He's funny and him with Rujing, they have great chemistry so there's a helicopter scene that they just are hysterical and... So funny with Paige because we decided in this one we wanted him to be badass because last time he was always complaining. So he's prepared for this one. It was so funny because when he sent me pictures of himself, I mean had the boy worked out in the gym or what, he was amazing. It's been months it is. I don't know which way to go. That's been super cool to be kickass and I chose the fight scenes that got kicks in it. You don't usually see a big person like me doing kicks but I was like nah, I want to roundhouse somebody like Jackie Chan. I got to be able to do it so that's like really exciting. There's a line in the script that says, wild stunts and action that has never been seen before. Yeah, thanks writers but there you go. But also it's like a license for me to do something really crazy. So I was pretty happy with that. They'd give me a kind of a blank page almost there to make something up that was nuts. We're doing action that we've never seen before. It was definitely more stunts in this second one. Wild were being attacked by the snappers because we are in front of a blue backdrop. So basically it's like a blue screen or green screen. There are some lovely people dressed top to bottom in blue so they match the backdrop. For the snappers they have like this blue dome shaped kind of thing and then they have it on a blue stick. Everything was blue. And they imitate the movement of the snapper. And they would just like try and act like the snappers while I'm trying to fight it like this. I was lying on a mat with all these brilliant stun guys around me in blue suits but we're pretending to throw me around and I was punching the air or like a fake staff ahead. And it helps so much all the movement and the being thrown around is just make my job very easy. Always the goal for us is to try and do real physical effects in a very CG environment. I wanted to see Jonas Taylor and Annie screw in much more difficult situations and I've under much more pressure and see how they acted in those situations. So Jason is obviously a happy bunny in the water. Shooting scenes underwater in general is incredibly stressful. They are underwater and you're looking at the monitor and going, how much longer can they hold the breath for? We don't actually teach them to die. We're teaching them to work on the water. There's no getting through this door! Jason, shall we go and have a quick dance? The drowning sequence which was actually quite taxing because we were in a tiny tiny contained space. The thing that gives me the fear about that is like it's basically a roof over them that is plunged into the water. And the only way out there is like a safety door out and everyone's waiting to grab them and bring them out. But they're still like this, like right up at the top of the thing, gasping for air and they're acting like they're stressed. I got this. With Jason on the jet skis and doing different things again, stunts you have never seen before. Jason wanted to say that it's as little as possible on gimbals and pretending to ride jet skis. Almost all of it is riding very, very quickly on a jet ski, scarily, with us all the monitors going like this. And like the thing where we spin him 360 as he jumps over the shark, that's kind of him on almost like a rotisserie or like a giant handrail with a stator on the end of it that we pulled the trigger on and span him. The sequence starts off with a jet ski that flies through the air and then crashes into the jetty. So there was a major bit of engineering that had been done there which was just incredible. We walked down that and go, oh my god, they built this from scratch. It's got six large water cans underneath and Jason is basically going to run away from this jetty and the jetty behind him is going to explode. So we've got chunks of jetty being chewed up by the shark and his ingenuity without a real shark being there because they're going to replace it in post. It's incredible. I don't know whose idea it was to do that because I've done a lot of action sequences like this before and they just like move the cameras around. But they're just kicking this up into a whole different gear. I've never seen a rig like this ever. Normally the helicopter's sitting on a motion base. Some kind of crane sort of stuff up on the ceiling with this arm that can go and sort of twist on the end of it with the gyro at the end of it. So by the time you've got everyone on there, you're looking at nearly two ton of weight that can spin around a stage of a set and do a revolution in, I think it was ten seconds. Grand crew were approaching that on one. I was so blown away with the scope of the world. The production design has been phenomenal. I've never seen anything like it. I've been gifted with an opportunity on this film to build some fantastic big sets, you know, and also some really cool small sets as well. The most complicated areas is the undersea stuff. The exosuits that we wore, I guess the thinking behind them was that they certainly make your body move in a certain way. They're very, very weighty. It's almost like they're designed like a shark cage, but on your body. We kind of started looking into how people move underwater and we shot some tests underwater to see if you could literally walk in the same way that they do in the film and found that, yeah, no, you can't. So you'd need it like a weighted suit with a suit that had gripping feet, basically. So it would grip onto the sea floor. We were on ropes that helped us with the movement underwater because underwater you don't walk like this, you more walk like this. So you can really hang yourself in and it helps the whole movement process. No band, huh? Then when he was talking to us about filming what he's doing every day on the set, his creativity knows no bounds. And that's the thing that really evolved things sold us on him is that he is constantly coming up with ways to do things. We get to have a submarine chase and then we get to have fighting with the underwater creatures. Then we have an adventure inside and an upturned oil tanker and then they go to the surface and then more fun. So each one kind of is a different challenge, but he's really exciting. From VFX to editing to everything, being able to work with these teams has been incredible. What the hell was that? My overall experience of making the film was brilliant. I enjoyed every moment of it. Even the most stressful moments I was still enjoying it. Stay here. We're right back. The making of the film has been fantastic.