 In Warner Bros. 100 Year history, there have been many all-stars, but in Hollywood's Golden Age, one director stands out, Michael Couties. Couties is just possibly the greatest filmmaker ever to work in America. Listen, Mike, I don't care how you handle Sullivan, but it's got to look like an accident with that priest. Leave that to me. I don't know why Michael Couties is not a household name, but he should be. Give him a taste of their own eyes! Michael Couties made over 160 films in his golden years between the 30s and the 50s. He did Robin Hood, the Seahawg, and the Sea Wool, and young man with a horn, and my guy, the list is endless. You couldn't imagine a man that made Casablanca, also made Yankee-Doodle-Dandy, and it's hard to believe the guy that did that did milder peers. I don't think this ever been a filmmaker in the great history of art business that is as eclectic and has such a variety in his body of work as Couties. The compliments of your Royal Brother King Richard, God bless him. By my faith, that you're a bold rascal. Robin, I like you. I'm gratified, Johannes. Though we was already known as a gifted director, the adventures of Robin Hood elevated Couties to the top tier at Warner Brothers. Well, I actually saw Robin Hood in a movie theater beautifully projected with rich three-striped technic color, and which is transported by that story. I am set to plans. You come to nothing but once too often. When this is over my friend, there will be no need for me to come again. That's how I first saw any presentation in any medium of Robin Hood until that Saturday, Matt & A double feature. The Yaggy Dooland is a great story of George M. Cohen. It's less of a musical more of the biography. You get that curtain up. You can't ring down on a George M. Cohen song. Uh-uh, George M. Oh, I see. Oh, it's your song. You wrote it. You can tell that by the applause. But it was another wartime story released later that same year that cemented Michael Couties' reputation for all time. You know what I want to hear? No, don't. Play it for her. You can play it for me. Well, I don't think I can remember. If you can stand it, I can. Play it. Yes, boss. Cossablanca has become one of cinema's most beloved films in part because of the love story at its center, and the actors who brought it to life. Cossablanca isn't Cossablanca without Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman. The actors are inseparable from their parts. You can't think of anyone else. Couties' mastery of every aspect of cinema is on full display in Cossablanca. He staged the action so beautifully that it seemed real. You don't think about the presence of a director behind the camera. I've learned about staging from him and he's just a masterclass of how to move characters in camera. I'm shocked. I'm shocked to find that gambling is going on in here. You're winning, sir. Oh, thank you very much. Everybody out at once. The dialogue is, of course, amazing and brilliant. Almost everything coming out of anybody's mouth is a classic. All the gin joints and all the towns and all the world. She walks in a mine. Round up the usual suspects. Play it, Sam. Play as time goes by. You'll always have Paris. Michael Couties' greatest legacy may be the filmmakers who were inspired and influenced by his work. I'm very influenced by him. I started watching him as a kid and I've never stopped. I still watch him today. When I first started directing television and got into movies, I told people I said if I could have a career like Michael Couties, I'd rather have that career worth. I have more opportunities to tell different kinds of stories. Here's looking at you, kid. You