 Season 6, I think a lot of things happen. COVID comes to mind and like a completely new sort of way of working. Season 6 was the first season that we did entirely on Zoom entirely remotely. It was April 2020 when we started working on this season and everyone was like, is this it? Like, are we in our houses forever? It marked a new era in our show as far as everybody basically working from home, which we've kind of sustained ever since then. I haven't physically seen a Rick and Morty writer since the pandemic started. I have never met any of the fellow writers and I never will. If I see them on the street, I'm running in the other direction. Those guys are real weirdos. We're all weirdos. It somehow worked. Season 6 is definitely marked by an efficiency we've never seen before. We edit remotely. We do directing for voice recordings remotely. We have production meetings remotely. There are some kinks to work out here and there, but as far as keeping everything on the rails, we managed. Fuck! Season 6 is about Rick having to come to terms with the ghosts from his past. We've always behaved as if Rick has bigger fish to fry, as if there is something he does care about that's just kind of lurking off screen that eventually will reveal itself and we finally get to meet it. Whoa! You found me! You got this far, you probably think you're real special. He's quite literally chasing himself. It's a version of himself that's impossible to find and even potentially smarter than him. Oh, this is a development. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, little guy. Easy. You're a gerry, right? Never got too close to the concept. Season 1, Morty's original universe gets Kronenberged. Season 6, we established that this is the prime universe that Morty actually is the grandchild of the Rick who first invented portal travel. That Rick leaving is in fact the original scar that caused Beth and Jerry to get together, that caused Summer to happen as this weird byproduct that caused Morty, this mythical child with just the right brainwaves to exist in the first place. And so that means that the original Jerry, the first ever doofus to get with Beth, actually became awesome enough to meet God himself and he slices that his throat with a bone knife. Fatality, Jerry wins. Good for Jerry, even though it has a sad ending, it's very cool to see him arc out like that. Also, there's this really interesting cautionary tale there where it's like, well, I don't want to see any of our Jerry's turned into that guy. I got expelled today. What the hell boy? You gotta expel. Oh, no. We're still blocking Dom. Hi, hun. One of my favorite lines is Jerry saying, I'm glad we spent that time divorced. Ooh, some real season two vibes in there, you know what I'm saying? You know, never thought I'd say this, but I think I'm glad we spent that time divorced. You can see the character growth. You can see that this marriage is something that actually has the potential to work and that this guy has the potential to become a man and a father and a contributing number of society without having to become a character in Horizon Zero Dawn, without having to wear all these pelts and murder all these mutants. It's like, well, that's one path he can go down. We know that for sure now, but what are the other paths and wouldn't it be nice if our Jerry took them in directions? You never could have imagined that, you know, have more of a family connectivity to them. We gotta find a new timeline now. You know, hard that shit is without portals. The season starts with the whole family jumping together. We've got these great threads pulling out from that, which is that space beth is around a bit more. And we get to see the bets kind of move on beyond tearing about whether one of them is a clone or not and embracing themselves and their place in the family. With Rick, portal travel is broken, so Rick finds himself grounded. There's this great scene in Dino's where he's driving a car and it looks so weird, but I love it because it's like, he stuck there and being stuck with the family also leads him towards looking a little bit more inward. You know, towards the end of the season, he actually goes to Wong and the thing is he listens to her. Rick, you came here because you wanted things to change and they're changing. It's working. Whether Rick listens to Wong's advice or not in the future is something we're all interested to see, but it's great growth that Rick is willing to listen. Rick is camped out at the Smith home waiting for his nemesis to maybe come back and then life is what happens in between the moments. And so he develops this connection with a family even though he hasn't connected to specific temporal instances of people. He's willing to commit to trying to engage with the idea of his daughter even though his version of her is gone forever. So there is this found family thing where you have the baths in summer or definitely from here, but Jerry's from somewhere else and Morty's from somewhere else and Rick is from somewhere else. And you see them all together and you understand that this is a family regardless of where they're from. Whoa, you found me! In the finale, we see that Rick can't let Rick prime go. In order for him to be a part of the family, he needs to find this guy that he's been chasing his whole life because he's never been this close before. Rick and Morty season seven, hunting my nemesis, maybe trying to stay healthy while doing it, juggling plates, not every episode Morty, could be all happening in the background, who knows, you know, no one will accept us. There is certainly always this struggle between the urge to keep the show one adventure at a time self-contained. Here's another one and that other heart that beats a show, body, it's blood, which is, oh my god, these characters are real and they're growing and they're changing. For me, I love it when this show is giving you a little bit of smarts and farts, like the real crazy ones, the real silly ones, the canonical ones. Here's why I love writing for Rick and Morty. More than I think anything I've ever written for, it's that it is all shows. There's not a place that you can't go to in this show, whether it wants to be emotionally vulnerable or high fantasy or gritty sci-fi, like any concept you have, skewering society, not skewering society, like anything can be this show. I've never personally worked in a space where tone or style or even like possibility has been uncapped in that way. As an exercise sometimes, we'll just be like, what's the stupidest, craziest thing we can think of? Harmon being like, here's the dumbest question we can ask. What if Rick turned himself into a pickle? How can we turn it into something that feels utterly in line with the show, but also excites someone who's watched all the episodes already in this entirely new way? We use testicle monsters and blue-boomed aliens as our baseline for just like the boiler plate background people. Like, we can do anything we want and we can go anywhere we want and it's freeing, but the challenge every season becomes how many of these ideas can we burn and put into one episode. It's the show that I've always wanted to work on, where like every week is like almost like a pitch for a movie. I had a pitch for this brilliant movie that I wanted to write someday, but I'm just gonna burn it on the show, blah, and then you get stuff like night family, you get stuff like the Forch and Cookie episode or the Roy episode. But you want to give it to the show. That's the thing. Is you're excited about it and it kind of fits in perfectly. I'm really proud of our writers room. Everyone has really amazing voices and so you can see everyone bringing awesome shit to the table. I think like my favorite example that is night family, like when we had a horror episode and that was definitively in that John Carpenter playground, that's that's Rob's wheelhouse and the idea that you got to pair someone that passionate about that genre with an episode that is still classic Rick and Morty. I think the show lends itself to being able to wear many genre apps because it's grounded in a very simple, relatable family dynamic. There's a family that's not perfect. They love each other but they don't get along with each other all the time when they do. It's great when they don't. It's funny. And you have like this character, this guy who can do anything and it's kind of a dick to everyone. But for some reason he keeps sticking around. If Rick and Morty wants to do a horror episode, if Rick and Morty wants to do a political commentary, if Rick and Morty wants to do a courtroom drama, we have permission to tell those stories because of the framework of the show, because of the world that Royal and Enharmon created. As a writer, as a piece of that puzzle, being able to swim in that infinite pool, it's fucking awesome.