 Camera A and camera B. Camera A rolling on camera B. A speeding B speeding. Where is everybody? Why is there nobody here? Why did they just get phones in an envelope? What's happening? Season five, it was produced primarily during a pandemic. I didn't think it could work. I didn't believe comedy room could exist via Zoom. We've luckily proved me wrong. It is not the same as working in a traditional room. Like when jokes don't land, they land with a particular Zoom thud. You really can't have that much fun in a Zoom writer's room. There's a real cap on the amount of jockularity. It's an uptick in efficiency. Nobody wants to be in a Zoom meeting longer than an hour, but you'll sit with your feet up on a writing room table and eat snacks all day. That's fun. So when you make the job not fun, people just do it faster. We'd start at like 10.30 and then we'd take a two-hour lunch and then we'd end at 4.30 and then you just like have the rest of the day to think about your life and that's really the hard part. Is the thinking about your life alone in your apartment? Not commuting, I guess, is good. Although I'm so desperate for human contact that I think I'd drive to fucking Chicago to work. It was nice to see all of my friends every day, just even if it was on screens, kind of a rope to sanity during that time. I'm fine working at home. My dog sits on my lap while I write. If Dan pisses me off, I just mute him. I think this season of Rick and Morty would have been one of the hardest I've ever worked on, even without the pandemic and political strife. So it didn't change a lot, sadly. Animators are mostly just sitting at their desks rather than talking face to face. It is a pretty isolated, socially awkward sort of world to work in. We're all a bunch of freaks and weirdos, you know? I mean like if we don't have to leave the house or interact with people bonus, can I pay you? So I was writing the finale right when the lockdown was happening and it strangely lined up in a lot of ways. And that's maybe why the episode got so dark near the end. Up to 510, all of Rick's backstory might not be true because all we've ever heard is him telling that to the grump, Lamyts, and that could all be a smoke screen. No one knows what's really true or false on that. And this finally gives a more truthful take on the whole timeline working I was really lucky I got to write that bit. It was something we were always really nervous about because revealing someone's backstory is very much an opportunity for you to let down someone's expectations. Like what you come up with is very rarely better than the creative infinity that exists in someone's head where Rick could have every backstory all at once. You want to jump the shark? You want to know my stupid, cray baby backstory? Knock yourself out. Not now! I was always like, that's your shark you're going to jump. Don't start explaining Rick for real. I was prodding Dan in the room to talk about the canon. How do you see Rick? What is his official backstory? What is the canon of the show that you always had in mind? And it's something he doesn't typically like to talk about because he's a guy who loves modularity and knows just how hard it is to pay off canon, especially when fans are so invested in the show, in these characters. The tension between the canonical serialized mythical storylines and that one off who cares if you've ever seen the show before energy, the first of those two things, think of that like gravity. It's like a thing that happens to your show if you care about it. Because it's going to happen, in my opinion, a responsible engineer fights it, spends the entire time fighting it, hating it. I hate gravity. Why? I want to fly. I don't know at a certain point your coward's if you don't tell the story. And it's up to us to break the show. And it's up to us to change the show and to let the show grow. Dan was like, okay, if you really want to talk about this stuff then fine. And then for like, I want to say like an hour to two hours straight, he just talked about Rick's journey from being a husband and dad to settling down with the Smiths in season one. I just never imagined it would live to see the screen because I'm like, the harmin's not going to allow the fans to see everything. And then like, the animators did such a beautiful job with it. He's like, this is it. This is beautiful. It's my favorite part of the episode. It's in. I've drawn this character and thought about this character and this family for so long. When you saw Rick's evolution into the Rick that he is now, and he finally lands his UFO and a drunken stupor at the Smith House. That was very cathartic. It's almost like those old Charles Bronson 70s movies, but like to the end sci-fi degree that like you don't you want to take out the guy that killed your wife and daughter, but that guy happens to be you and that guy happens to be infinite. Like, what a unique problem. We give you what you want. Show a badass man broken by time, multiversal terminator against yourself kind of thing. But then we immediately undercut it by evil morty showing you that like, no, that's only half of it. And in fact, you're rooting for something that you never should have rooted for in the first place. That's what makes me evil being sick of him. If you've ever been sick of him, you've been evil too. I think evil morty would make the argument that it's like very unfair to call him evil morty because he like every other morty is a huge victim of circumstance and morty has to choose who sighed in my arm. This morty that is technically me but like quote unquote evil or Rick who I have a thousand issues with despite learning all of the bad backstory. He still chooses Rick. Ooh, we evil morty. That was quite a scheme. Makes me wonder if there's an evil me out there. I remember specifically writing the Mr. Poofy Butthole monologue on my back feeling, you know, not my best. Started isolating myself from Amy. Used to tell her everything I was feeling. But then I guess I stopped because I wanted her to love who she thought I was, not who I felt myself becoming. You could say I was going through a tough time. And perhaps putting some of my failures into his voice. Ever think about how horrified the people we love would be if they found out who we truly are. So we just dig ourselves deeper into our lies every day. Ultimately hurting the only people brave enough to love us. Wish I didn't do that. I remember just like being a part of the couch in lockdown, bearing my soul through the voice of Mr. Poofy Butthole. And I just remember thinking, yes, you've done it. You've written something true. Wish I was brave enough to love them back. I don't know. Maybe you should try it. We don't have as much time as we think. You know, I think that's probably Jeff Loveness or something that Poofy Butthole monologue that sounds like that. That's the beautiful thing is that you start working with writers that like, if your show lasts long enough, you get to work with writers that are fans of the show. An emotional connection forms there with these characters that live in breathe. Now you're pouring your heart and your experience and your relationship with the universe into characters. It's so ironic that I believe Rick's real. Because it's such a fuck off character. This show is too fun to be taken seriously and it's too serious to be this fun. And I do think that every show peaks when those energies are just balanced. This is, I hope this does not sound pretentious. I hope this is the opposite because it's really just an unremarkable confession. The things that I work on creatively, I end up clinging to them and smothering them and, you know, in my opinion, dragging them down with how seriously I take them. I just feel like some kind of reverse king might as well. I just like my job is to touch things and bring them to life so they can rot and die. And it pays well.