 We basically submitted the script to everybody in town and nobody was interested. Typically in Hollywood it's like they don't know what they want until they see it and they couldn't see it. Our sense of it was they were looking for something more like porquies and it wasn't funny enough to them. The number of the studio executives who read the script, they said we're not sure we want to go with the first time director. Also we didn't have attached a major star so it wasn't visualized as a star vehicle. It was like unbelievable to us that no one can see this thing. We're running out of opportunities and that's when a friend of ours gave it to the Geffen Company. David was the guy and he was the only guy who had some premonition of what it could be. And David Geffen did something so wonderful here. He said take your time. The person who fits this role will have to be a movie star. When you find him you'll know cast the best person for the park. And the best person came in very late in the equation and of course that was Tom Cruise. I remember getting the cough saying you got to fly out they want to test you. I was down in Tulso, Oklahoma shooting the outsiders at the time. I thought when I got to tell Francis you know that I'm going to come to you. I don't want him to think of my eyes somewhere else. I just remember Paul Wagon you're saying look you get on that airplane and I flew to California. And he was just magnetic. But he was completely wrong for the park. No one saw him at Joel Goodson because he came in looking as follows. Greasy hair, a body of almost professional wrestler. I had a dark and tooth for the outsiders and I think there's a tattoo on there that I couldn't get off right away. But I think being 19 years old at that point I really understood where Joel was coming from and who he was. But he just did look like a suburban kid and I said hey it's real simple let's do a screen test. It's time to lose weight get rid of those muscles they spent he could clean up this here and see if he looks believable you know with those minor modifications. We were as frustrated at that point trying to find the actress who was going to play Atlanta. Casting took a long time because risky business was going to succeed if there was genuine chemistry between Atlanta and Joel. Okay this is take one on scene 54 whatever you want Paul. Okay ready action. Good morning. Hi beautiful place here. Thanks. Thank you. Is this all yours? Yes actually my folks. We're both summoned to do this audition at six o'clock in the morning. I remember walking in and seeing this guy Tom. I was so excited about this test. I don't think I slept at all. I had never met him before and I remember walking over to him and saying okay you know what this is. This is the chemistry test. So let's get some chemistry going. I gotta figure out how to get my stuff back. We just really got a lot better in the fight now. Okay okay. Yeah. But will you do me a favor? Anything cookie? Don't steal anything. Yes cookie. And don't call me cookie. My house in Los Angeles became the set. Tom and Rebecca did the screen test on video in my living room. I remember you said look to me. A little fervent, a little questioning, a little nervous. He was probably already acting the part that was just perfect. And I thought that's it that's Joel. First of all he was pretty confident. He made a choice on reading and then he did it again and he took it and decided different direction. Let's start on. Which I thought for a 19 year old kid to do confident and a little bit bold. But I like the idea that he's gonna bring something to the table too. In the screen test looking much more suburban. Tom was just great. And the chemistry between Tom and Rebecca was fantastic. We were very very excited. He was the same when we saw that and so that Rebecca could pull it off. Rebecca also brought clearly a physical presence which was essential for this piece. So she's the object of design. I think we can play it up to the red bar. Okay now I'll see how that. I'd actually never acted professionally on film or on TV before and this was a lead role. So it was a little bit tricky. But it was one of those fateful moments where I realized I just have to use everything that I've ever learned in my entire life to get this part. My concept was get a guy like Cruz, get Rebecca. They're totally unknowns. But sell them as movie stars. Just pretend that their movie stars sell them that way and let the public come to you. You know it's one of those pictures now that you cannot imagine two other actors being in.