 Whenever I stay at a white lotus, you guys pull out all the stops. And you already know where blossom circle. But I was a petal, and I'd work my way up to blossom. I think the emoji that would best represent Tanya McQuad would be the emoji with the two fountains of water coming out of her eyes. Couples don't always get along. I've been married four times. Yeah. I thought it was only three. I've got to find another job. I'm really excited about this one, because I've given it a lot of thought. The emoji that would describe Portia, a glass of wine because she's a whiner. She's constantly whining. I'm just going to be sitting in my room, meeting pasta, but then he's all pasta. And he's so glowed at this. The emoji that would best describe Albi, the face pump emoji guy, because he's just always embarrassing himself. What kind of person do you want to be in a relationship with? I seem to be attracted to pretty mooned birds. The emojis I would choose to describe my character are the devil and the kiss. Learning is one of the pleasures of life. You're 80 years old. In relate to that. Mia would be the little fairy. She's so bubbly. And then of course, because she's Italian, this one. For Ethan, there's like a face where the eyes are kind of swirls. And the mouth is a squiggle where he seems kind of like out of sorts. Lundjarno. Sorry? Lundjarno. Oh yeah. Lundjarno. The camera would be the beast of emoji, because I think he's animalistic. Shut up. Got one. Yes, yes, yes. To describe Jaffney, I think she would be the little smiley face that looks like it's getting tickled by hearts. Like... We greet all the same week, the man of the stars. Thank you. The emoji that could describe Valentina. I can't use it. Good morning, Valentina. Rock, paper, scissors. So I'm not going to give you Greg's emoji, because he told me not to, because that means he's giving you too much of his character. But truth to the matter is, Greg prefers the white lowest resort. Tonya, what are you doing? I got a buck.