 When we first spoke about the Batmobile, it was quite apparent that this wanted to be completely different. I couldn't wait to see it when I showed up on set. It was like, where's the Batmobile? The basic talking points were relentless force, raw power mounted in this frame. Like we can see the construction, it's not like it's alien technology or like repurposed super high-tech military technology. He's built it himself and his basement. We really believe that Bruce Wayne slash Batman alone, developing and building that car from scratch. And we thought that as an idea was a cool idea. The look of the Batmobile hopefully reflects that. He couldn't care less about his wealth and the Wayne Industries at this point and that he's doing it all himself. We brought in this car designer named Ash Thorpe and he apparently also had always dreamed of being involved in the creation of a Batmobile. And then we had all of these other designers come in and we started sculpting. We used a UK company called Coverture Group to fabricate the body. These specializing products had been used. Everything that you see on the head has been made, been 3D printed, been casted out of Minion or it's been casted for real. You got all of these elements that were real and we were looking at real cars. I wanted them to have like the kind of nitrous sort of turbocharged that you would get from drag racers. I wanted it to feel like a real car. We knew that we were in our car chase that we were going to be crashing into other vehicles. So it was important to us that we made the front of the car as strong as possible. The idea that its purpose was to perform but also to be almost like a battering ram and so the front of the vehicle had to be very powerful. This lovely witness line here but literally an inch or so in it bolts up. We used a big block LS3 engine that had a fit under the hood. You have effects on top of that hood. There are louvers located on the hood that were used as intakes that open and close. Inside that there was a volume of design that included lighting effects. There were additional flame effects that came out of the top of the hood. And there's this massive jet engine sort of intake. And so as the car is sort of waking up and starting to move, we love the idea that these louvers would open and that these sort of gills on the interior would open. And you'd feel it sort of start to breathe basically. Originally the louvers were moving but we decided that we didn't want to embrace in that. So we discarded that and that's where we put all the intakes for the travelling line that we did. The rear of the car for me is sort of the genesis of the idea. It's uniquely open. You can look at the car and you will notice that you can see everything except what's under the hood. The rear of the car is exposed, the engine is exposed. Many people ask what engine that's from. This engine is bespoke to the Batma Bill. It's fictional. Over 2,000 individual parts are seen here. They were all individually designed by Joe Hira and his team. And then flawlessly executed by Dom and his team in terms of the builds. A garb-smacking amount of man hours and work that came through here. These are aluminium. This is stainless steel. This is printed metal, which is where our flame came out. Which I think is quite beautiful, the way that we've embraced all of this kind of smaller tube work that fits around this engine. Ash started doing these iterations that got us very excited. You got the sense of those wings that were almost like the future in the back. And then you got this challenger sense. Finding a way of letting Bruce reveal his character and sort of the intimidation factor of sort of recognising, like, oh my god, that's Batman. As you can see, this car at the moment has been painted for the film. We wanted to always have the car to have this kind of grungey look about it. This used look, we didn't want a perfectly polished black car. We wanted it to look like it'd been used. So the construction department, the paint department, put a very nice finish on there that we've had to embrace. There was a day when they drove the car and put it on the back lot, which was under the L, which is outside the iceberg lounge. And it was the first time I saw it and I got to sit in it. And sitting inside that Batmobile was a dream. All-wheel drive, shift and shifter. And then this is the thruster that controls the jet. And then obviously his control panel up here. You know, the aesthetic, I just love, you know, it's like leather wrap, leather dash, and then traditional sort of muscle car gauges. So right here you're seeing this is all control for the jet components, big fuel tanks and cylinders for the various gases and things required to drive the jet engine. You're not using a donor car to make the Batmobile, you are building a unique one-off. In an our case we built four vehicles. We had a Ram car that we could use just to ram and destroy stuff. We had a lightweight car that can perform jumps in other difficult tasks. We also had a pod car that a stunt driver could drive from a mounted bolt gauge from the top of the car's roof. Our hero car was an electric car. It's quiet and it can move around without making noise. This was like engineering an entire other car. You had to modify a roll cage, you could accommodate for electric motors. You're not just adding an electric motor, you're actually adding an entire electric control system that has a fit under the hood. We built one electric car and we built three petrol cars. The trick is is that they all look the same. I wish everyone could hear the combustion engine. There's nothing like hearing that V8 roar. The petrol car's got the 700 brake horsepower V8 engines in it. It sounds unbelievable. It sounds like driving a plane. It's also a formal drive. We've made our own bespoke transfer box in house that's based around what they're using a rally car. It has to be like a monster. I want this thing to feel elemental. You can transfer all the power to either the front wheels, or the rear wheels, or both wheels, all at the push of the button. That's something that we've used in the past. From previous experiences we know that stunt drivers love that. What they can do is they can set the car up and then they've got immediate power where they want it. Anytime you build something bespoke, you need as much testing as you can. You find all the weaknesses, you find all the strengths. And part of that testing is that we get to a situation where the stunt department can actually find some really cool stuff that they can do. And by testing we can say, well, can we add that into the sequence? Starting to push the Batmobile and its limits so we can see where the limits are. This is what we're here testing to do to iron out all these problems. Get the suspension right, get all the mounts right. There's a few things bent, which is what things are designed to do. But if we can do as much as we can for real, that's what we're aiming for. We always know the car needed to jump. That was part of our design remit when we designed the rear suspension of the car. Is that we knew that we needed a lot of suspension travel. So what we did is we put it in two modes. So we had the general driving mode and then we had the jump mode. We designated one vehicle for the jump. That vehicle had longer suspension on it, had different tyres. So they want to enjoy a build in the Batmobile. Did you get a chance to drive it away? At the end of the day, you want to be inside a Batmobile. And I wanted the audience to have that experience. Like the Bat suit, I wanted to feel it was totally real. The work and ship that's gone in to build in this car is one of real high standards. The intensity of both man and car are just paired together perfectly. They both have this sort of real revved up vengeance vibe. This is one of the finest builds ever in feature film history. I mean, the car performs so beautifully. It's been a huge privilege to be a part of that through line of history.