 For me, it was very exciting. The idea of bringing back Michael Keaton as Batman, you know, obviously because I saw Batman in the movies when I was a teenager. To be honest, the fact that we'd be able to bring Michael Keaton back as the Tim Burton Batman was one of the things that we could do. To be honest, the fact that we'd be able to bring Michael Keaton back as the Tim Burton Batman was one of the things that cemented our decision to make the flash. We can't get Michael Keaton back, man. You know, when I read that, I was just knocked out. As soon as I read that Michael Keaton was in, you know, the home idea of this multiverse and wow, which was shocking. That was the clincher. When you turned the page and you realized who it is, you think, oh, my God, it's great. It's like bringing back a classic, it's like bringing back the Beatles. Many people probably think that they won't see that again in their lifetimes and they have to contend to themselves with rewatching the old movies, you know, Batman and Batman Returns. That's why it's so exciting, I think, for people that were affected by the first Batman to see that Batman is coming back again. If Keaton's Batman, probably the one with the longest arc and more complex arc. Michael Keaton's Batman adds heart. He is a very human Batman and he is reluctant to come back. The thing with Batman in general is that this man that is immersed in this misery and his childhood trauma and he doesn't seem to be able to overcome it. It's the only Batman apart from the Adam West version that seems to have a sarcastic sense of humor about it. That the thing is very tied to a coping mechanism. He has a very dark side to him, but there's a likeness to him and that's what I found remarkable of his performance. What was kind of fun was that Michael Keaton's Bruce at Slash Batman had never been a mentor. He'd always been a lone wolf. We'd never got to see him with a robin or with anyone younger like that and so to have him suddenly thrust into that role of mentor. It's just kind of fun and funny and challenging for him and I think it's great because Barry brings to that relationship so much love, so much trust from his own Bruce. Having that kid suddenly show up in his life, it changes Keaton's Bruce. Over the course of the movie and it lets the two Batman kind of share one arc. I really wanted to defy people's expectations of where Bruce Wayne would be 30 years later. And I also wanted to deepen the backstory of Bruce Wayne. If Bruce Wayne as the story tells has been retired 25 years, what happened to him? I always said something to that happened to Bruce Wayne, to one to stop being Batman. And my idea was he did something that goes against his code. He killed the criminal in front of his child. I'm knowingly, but he still did it, which is an exact mirroring situation of what happened to him when his parents were killed in front of him on the monitor theater. And that created that monster that Batman is. So he just couldn't cope with it and that's why he decided to shut off his other side, Batman. And he hasn't been able to forgive himself and now the way we find him is a bit of the evolution of that journey. You know, he's a tragic figure. He's basically a character that is in search of redemption, but eventually finds a way to do it by helping Barry. What's him help? We've prepped a lot for when Michael would arrive because he's such a huge iconic star and his Batman is imprinted in every retina in the world. One of the most exciting things to take on was Michael Keaton's new batsuit. We all know very well, particularly in the costume world, the original batsuits that he wore in the 1989 movie and in Batman Returns, any 1992. So what we wanted to do is we wanted to be really true to the technology involved in those costumes, the look of those costumes, and what would have happened in 30 years to those costumes, what would they have become, how would they have developed? One of the folklore about Michael Keaton's original costumes were that they were really constructive and hard to move in. And then he developed as part of his character, what they called the Batman lean, where he was unable to look up or look down, look left, look right. So he used his entire body to make those moves, very famously kind of leaning back to look up and think he'd better. And so we took it on ourselves to try and create a new rubber batsuit that would be much more flexible, much more comfortable, much more usable. But when Michael put the car on to the first time he was playing, I said, hopefully Michael will be put more movement in Germany's going, no, I can't have that. There's no way we can have movement. He's got to be that that's the really important thing. Okay, Corey, we want to make sure it's nice and straight up for you to try to help, you know, best lay plans and all that. We got a report from Alex Spur and our costume designer that he had gone very emotional when he first put on the suit because it had been 30 years. To see Michael in the suit, that was incredible, absolutely incredible. It's a film memory, I'll definitely take with me. Michael has the ultimate pro. He plays everything very small to the degree that you almost can't catch it. But then it's projected onto the big screen and it is unbelievable. The amount of control he has over his face muscles, his eyebrows, his eyes, his mouth. Even when it's done at the smallest, he is telling you exactly what needs to be told. You want to get nuts? Let's get nuts. And it's something that I had never seen to that extent. For me, it was magic and I think for a brand new tube. You're stuck to your parachute! Working with Michael Keaton was insane. He was so cool. The dude is so fit. I don't know where the fountain of youth is, but he must be swimming in it. The guy is a ninja. This is the day when we were filming in the kitchen, we were doing rehearsals and Andy was showing on an iPad Michael the footage of the sequence that was happening. And Michael jumped up on the table and was just like, oh yeah, cool, cool, cool. Okay, yeah, yeah, got it, got it, got it. And then I was looking at Michael Keaton on the table and I was like, dude, what are you doing on the table? I put my hand out to offer to help him down and he was like, oh yeah, I'm cool. Michael Keaton's Batman is iconic. There is some very specific moments that it's important the camera gives the audience exactly what they want. There are probably three points in that, dramatically. First, when he's villain is about years in his costume. The second obviously is when we reveal it's Michael has Batman for the first time, which sends a chilled down the back of my spine. The last moment is he's let's get knocked down and it's just making sure that those moments are just right because they give so much pleasure to so many billions of people. Michael's son and his grandson were in Leifston visiting one day and Michael told me when I did Tim Burton's Batman, Sean, Sean is his son, was four years old. And now my grandson is four years old and he's seeing his grandfather as Batman. And that was very emotional for him and of course for us as well. I think Keaton didn't know how he was going to feel about being this character again. But to be honest, I think he's walking away from this movie with a lot of love for Batman. .