 It's showtime. Hit it, boys. You're really weird. Born in one brother's hometown of Burbank, California, filmmaker Tim Burton started making movies in his backyard at the age of 11. Animation was his first love. A perspective that informed his feature film directorial debut, Peewee's Big Adventure. I love the Peewee character and I just felt connected to it and at least in my own mind it felt like making an animated film. It was a fun movie to make because I got to serve sample of different genres. In Beetlejuice, Burton brought to the screen a unique haunted house story in which the ghosts are be doubled by the living instead of the reverse. The film gave him a chance to work with an ensemble cast of gifted comic actors. A lot of the cast that I was working with come from comedy and improv like Michael Keaton and Catherine O'Hair. So there was a sense of improv that came with the film which was again really exciting. Hit it, hit it. See that? I got it later. It kind of felt like making a Warner Bros. cartoon in a funny way. Impressed by Burton's first two features, Warner Bros. gave him the chance to make a Big Budget version of the beloved DC Comics character Batman. His approach to the story was as unique as the man himself. I was in a giant comic book fam. It was more based on kind of like the island of lost souls, you know, like kind of animal people, you know, like a cat woman, penguin, Batman. I just like the sort of animal people aspect of it. Defying expectations, Burton declined to hire an action star to play the Cape Crusader, selecting instead Michael Keaton. He had very good reasons. It was harder for me to see some like action hero guy dressing up with a bat. That's why it was Michael. It was perfect because it's like you look at his eyes and he looks like he's got a lot going on inside. But he's also a lot of guy who looks like a big action hero and I go, yeah, I can see that guy dressing up like a bat. What are you? I'm Batman. Batman became a global blockbuster. Spawning Burton's successful sequel, Batman Returns. Maybe you can help me find the woman behind the cat. Adding science fiction comedy to his growing list of genres, Burton's Mars attacks reunited him with some of his favorite actors from the Batman films, including Jack Nicholson and Danny DeVito. I surrender, okay? I enjoyed that one too because yeah, I mean I got to work with the basic people, disaster movie, kind of casts, you know, it was great. Okay then, let's move along. Burton's unique visual style was never more apparent than in his adaptation of the beloved children's novel Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. He's beautiful. The presence of real sets and practical effects rather than CGI, aided in getting the best performances from his young cast. We turned the James Bond stage into a chocolate river, which was hilarious. And you know what? I got you. Right. For Corpse Bride, Burton returned to his stop motion animation roots, creating a dark musical fantasy featuring the voices of Johnny Depp and Helena Bonham Carter. How's the cost? Oh, come, Victoria! Dark Shadows gave Burton the chance to adapt a favorite childhood TV series for the big screen. The thing, especially with Johnny and Michelle, we tried to get was the spirit of how the show made us feel. This soap opera acting, this sense of dialogue that they had. So we were trying to be true to it in that way. That means you're a vampire, man. Tim Burton's greatest gift may be his ability to make audiences care about his unconventional characters as much as he does. And action! Whatever character I'm dealing with, I have to understand or identify at some level. There's an energy and a freedom and an excitement to just operate on a different level from society. For Tim Burton fans, another deliciously unconventional film is on the way, with Beetlejuice 2 just around the corner.