 As a teenager on Long Island, filmmaker Todd Phillips grew up loving the comedies of the 1980s. The Ranch Year, the Better. I grew up on our rated movies. I mean, that's just like been my thing. My bread and butter and also the things I've always sort of lean towards. Phillips' first movie for Warner Bros. was the film adaptation of a series he had watched as a child, star-skin hutch. It's more of an homage. It's almost like a love letter to star-skin hutch to the show. It treats it with respect at the same time, folks, fun it is. Why don't you do me a favor and go get yourself another perm and let the grownups talk? For your information, my hair is naturally curly. Oh, it's nice. Having established himself as a director and found a home at Warner Bros. Phillips came upon a project tailor-made for his unique talents. We found this script called What Happens in Vegas. And we did a rewrite on it and I brought it to Warner Bros. And said, I think we should make this and that was kind of the beginning. Who's maybe his act? Check its collar or something. Though it is undeniably a runchy male comedy, the hangover transcends the genre through the friendships of the characters and its corn. I feel like they feel like a real group of friends. And I think that's essential is that, underneath all of it, there's a real love for each other. You know, you gotta go! Hey, bud. You okay? No. Not okay. You look good. You got some color, I'm jealous. The hangover became an international hit, spawning two successful sequels and paving the way for Phillips' next film. The Buddy Road movie, Do-Date. If you even look like you might be dosing, choke you out with your own scarf. It's a bit drastic. Do-Date started with just a pitch, a kind of simple pitch. It's two kind of mismatched guys that are forced to go on a road trip together. Only Moe's like a traveling with a child. Did you use the restroom? Good point. I need to take a peepee. As a producer, Phillips brought to the screen Project X based on a unique idea. What if we make a high school comedy, but it was made by the people in it? In other words, if Friskie business had been made by one of Tom Cruise's friends in the movie. Is this for the last to be cool? Game changer. War dogs follows the misadventures of two unlikely arms dealers. The production moved at breakneck speed across five different countries, something Phillips used to his advantage. I'm a favorite part of being a director's that ability to kind of go to foreign countries, walk through people's houses on location scouts, see how people live, that chaos of shooting on location always finds its way into the movie and I think really informs the film in a really interesting way. You drove this through the triangle of death. Triangle of death? Bro! For Bradley Cooper's directorial debut, Phillips produced a star's born, which would be nominated for eight Academy Awards, winning the Oscar for Best Original Song. In the shadows, shadow, lord. In the shadows, shadow, my lord. Having mastered the Runchy Mail comedy and produced a musical that became an international hit, Phillips' next film was inspired by his love for movies of the 70s and 80s. Some of the movies I grew up on, Taxi Driver, King of Comedy, Raging Bull, these are all great character study films. And I thought it'd be fun to make a really good character study, but about somebody, people have no idea where he came from. So kind of came at it that way. It wasn't like, oh, I want to make a Joker movie. It was really came from like, how do you make a great character study and get people to want to see it? Are they here on seven different medications? Surely they must be doing something. I just don't want to feel so bad anymore. I think a lot of the movie works because of tension. Really, you feel it with everything that Joaquin does in the movie. Eww, you think so, butter, am I kidding? It's fun to say, well, why is he like that? What makes somebody that way? In Joker, Phillips redefined the comic book genre. The film became the most successful, R-rated movie of all time, receiving 11 Academy Award nominations and two Oscars, including Best Actor for Walking Phoenix, and fans won't have to wait long for another chapter in the saga, because for Phillips, a good villain is worth a second book. I just love bad guys. I know, you know, and I always wonder, why did the bad guys always have to die in the end? I don't like them. I want it Scarface to live forever. Thank you.