 Remember, remember the 5th of November, the gunpowder treason and plot. I know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgotten. But what of the man? I know his name was Guy Forks, and I know in 1605 he attempted to blow up the house of Parliament. But who was he really? What was he like? What? We'd better remember the idea not the man. Because a man can fail. It can be called. It can be killed and forgotten. But 400 is later. An idea can still change the world. I've witnessed first hand the power of ideas. I've seen people killing the name of them. And I'd offended them. But you cannot kiss an idea. You cannot touch it or hold it. Ideas do not bleed. They do not feel pain. They do not laugh. And it is not an idea that I miss. It is a man. A man that made me remember the 5th of November. A man that I will never forget. So, I read that the former United States is so desperate for medical supplies that they have allegedly sent several containers filled with wheat and tobacco. And gesture they said, up goodwill. You want to know what I think? We're listening to my show, so I will assume you do. I think it's high time we let the colonists know what we really think of them. I think it's payback time for a little tea party they threw for us a few hundred years ago. I say we go down to those docks tonight and dump that crap where everything from the Alcens think to have our Serica belongs. Who's with me? Who's bloody with me? Did you like that? USA, Alcens think to have our Serica. I mean, what else can you say? He was a country that had everything. Absolutely everything. And now, 20 years later, is what? The world's biggest lepacolony. Why? Godlessness. Let me say that again. Godlessness. It wasn't the war they started. It wasn't the plague they created. It was judgment. No one escapes their past. No one escapes judgment. You think he's not up there? You think he's not watching over this country? How else can you explain it? He tested us. But we came through. We did what we had to do. Islington, Enfield. I was there. I saw it all. Immigrants. Muslims. Homosexuals. Terrorists. Deseas. Written in generates. They had to go. Strength through unity. Unity through faith. I'm a God-fearing English man and I'm God-damned proud of it. That's quite enough for that. Thank you very much. Oh, shit. A yellow-curred curfew is now. We'll be subject to arrest. This is for your protection. A yellow-curred curfew is now in England. Any unauthorizing person now will be subject to arrest. This is for your protection. Excuse me, Miss. I'm sorry, I didn't see you. You're in a hurry, Owen. I was just... It's past curfew, you know? My uncle is very sick. Sick uncle, is it? What'd you think on that, Willie? A load of bollocks, what do I think? I made a mistake. I shouldn't be out after curfew. I know that. Maybe you could look after us before getting back to you. Uncle, see my friend, Erie's kind of sick. Aren't you, Willie? Real sick. Backcase the blues. You can feel them. Don't touch me. Look, Willie Kitty's got claws. She's a certain-ness. She did, that she did. You know, that means, isn't she? It means that we exercise our own judicial discretion. And you get to swallow it. How could you finger me? She's getting a picture. No, no, please. I didn't know I'm sorry. No, you're not. But you will be. By a son-up, if you're not a sorryous piece of arse in all the London, you'll certainly be the Sorist. I've got no, please don't do this. I'll go home. I want you to get out of sweat. Please. What do you think, lad? Spare the rod. Spoil the child. Help me! Somebody help me! The multiplying silliness of nature to swarm upon him. What the hell? Baggeroth! Just aaining fortune with his British steel, which is hooked with bloody execute. You're a finger, man. Help! Demon. B Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! This price is pricey! We're off to blame, Minnestus too much proved that with Devotion's Visage and Pair's Action, we do sugar-other devil himself. This is a pain! Spare the Rod! I can assure you I mean you know how. Who are you? Who is but the form following the function of what and what I am is a man and a mask. I can see that. Of course you can. I'm not questioning your powers of observation. I'm merely remarking upon the paradox of asking a masked man who he is. Ah! Right. For spacious of nights permit me then in lieu of the more commonplace subricay to suggest the character of this dramatic persona. Voila! In view a humble Vordavillion veteran cast vicariously as both victim and villain by the vicissitudes of fate. This Visage no mere veneer of vanity is a vestige of the fox poppuline now vickant, vanished. However, this valorous visitation of a bygone vexation stands vivified and has vowed to vanquish these venal and vidal infirm in vanguarding vyson, without shafing the violently vicious and voracious violation of vylisher! The only verdict is vengeance. A vendetta held as a votive not in vain. For the value and veracity of such shall one day vindicate the vigilant and virtuous. Verily this vishiswas of verbiage veers most verbose so let me simply add that it's my very good honour to meet you and you may call me V. Are you like a crazy person? I'm quite sure they will say so, but to whom might I ask am I speaking? I'm Evie. Evie? Evie? Of course you are. What does that mean? It means that I, like God, do not play with dice and do not believe in coincidence. Are you heard? No, I'm fine. Next to you. Oh, I merely played my part, but tell me, do you enjoy music, Evie? I suppose. You see, I'm a musician of sorts and on my way to give a very special performance. What kind of musician? A cushion instrument's a my specialty, but tonight I intend to call upon the entire orchestra for this particular event, and would be most honoured if you could join me. I don't think so. I think I should be getting home. I promise you it will be like nothing you've ever seen, and afterwards you'll return home safely. All right. It's beautiful, I pay. The more perfect stage could not be asked for. I don't see any instruments. Your powers of observation continue to serve you well. But wait! It is to Madame Justice that I dedicate this concerto in honour of the holiday she seems to have taken from these parts, and in recognition of the imposter that stands in her stead. Tell me, do you know what day it is, Evie? Um, November the 4th. Not anymore. Remember, remember the 5th of November, the gunpowder, treason and plot. I know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgotten. First, the overture. Yes, yes, the strings.