 [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ Booroo, that's the theme song, everybody. Hi. Welcome to Hodgman and Friends. I'm John Hodgman, bringing you the best and friendly conversation to New York City seatback entertainment in the outer burrows, only the green ones I'm afraid. Today, my friends are the co-creators of the Venture Brothers, including the brand new feature film, The Venture Brothers, in Radiant is the blood of the baboon heart. Join me in welcoming. That's Jackson Public over there. And right here is Doc Hammer, correct? Yes or no? Absolutely. Welcome to the show Hodgman and Friends is the name of the show. And per se and. And indeed, you are my friends. True. Sometimes I have people on the show who are, I barely know. Sometimes I have foes. Sometimes it's Hodgman and foes. Yeah. Hodgman and enemies. That's right. That sounds like a better show. But we only have the one look. Yeah. Luckily it fits today because we've known each other for years. And look, I'm going to admit a certain bias. First of all, I like you both. Second of all, been a long time fan of The Venture Brothers. Third of all, I'm in this movie. I want to tell you something right now, Doc. But that finger is horrifying. This is how I treat my friend Cubs. Let's say, yeah, that's not really. Yeah. I've seen this movie. It's very good. Thank you. I really enjoyed it. Am I allowed to disagree? No. Look, we pretend to like, you have no perspective on it. That's a filming of this, which is going to be on, I know it's going to be on seatbacks and cabs. Green's only. Green only. Out of Rose only. Which, when I, I may have told you this, I believe that the green cars were actually bio fuel. And one time I held one. And I thought, you know what I'm going to do? I'm going to be green today. And hail a green cap. I'm going to save the planet. I'm going to save the planet. Because of the color. Yeah, that's why you look. So I got in and they're, and I told them where I was going. It was like 34th Street and they're like, wrong cab. Yeah. And I go, I'm going to go in the yellow ones, which they're not green. And it doesn't work like that in you. And look, I don't want to talk shop with you guys. But I'm going to tell you this right now. Yeah. As soon as ride chair came in, those green cabs, they stopped making new ones. They're only seven left in the fleet. Really? So hide all my loyal viewers. Radiant is the blood of the baboon heart. Correct. We just finished it. Congratulations. Yeah. So it's not funny because we know every joke, which I don't think there are jokes in it anymore. There are jokes in our jokes. There are two to five years old. Yeah. At least, and I don't remember the being funny in the beginning. Although this morning I woke up and I remembered a joke. And I thought, at least that is in there. At least that joke. What was the joke? The joke was, as you were waking up in the night. The joke was, drag good going. It's like a job watching superhero movies. Right. Because I was, I passed a poster of a superhero movie. And I looked at them like it's a job. Keeping up with these names. Keeping up with the superhero movies. Yeah. And I'm like, oh, we got to say that out loud to people who buy DVDs still. Right. If you think those green cabs are rare, DVD buyers. There's always seven DVD players left. Yeah. I tell you, I watched this movie last night. I'm going to tell you it's full of jokes. It's very funny. Also a very good story. Where you watch it. That joke did make the cut. Sorry. Damn it. I thought it was still funny. No, it was in there. I left it in there. Damn it.