 When we set out to do this movie, I realized we had an opportunity to set out to do something that I hadn't seen in a while, which was tried to do as much of the movie for real, as we could. The open road sequence in particular had many insane moments of gau flying towards the car, crisp pine, literally climbing up and standing on top of moving trucks and fist fighting and so many of those things in that open road sequence were dangerous and hard to do and scary and difficult, but thrilling. And I think that really shows up on the film. I think that Petty really knows how to craft such a complicated project. The open road scene is very much a reference to No Man's Land. I definitely wanted you to think that you are in for that ride and for a moment you are. Because that's a scene that we associate with victory. And so I very much enjoyed you waiting a while to see Wonder Woman come back. So when it happens and she declares war on that convoy and heads into it, it's exciting and we get excited. But as things start to go wrong, the fact that that's not the way we expect it to go, it really punctuates that something diverges in some totally different direction. I'll be up here. I'll be up here. I'll be up here. I'll be up here. It's not a vehicle. It's a stocking. You do that absolutely. We're going to get up behind the top of the road and we'll be going to get things. Sure, you've done a round of things. It's a real better. I'm in a round of push-in. I'm in the car. I'll take you in again. I'll pull your rear thing today. What? Thank you. All right, team, let's go. It was a heck of a lot of work that went into the open road. We skate the location, take accurate measurements on everything, then bring it back at a rehearsal area and then pick that whole circus up, ship it out to Fortive Endure. When it gets windy here, the dust is terrible. The workshops, they're all covered in dust. Ready? I'm going to go. Push! It was an interesting thing to figure out how to do gal running so fast that she could compete with cars. The car chase is very different when you then have a live person running around outside of that car chase. You've got her running through the middle of it dodging bullets, pushing trucks out of the way. It can look really cheesy and road runnery. So that took a lot of fine tuning to try to figure out how to not make it a blur effect, but help make it look cool. So that was very, very tricky to have her running fast but not have her legs moving 100 miles an hour. We were just coming up with rigs between ourselves and special effects. The treadmill, we had one that we could move it down the street and then we would have her on a wire to basically sort of give us the feeling that she's running and pushing this truck to get those kind of close up moments of her really sprinting in an out of cars really. And then the truck flip. What I love about the truck flip moment is that she's boxed into a corner and it's her ingenuity that wins the day. She's under fire, she's realizing something wrong. She's really struggling but she figures out a mechanical thing that will change the dynamics and executes it. The idea is the Wonder Woman goes slides underneath this truck, she kicks the prop shaft down, it digs into the ground and it flicks her up through the air. While that happens the truck was going to go onto it, nose and back onto its roof and skid along. We are about to do a 360 flip on this URL truck behind me and we've been prepping for this probably for about six months so it's a big day and we've got two goes at it today. We've already done three tests and we're all very successful so fingers crossed. Today will go well. So for it to work we decide whether it's going to be a parotecting in flip or whether it's going to be eye pressure gas and we went for a very large nitrogen cannon. So basically as the truck comes down the road, as soon as we get to a certain point I have pressed one button and I can see the cable release and I press for second button and then all of the things, 2,500 pounds of nitrogen, fires, they've just opened the closes, fires all of the nitrogen out which flips the truck home. It's always great to take a character who you think can't get any better, who has limits to their ability and overcome those limits and that's one of the great things that Diana's telling us by constantly increasing her abilities and constantly growing as a character. I love that it's such a heroic moment from someone who's struggling and able to pull it off because of just how smart they are. It was a fun journey and extremely difficult thing to do. you