 When I first watched the movie, I started to cry when I saw the opening scene. I did not expect this reaction, but for the first time in my life, I wasn't gull the actress, I wasn't Wonder Woman. I was an eight year old girl who watched a movie and saw a girl that can do anything, but in her own way, not trying to be anything else. And it touched me so deeply. The Amazon Games, In The Muscura, are a famous part of Diana's origin story. That we wanted to be in the first film, but there just wasn't room to put them in. It's incredible to see this beautiful event that these women do together as their way of entertaining themselves and competing with each other and keeping themselves in shape and training for any battle that may come. It takes place in this unbelievable stadium and it allows for young Diana to really show off her skills. Do you want to go inside? No, plus do we get to sit. I think I've got a rough idea of her. At the moment, I'm getting a cough song and I am fully dressed so I'm ready to go to sit. Little Diana, Lily Asible, is an unbelievable superstar. I cast her when she was so tiny, my audition tape of her is the greatest thing ever. This little girl with this fire in her eyes who's this big, you're not going. If not, I truly took ages with one arrow and I slapped the sharks. Listen, it's too dangerous out there. You can't go. Then I want to. Okay? And I was like, that's Diana. She's one of the most impressive stunt people I've ever seen in my life. Our stunt guy would come up to me all the time and say like, you couldn't find a better stunt person to cover her if you'd scoured the world. We had her from the very start and she did everything herself. She was never doubled. When you load it, so when you load it, you're on top of it. Go back to the spring, knock it, draw it, aim it, release. Perfect. You load again. Pull that, mate. We do obstacle courses together every day and just the amount of strength and coordination and skill that she's acquired. She's naturally really talented but she also works so hard and we have to force her to take a rest. We'll have to be like, okay Lily, we have to breathe for at least 10 seconds before you do another one and she's jumping on the bar over and over and I love it. It's so cool. But she just loves working hard and she gets better so fast because of it. Lily is a badass. Hi, my name's Lily Aspel and I am 10 years old. I play a young Diana and I'm in the Amazon Games. I start off with the spin so I jump on it. I climb up. The thing is spinning backwards and it goes around two times and I jump off it and then I'm doing a hand spring into the hole and then I come up the hole and I go into my bars. And then I jump on the poles and then I do the bridge which you can see that I need. She was doing these kind of giants, robar running along the top, dropping down, gain some assault onto the top of these running logs which were all set at length so they're 25 feet up in the air, running along that, jumping onto the next platform to avoid the swinging log and then diving off that at the end of it into a big swallow dive to take you into the water. Then swim, swim, swim, swim. I'm getting dragged along from a boat into the water and it's going to be really, really cool. I said to my mum I was like, oh, mum, I just am so privileged to do the stunts. I mean, everything's just so cool. And today is probably the best one. Thank you, we're going to bring Lily over. And then the riding sequence at the end, you know, that was her forte because she's a fantastic rider in her own right. She just showed jumping in that, but all of that riding through there was her. It's lovely working with Lily because she already has this natural base of horsemanship, her understanding of the horse and understanding working with us. She's completely fearless and especially reaches on the horse. Nothing stands in her way. She's professional, she towns up, she knows what she needs to do. Occasionally I forget that she's 10, you're kind of going, can she hold your eye contact, she jumped on the horse, everything the adults can do, she can equally do. And it is, it's she is a very special little girl. How does that feel? Does that feel as awesome as it is? Does it feel like, yes, a bit? Have you seen it? Do you want to see it? Yes, I've seen it before. It's very easy. Oh, I'm falling. Let's look at it. Let's do it. Oh, look at this. Look at this. Thank you. Take it. Yeah. Trudging. Oh my god. Your mom's required. Not a lot of kids could do that. That is amazing. Oh my god. It's stunning. It's so awesome. They were all developed for like full grounds, which made it more of an interesting sort of character derivative for her anyway. She was a child, so you'd kind of then like the jump becomes bigger, the swing becomes higher, all of those things. So we had to stretch everything that she did a little bit. Because she's just fearless. She goes for everything. You know, she's really attentive as well when Patty's talking to her. You can tell she's listening and she's just soaking it in. And as soon as she goes again, she gets her gears and she just does it and she's not afraid of anyone. She stood next to everyone in the line, all these athletes and she's just there like, yeah, I'm one, two. I think that everybody who's had an opportunity to work with Lily has definitely fallen in love with her. She's the perfect young Diana for gal. She's a very physical, very gun-ho. I literally just arrived on set and I saw a tiny little girl on top of a giant horse and then just like with ease just jumping off the horse and starting walking. I just think everybody walks on set and they're like, they're like, they're like, cool hips. She is a very strong girl, but she's a great actress. Thank you, Jane. It's really cool walking, Connie. She's a queen. What do you say? She's a queen. She's the one with extraordinary powers. How is great even then, my name? For me to see Lily, to see the young girl, the young Diana, do everything by herself and riding this horse and swimming and jumping and doing all those crazy things, I forgot about everything and I was just there and I was like, that's the dream. That's what we need to see. I'm happy. Yeah. I'm happy. Here's something that I do and I'm like, how could I do that? I look back at it and I'm like, okay, but I did it. Yes, honey. Well, I think that's exactly what it was so good for a walk-up all. It's bigger and it's better and there's loads more stunts so people can see who she really is because in the first one they saw who she was but they didn't see the real sight to Diana and it shows this in their movie. The creative powers of our team are extraordinary. You have this very important scene which is a moment of learning for young Diana. She has to learn is that there's really only one truth and that is your own. It was something that I think was important for her to have an experience of it learning her truth. They say that if you see it then you can dream about it then you can become it and that was the dream. We laid the dream for so many girls and boys to watch. I was so moved and I think it's just so beautiful.