 This is the third film I've made with Paul King, and I think he is a very special unique talent. I really admire Paul King's eye for artistry and detail. He's always made things look brilliant and beautiful and vivid and colourful. The idea of a role-dial adaptation by Paul King about Wonka was just so fantastically exciting. There's a child inside Paul, I think. He's not afraid at all to embrace that. There's a real joy in his work and a sense of fun and mischief. We wanted heart, we wanted humour. We wanted someone who could capture the spirit of Dahl and so we hired Paul. We were incredibly fortunate. It was the first time that the Dahl estate, his children and grandchildren had given permission for anything outside the actual books to be told as a story. So it was very nerve-wracking to be treading in these enormous shoes of one of the greatest storytellers of all time. I felt incredibly honoured they let me have a go. For Paul to have the opportunity to do that, on a story that didn't exist yet to be filling in the gaps, he just brought Paul King to roll Dahl in a way that I think is a very special thing. I really wanted this movie to be able to sit as a companion, peace to the original movie. It's really tricky when you're creating that film and a story that's based around something that people hold very dear to their heart. I wanted to bring to the world a wonker back when he was young and wide-eyed and full of hope and optimism. Before he became that sort of gene wilder version of the character that so many of us grew up with. I thought where would Willy Wonka be as a young man? Say he's gene wilder in 1971 if that's what he grows into. Nominally the time is 1948, which would allow Timothy Shalamet to grow into gene wilder. The other thing about the late 40s, which seemed like a good place for a Willy Wonka movie, is because the world is slightly stiff. And what they need is a massive blast of Willy Wonka and the future and a technicolor kind of fangirl that he can bring to their lives. My name is Willy Wonka and I have come to show you a marvelous morsel, an incredible edible, an unbeatable, incredible light. The light so much of this world has never seen, so quiet up and listen down. No, scratch that, reverse it. I wanted to really discover where his genius came from, where the ideas came from, where he came up with these fabulous creations. And we channel it back to his childhood. When I started thinking about the movie and thinking about food was those tastes that come to you of home. And if you ask any kid who their favourite cookers are probably say their mum or their grandma or their dad or whoever does the cooking in their house. There's probably one meal that they do that will touch their heart in a way that regular food just can't. They're also going to have to have a candy better than your original mom. It's impossible. Willy Wonka is obviously a great genius, creator and a great cook and a great chef, but he has that first primal taste of chocolate that stays with him, that for the rest of his life he's trying to recreate. We loved the idea that Willy had spent seven years scouring the seven seas and seven continents and finding the world's finest ingredients. All he has to make chocolate is what he calls his travel factory, which is a small sort of salesman-sized case, which contains everything the travelling chocolate dig need. In the story, Willy can't read, so a lot of his ways of communicating are through drawings, so we have various ingredients as drawings. Every jar is something unique and exquisite that goes into making these mind-blowing chocolates. We had such great props department. Everything that you see in the case is real, it's all unscreened, there's no sugary pokery and it's just so beautiful. I know, silver lining, made of condensed thunder clouds and liquid sunlight. Helps you see that faint ray of hope beyond the shadow of despair. Just what we need. Willy Wonka is a sort of strange, nebulous, unknowable character. You don't want him to feel like just another guy in a movie. He's got to feel slightly magical and slightly unhinged and unnerving, but at the same time be the emotional heart of the movie and it's a very delicate fine line. With Willy Wonka, Roldahl created his most iconic character. He has been played by incredible actors to date. I mean, he's been played by Jean Wilder and we have the good fortune of having Timothy Chalene playing him. It wasn't a long list, it was Timothy Chalene and that's it. He was my first choice by a country mile. He has the most extraordinary quality. He feels slightly like he's stepped in from another dimension, he's kind of almost not real. It feels like he captures the essence of that sort of otherworldly magical character. The way he carries himself, he's got an innate elegance and an innate speed. He's got a brain that goes off like fireworks, which is very suitable for Wonka because Wonka is batambatam, she'll blunt him wide. Let's go, yes, anything's possible, let's make things happen. Willy Wonka, he's one of these people who seems to have this outlook on life like there must be an answer or the problem wouldn't have presented itself. That's how he seems to see the world. I think that that's a really good hero for children to have and that's something that Paul and Simon have infused into the character of Willy that I think is really exciting. My favorite moments on the set of Wonka were the moments where Paul King and I felt like brothers and arms. You might be running out of time, there might be four more shots to get in time to do too. Paul and I put our heads together, there's the sweat, there's the exhaust shift, but then in front of the camera. And you know what, and I'd love the challenge of that, but I felt like I was in the trenches with them. I just felt blessed to be able to assemble this cast and there were so many extraordinary people who were prepared to come and work with me. It felt like every time I asked whether somebody would be willing to do it, they said yes, I felt like the kid in the candy store. Well done. Help me. So much of what Paul's created, it's not from the source material, it's from his imagination or him saying, well I know there's this name of this character who happened to be in the Gene Wilder film like a select slugworth or prognosis and trickle-grubber who were in the books, but for him to blow up those characters, I just really admire his imagination. It's just lovely how this script feels like even the characters that didn't exist feel like they could have been written by Roldole and even down to their names, Abakus Crunch. They feel like they've always been part of that universe. One of the things that was most fun for me was trying to create these really memorable villains, and we have two of our villains called Scrubbitt and Bleachett, and they're played by Olivia Coleman and Tom Davis, and they're the most delicious grotesques. You're just a sickly officer! You're working with people at the very top of their game, in every aspect. I think everyone's really, really humbled to be a part of this, to bring this story to life. I was like a little schoolboy when it would be me and Olivia Coleman. How could I help you, officer? Because she is incredible. She does vile. For the poorly one of the nicest people I've ever been best enough to meet in my whole life, Olivia Coleman plays. No, I stay like no one else. And you! Try to save John Gray's off you! You...case it... But, Puffy Wuffy! I love you! Grab onto this hook. My character, as far as I know, is a completely brand-new creation. Exquisite work that the hair and makeup team have done. You look in the mirror and the work. It was amazing. I mean, to play a character who has hands like a fake, big hands. It's extraordinary. Carstrel, I'm sure it did. You don't believe me, do you? Honestly, no. No. No. No. Definitely not. Noodle and the washhouse gang. They were really great fun to create. Our cast is brilliant. There's Avocus Crunch played by Jim Carter, whose voice alone is worth working with. I would just work with his voice. If not his whole body, that's a plus. And Natasha Rothwell, she is amazing. And Rocky. We all get along so well. It's a good mixture with Rocky, Rich, Natasha and me. It's a great contrast there. We were able to just vibe with each other quite easily. And they're also funny. Each and everyone is so funny in their own different way. And it's just a wonderful thing to see. We auditioned thousands of people from around the world. And we were so fortunate to find the amazing Kaleine. She can do this brilliant sort of a jaded cynicism, which is extraordinary for somebody. Her age. You're a chocolate. No. What? You've never had chocolate? Still, no. At the same time has a real vulnerability. And I think that's a really tough thing for any performer to give. Let alone somebody as young as Kale. But she threw herself into it with such gusto. What she brings to Willie is cynicism and reality. Really? And what he brings to her is a sense of the possible, of the power of dreams. And imagination to transform your environment. GAT! I don't think it would be a Willy Wonka film unless there were umplumpers. It felt like they had to be there. But I was interested in the idea of the umplumper following Willie, rather than Willie tracking down the umplumpers. When I think of umplumper, I think of bright green hair, orange skin, and ridiculous dancing. And it felt those were the key qualities. Dyle describes them as shorter than your knee. And that's obviously something that we can create. They couldn't do in the 70s. So I felt like I was sort of trying to take that initial vision of the umplumper and maybe do it how they would do it now. We would try to think of somebody who could be very superior and judgmental. And mean and cruel and very funny at the same time. And he grabbed this the only person to create. What is it? It was a joy. She'd get to meet him. He'd get to work with him. And also, I was fortunate enough to be able to go to the monitor and between takes and I could see what he was doing. And then could adjust and the takes after. And he got really lucky. Umplumpers do not negotiate. Good day, sir. But that's my last jar! I said good day. It's a really big ambitious movie. And it's a long journey to get something like this from start to finish. But the thing I'll take away for me personally has been the joy of spending time with our incredible cast. Those were always the best days and the best times. And if I ever get a chance to do anything like this again, I'll be very, very fortunate. The whole movie feels really joyful. Like from its colour, from its movement. And I think that's what we all need. It's an embarrassment of riches this movie. And I'm really honored to be part of it. It's just a joy to come to work and live for a wine and Paul King's world. I think Paul King is making a classic of film that will be enjoyed for generations to come. Thank you.