 I grew up loving Royal Tile. He was really the great writer of my childhood. And the first thing I read of his was Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. And I had this old paper back and I read it and I read it and I read it. And I must have read it dozens of times because I remember the pages all came out of the book. We all knew those stories. I remember the illustrations. There's something about the worlds that he creates in the way that he writes. Just absolutely visual. I take on a character as iconic as this one. It's revered in culture like this. It's outside the bounds of role dolls. Original material. That was a great guiding light. It's a fabulous world for a fabulous story full of colorful buildings and looming spires and golden domes all sprinkled with a dusting of fairy tales now. We've been incredibly fortunate to partner with amazingly talented artists working behind the camera. Nathan Crowley is our production designer and he's created a vibrant and vital world from chocolate shops to wash houses to building an entire town centre and Galeria. Not only Nathan but Lee Sammels who's our sector creator and then their whole teams together really made this rich world. Nathan called me about a wonka and the timing was perfect so you're aligned. It was really good to work with someone like Lee. We're working from different ends and we're coming to the middle. So that was great. I felt like it was a really strong team because of it. The city we've created for the movie is a sort of wonderful fairy tale city somewhere in the middle of Europe. There's something very specific and very general about it at exactly the same time. It's almost all of Europe in one city. The town itself is kind of like the greatest hits of Europe. It's like the best of. It takes influences from English, French, German and Swiss architecture but we wanted it to feel as though you couldn't quite place it within one particular country. It's been a real journey to find a town square. At one point we were going to film in Europe thinking well we could actually go to a real square and it's more difficult because you've got dance numbers and you have to control areas for long periods of time so it worked out well that we got to build a big backlog because we got to make it ours. As we got further into production and because it's a musical and the set had to be used by a lot of dancers the set got bigger and bigger and bigger to accommodate the action. This one is one of the most amazing beautiful words you can imagine. Sometimes when I feel a little bit low I'd scuffle a walk round. Everything is like 360. You can walk into it. You can have a stroll about it. It's phenomenal the job that's been done. There's something really awesome about walking into the town square and just the sheer scale on display and the artistry on display the detail. It's a sort of thing only a major studio picture could really create. It has to be the best chocolate in the world. Oh don't know about that. They say they're the very best. Comes from a place called the gallery gourmet. When we have this extraordinary shopping gallery at a sort of cathedral to food and the fine things in like called the gallery gourmet. It's very grand and it's very opulent. It's just where the greatest of the great go. The gallery gourmet which is where the three greatest chocolate is on the planet live and do their work. That allowed Paul and Nathan Crowley to make the world exactly like the best bits of all that research and it's a huge build. It's an absolutely massive undertaking. So to have the opportunity to build an interior under a tent that goes into the back lot for a major scene it's willy. Coming into the town square and moving into the gallery and this is his dream. So to get to continue that in one flow was I just loved it. Now as you step through the gates of the Palais we wanted the Orges de Fuddes though they were entering this amazing arcade of the highest forms of food. There's this brilliant building in Milan which is sort of the home of fashion and there's these sort of four big fashion brands also sort of facing each other from these corner shops and it felt like a really fun sort of playground for our characters that it all looks extremely opulent and nice. Detail the detail in the shop windows and then the cafes. Every single one is perfect it was like you almost melted with the sort of beauty of it. Here we are Mr. Wanko, I'm sweetheart. So the glory of the town is here in your cross of bridge and you end up at scrubbim bleachers. The laundry was actually the first that I actually started with on the phone. I was intrigued by the song Scrub Scrub and it was so easy for me to pick up just on the lyrics the song and the beat of the song. I almost instantly had that set in my head from just reading the script just once and then from that we were able to create the process through the set design so we knew that the vats had to be here, we knew that the mangles had to be there. One of the lines is like turn the big handle on the mangles so I knew I had to find the biggest mangles which I could in order to turn the handle. We've all been utterly blown away and there's tons of bits of paper that no one will ever see but they're all absolutely accurate. They've all got laundry written on them and amounts and stuff. Every single thing has a purpose and an intention which just makes the set come alive for us as actors. I love the laundry. I mean the laundry is steamy, gothic, there's a feeling of a sort of sort of slimy steamy, mechanical, people trapped on those working away. Elementuring then Willy Wonka enters and sprinkles magic around. From my character, you know he walks into St. Paul's Cathedral and he has to pay off a priest and then the confessional is actually an elevator that goes into a vault that opens up that is a chocolate factory underneath the cathedral. It's not just whimsical, it's like cleverly whimsical. Nathan actually designed this most incredible set. It's so clever. We go through the vault door and there's the inner tank that they built in there and around that tank is their men's club. The set dressing there's quite subtle. We found these cowl back sofas but if you look at the details of them, the leather on them is actually almost like a dark chocolate colour and they slightly ripple almost a bit like chocolate. The same as the wind back chairs and they have a bar and they have chocolate machines. So there's a grandeur to it. The chandelier of these her 1930s are deco inspired that look like giant jellies. The hat's have a feeling of a gentleman's club slushy of a lair. My favourite set I'd say is the Wonka chocolate shop. I love it. It's like when you walk in it's just like, it's just like a big bright sun. It's crazy. You see all the flowers and river. He's really made it as a tribute to his mother so he's recreated his childhood home in chocolate. There are these extraordinary flowers and bees and creations and it's something far more tranquil and natural that you might expect from a crazy inventor I suppose. When I first read the script I was really overwhelmed by the sentiment that Paul wrote in the few lines which actually describes the interior of the shop and one of them was that it was Linschland to Garben. So his chocolate shop was never going to be about presentation. It was going to be romantic. It was going to be full of colour. It was going to be fun. It was going to be imagination. The chocolate tree which is the centerpiece of the shop it was like well why don't we spin the tree so we put a Turkish delight road so you can step into this twirling cherry blossom. We did a huge amount of R&D finding artificial flowers and greenery, sculpting, test painting, sugarcoting, glazing, chocolate dipping to find the exact right processes in order to make something look edible. It has a magical quality to it. It's exactly what I think if I was a kid and I was watching this movie that's how I'd imagine what Willy's shop would look like. The Wonka chocolate shop seeing that was a moment where my heart went into my throat. I felt hugely grateful to the universe to get to be playing this role and to get to be part of this story. It was just humbling to the idea of what it was like on the gene wilder one. You know, things look so delicious and when you're there you take a bite, something you break your tooth. David Hamins set up with the studio that I could go hang out there in the shop alone and they lit it which is generous and I got you just hang out there for four hours and go over the choreography and the shop is extraordinary. Enjoy and don't forget to eat your basket. I haven't been in many movies of this scale before so every day is a jaw dropper for me. To walk into something that is so thoughtful and carefully drawn, it really elevates I think everyone involved. You just come and play every day. It's never going to be exactly what's on the page which is actually really exciting. It's been an absolute joy to make this fantasy world.