 I guess I'm trying to say Barbara's, um, will you marry me? Oh, I don't know Colin. You're a lovely man, but I'm looking for someone to sweep me off my feet, you know? Wist me off to a life of adventure. Could that be you? No. Oh. Not with my Chromic Lacto Self-Colored Fidants. I'd best be off. Uh, we'll call it in. Sorry to have wasted your time, Barbara. Taxi? Eh, miss you at Gnampi? Oh, wait, uh. Give anything for a broken heart. So the taxis never stop. The girls think you're a flop. You're wedding cold, you're getting old. You're confident, sisha. It's true. When people look at you, they seem to look straight through. Or like you're something brown they found upon the bottom of their shoe. Have you been following me? But they should lift the glue, my giraffe milk macaroon. Just take a chance and you'll be dancing to a different tune. Goodbye to feeling small and frightened of it all. Just eat a few of these and you'll be feeling ten feet tall. Well, there's chocolate and there's chocolate. Only one gives makes your confidence, skyrocketed. It doesn't even work here. Look, and until you're hungry, get yourself some work of chocolate. Man, I'm just one kiss. Yes, please. You've never had chocolate like this. Oh, we've never had chocolate like this. Have you tried his new one? No, you've got to have him go. Just poppin' in and everything becomes a Broadway show. The news that makes you gas. The jokes that make you laugh. All that you say and you will, they will be choreographed. Monster hair can't think where. Feeling fairly fair up there. Don't despair, I can't prepare. Behold my hair, a parakeler. It's made from ground vanilla, from the markets of vanilla. Take heaty more than three and you'll end up like a gorilla. Well, there's chocolate. And there's chocolate. Only one gives makes your confidence, skyrocketed. Touch your hands and do your homework. Oh, put a sock in it. Make sure they're all fresh. Have you ever had chocolate like this? I've ever had chocolate like this.