 Hi guys! Hi! Ow! Hey guys, it's Sid. Basically guys, here's a thing. My mom asked me, what do you want for Christmas? I always say, you know mom, you don't need to give me anything. You being my mom is enough for me. And um, she said no. Like cut to the chase, what do you actually want? And in that case, I really didn't know. Like what do I actually want for Christmas? You know, Christmas isn't about the gifts, but maybe you are looking for gifts to get someone. Maybe people are asking you what you want for Christmas and you also just don't know. So today I'm going to be doing a Christmas gift idea. I'm starting out at Starbucks per usual, just to get in the Christmas cheer, you know. What's a good holiday drink you recommend? I have a little bit of a little bit of a gift. I'm not going to be in the same place. Can I have it ice or not? I have literally no idea what the heck I just ordered. Thank you too. What the heck did I just order? Like how do I not even know? Um, I kind of just asked for... What did I even ask for? Why is this so good? Probably because there's like a hundred grams of sugar in it, but... Wow, I think I'm in the Christmas spirit now. I have to do one more thing before I give you guys my Christmas wish list and that involves going to Target. So let's go. Yes! Yes! Yes, Christmas! This looks a lot better in my head. I'm just trying to get in the spirit, you know. I'm just trying to get in the spirit. Oh, God, it just doesn't look good. Oops. It is time for me to show you guys the Christmas gift ideas. These are gift ideas that you can either put on your Christmas wish list or these are great gift ideas just for friends and family. Number one, hair clips. I'm talking about these claw clips. I wear these all the time. I got these on Amazon. It came with quite a few different colors and they're definitely very in style right now. Next up is a microphone. My friend has one of these. We use it all the time. It's really fun for like karaoke nights and just to kind of goof around a face mask. They sell some really cute reusable ones on Etsy and online workout subscription with Jim's closing and everything. I think an online workout set, whether it's something like a Chloe Ting thing. I don't really know because I don't work out but something of that sort. Another idea would be workout bands since you can use that home. You don't have to go to the gym. A foam roller, a cute workout set, whether this be a sports bra and leggings or a sports bra and shorts. New workouts sets always get me motivated to workout. So, crocs. I know I might get hate for this one. I like crocs. I think they're practical. I think they're cute. A portable foam charger. A music subscription to Apple Music or Spotify. I think that's a really awesome, actually useful gift. I would love to receive that. An Alexa or Amazon Echo Dot. I really don't know if that's like the same thing. LED take-talk lights. I have some in my room. Star lights. This is from Amazon also. This is really, really cool. Just lights up your room and looks like a galaxy at night. The next one is perfume. Perfume might just feel like it's something you can't go wrong with. Next up is a sheet mask or just some sort of clay mask for your skin. Yoga pants. This is definitely one of the things I'm asking for this year. Yoga pants have just come back into style so quickly. I feel like recently, Kunex. I really love to shop on apps or websites that recycle or resell clothes. So if you buy them used on like D-pop or Poshmark, you can get some really cool original Kunex. Boyfriend or mom jeans. Slippers. You know, if you really want to get some really cool slippers, I recommend loafers. I feel like I'm the only one that thinks this is funny, but Glossier makeup. A longboard or a penny board. I feel like this is a really good quarantine activity. Next up is blue light glasses. I actually have blue light glasses. You don't know what they are. Basically, it helps protect your eyes from the blue light on your phone or laptop screens. I saw this one TikTok and I thought this was so cool. It's a pen. Wait, I don't even know how to describe it. It's like a pen that transfers written ink to your computer. I'll find it and link it below. I don't really know the technical term for it, but I think it's so helpful if you're a student in school. Next up is merch. Whether there's a celebrity or a singer or an influencer, you really like. Merch is something that's really cool and personable. I also have merch. So, fender.co, backslash. The neat link below. Phone cases. Fuzzy socks, jewelry. I love gold hoops recently. Those are really cute or some sort of chain necklace or choker. A wall collage kit. I actually have one and I got mine on Etsy. There's a lot of different collage kits on Etsy that you can choose from. It totally transforms your room. Gift cards are also a great gift idea. I think a gas station gift card is really useful if you can drive or Starbucks gift card or something food related like Chick-fil-A. Target would also be a great place to get a gift card for. A facial humidifier. Really great for your skin. Basically, I like an at home facial, a disposable camera. Next up is a projector. I actually purchased a projector on Amazon a couple months ago and this was one of my best purchases. I use it to watch movies and Netflix. You can also have photo shoots with it which is so fun. Reusable straws, chapstick. I feel like you just can't have enough of that. Oh my camera's gonna lie. The We're Not Really Strangers card set. This is just a really cool card game if you're into self-betterment and also just learning about someone new who you've met. Honestly, it's just a really genuine conversation starter. Light up chapsticks. If you watched my Amazon video, I got these and I think they're freaking cool. Although one of them's burnt out so I just have one. Plants or succulents, watercolor paints and paper, a purse or a bag of some sort, a facial gift card. I've received this before and I think it's such a fun gift idea. An Apple Watch air fresheners for your car. Hand sanitizer. Tis the season. Body wash, gum, pajamas. Victoria Seeker has some really, really cute sets for the season. A makeup organizer. The container store has some really good containers. Chapstick or a lip mask. Press on nails. I cannot live without my press on nails now. I wear them all the time and they're from Target. A curling iron or a crimper. The crimper I use is from Body Boost and it's really, really good so I'll link it down below. A beanie. I really recommend love your melon. They have really cute beanie's and they donate 50% of the proceeds to children with cancer. You're kind of doing two and one. Donating and you're getting a cute gift for someone. If you do drive a phone mount is a really great gift idea. Heelies. Do they even still make those? I don't know, I just thought of that and I was like, that would be so epic. A mini waffle maker. A 10 foot phone charger. Student subscriptions. If you are a student, something like Cheg, which I actually just worked with, or if you're trying to see a tutor in person, a bath bomb or bath salts, acne stickers. I have these from StarFace. I'm sure you guys have seen them. Basically, you just stick them on your pimples and they're so cute and they actually do work really well. A lip scrub. Self-tanner. I love loving tan. Also, a face-tanner. My favorite face-tanner I have to show you is so good. This is eco-tan. This is like a face-tan water. It is so good for your skin. It doesn't break me out at all. It gives me a really good, even natural tan. I haven't used it in a few days so that's why I'm not tan right now. And I last serum. I've been using an eyelash serum called Bay Blash. This is definitely more on the pricey side, but it's definitely been helping my eyelashes to grow. Suitcases or a luggage. A coffee maker. I have a few room decor ideas. So one of them is these clouds. If you guys have seen my videos before, you probably would have seen these clouds on my ceiling. I got them on Etsy. Also, you can get some really cool, hand-painted CDs on Etsy. It's a really fun way to spice up your room. Another cool room decor is custom album wall art. I actually have some up there. These are so cool because you can choose your favorite songs. I have them custom designed on Etsy and shipped to you. A funny t-shirt. I have this t-shirt that I got. It says Fed Up on it. I really like funny stuff like that. A water bottle, slash a hydroflask. Candy. Really can't go wrong, candy. A belt. This is very random, but I feel like maybe it's just because I really don't own many belts, but ordinary skin care. I have not tried their stuff, but I've heard really, really good things about their products. A record player. A reusable Starbucks cup. Air pods. A cute pen set to go along with it. I think a planner would be really, really nice. Nail polish. A light up mirror for your makeup. A ukulele or a keyboard. If you are shopping for someone who is into music, a bean bag. It's like the most brand thing on here, but I thought it was a good idea. A book. One of my favorites is the book, The Best Advice I Ever Got. And a alarm clock. Personally recommend a sonic bomb. If you're shopping for someone who can't wake up from things and is a heavy sleeper, it's very loud and electric toothbrush. An external hard drive. An essential oil diffuser. I have one of these back home and it's so cool, the different types of oils you can use for different purposes. Slides. So practical. Actually, I really need new slides, so mom, if you're watching this. Could you use some. A drone. For someone who's really into videography and cinematography. Sun glasses. Headbands. Brandy Melville has some really nice ones. A green screen. I really want this. Honestly, I might just buy it myself. Just like imagine the amount of fun you could have with that. Fairy lights. A robe. And last but not least, new makeup brushes. So those are all the gift ideas that I have. That was quite a lot, but I hope it was helpful. And I hope you were able to pull at least one idea from this. Whether you're trying to get ideas for yourself or for other people. I do try to keep some of these gifts to be fairly inexpensive because I understand this year with everything going on, people's financial situations are a lot different. So I tried to keep that in mind with compiling this list. Also, whatever you do celebrate. Happy holidays. I'm so excited. I love this summer of year. It's my favorite time of the year. I'm so excited. And honestly, the holidays are about so much more than gifts. But I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in my next video. Bye, guys.