 We hit two million! Oh my god! Well, we hit two million subscribers! I feel like we just hit a million subscribers a year and a half ago and now we're already at two million subscribers. I don't know what I did to deserve you guys. You guys are seriously the best. I don't want to make this too long and boring. Basically, I should just preface this by briefly apologizing. Basically, what I was going to do was I was going to like plan when I hit two million and fill my live reaction to hitting two million. Somehow, I missed it. It came a lot earlier than I thought it would. I deeply apologize for my fail. But that just doesn't really matter because numbers are just numbers and I know at the end of the day, I would still be doing this even if I had four subscribers because it's just genuinely something that I really left to do. But it is a super big milestone and I'm just so grateful for it. So I really wanted to thank you guys from the bottom of my heart because we're just such a great big happy family and I love you guys so much. Thank you for allowing me to live my childhood dream every single day because without you guys, I would not be where I am. But I'm so much coming and so much in store. Speaking of which, one of the really exciting things is actually coming this Sunday, the 29th at 12pm at CST. It's going to be a YouTube video going up on my channel. I have worked on this video you guys for months. I love how it turned out. It means so much to me and I'm so excited for you guys to finally see it. So stay tuned for that. Since I hit two million subscribers, I was trying to figure out what would be appropriate to do to celebrate. And I thought what better way to celebrate than to throw a two million subscriber party. So it's just going to be you, me, all of us together celebrating two million subs. But without further ado, it's party time. Where's the sound? The heck is so underwhelming. Okay, well, this is sad. I'm going to have to add the effect. You guys might have just thought what you're making a cake, but this is not just baking. This is a full on party. So I wanted to get party hats, but they didn't have any like normal ones. They only had these mini cupcake ones. So I still have to do. I also got some decor because what is a party without decor? So I got this garland and we're going to set this up. Wow, this is so fun. Oh my gosh. And add some spice, some flavor. I'm going to take the balloons and we're going to blow these up. Okay, here we go. Oh my gosh. What is wrong with me? I feel so wet right now. Look how festive we are here, ladies and gentlemen. Wow, this is like so perfect, guys. This is everything I envisioned and more. Okay, so we can have a party without cake. So I'm going to make myself my own two-lane subscriber cake. Since I've moved into my apartment, I have not had a mixing bowl and every time I do a baking video, I always tell myself I'm going to get one and I never do. Yes, I'm ratchet, but this is all I have. So please do not roast me in the comments. By the way, I just actually did a fun, fettie cake mix because that is just the best cake mix I feel like. Okay, I have one cup of water. Next up, we're going to add some oil. Now three whole eggs. Did I get shell in there? I don't know. Okay, it says to beat the cake mix for two minutes on medium speed with a mixer, but I do not have a mixer because I'm not advanced enough for that. You're going to have to do it the old fashioned way manually with fork. I used to think eating this would get you sick because of the raw eggs, but I eat it and I seem to be fine, so. Time to pop this sucker in the oven. Okay, guys, so it has officially been 35 minutes, which is the amount of time the cake needed to bake. Here we go. It smells good. Oh my gosh, it's perfect. This never happens. It's actually perfect. I'm impressed with myself. Look at that. I mean, it just looks perfect. You can see the sprinkles in there. Okay, so I've left the cake cool for like 20 minutes or so. It is time to frost and decorate. I got pink frosting just because that would be more fun. We're trying to be festive, you know. It also came with sprinkles, so. Why is this actually so aesthetic? Heck, yes. This looks so pretty. What the heck? I did not expect it to look this pretty. I got some rainbow sprinkles, but I feel like that might ruin it, you know. Maybe I should just let it be. I wanted this to be for two million, so I wanted to make sure the cake had a two on it somehow. The only thing that I was able to find was this number two candle, which I feel like is usually used for a baby who's turning two years old, but you know what, in this case, we're using it for something else. The hummus that I don't have an M, because they didn't have an M. It's going to look like I'm turning two. Oops. Guys, usually when I bake, I fail miserably, but this actually looks really, really cool. Okay, it's now time to light the candle. Oh no. I thought it was going great, and now my lighter isn't working. I thought I was doing good up until this point. Let me go ask my friend, who's also my neighbor, for a later if she has one. Harbin, bro. Hi. Thank you. Thank you. At Miss Luxemay for this. Oh my gosh, this is the moment we've all been waiting for. Oh my gosh. This is so cool. What the heck? I don't know what to do now, but I just like sing. Happy to email you. Subscribe here. Just do all of us. I don't know what I'm doing. No, it's just me eating that, so. Wow. This is really good. Okay, I'm impressed. It's moist, it's sweet. It's sugary, obviously. Absolutely delicious. Solid 12 out of 10, honestly. And the Coke unit is. I'm honestly so hungry. This is going to be my dinner. So yeah, thanks guys for everything. This is for us. This is not just for me guys. Like, take a bite, please. I need some water. Actually, oh my gosh, I got these straws. I need to show you. I got these straws that are reusable. I thought they were cool. Okay. Wow. We're really living it up here. Wow guys, I think I'm going to call in a night. This was fun while it lasted. I hope you guys had fun. You know, this was a party for all of us. So please take a goody bag at the door. I don't have goody binning, so that's like not applicable, but I hope you guys liked it. This is so much fun. I had so much fun filming this. It was so much fun to just celebrate with you guys, because obviously this is about all of us, not just me. I have some super exciting self-coming that's so excited to finally share with you guys. So stay tuned for that. I love you guys. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.