 Good morning you guys. It's currently 7 a.m. I just got up. I'm gonna start my morning off the right way by making my bed. So as part of my efforts to wake up earlier in the mornings I changed my curtains to be these see-through white filter curtains. So that way every morning the light comes in and it wakes me up and I'm actually just forced out of bed. And there is really no choice for my fate that day. I hate you short. So in the mornings recently I've been liking to start my day with tea. This morning I'm trying this one. This is the Levin Ginger Manuka Honey Tea and I just use my little cureg. It's actually not mine. It's my roommates. I also will put like a little bit of honey in my tea. Is that normal? I don't know. I like to drink my tea outside. I have like a little backyard area. Good morning. Actually let me get closer. Oh my chair is folding in words and it's collapsing. I feel like we need to talk about a few things. Firstly as you can tell I'm outside I am in my backyard right now. My room has a little walk out to the backyard which is so nice. Honestly I feel like being outside in the mornings really grounds me. I used to be the type to go on my phone. The first thing when I wake up in the morning and obviously there's still some days where I do that but I found that this is like way healthier for me. I don't start school today till 2.30. So you made me wondering why are you putting yourself through this? Waking yourself up at 7am for no reason when you could get up at noon. And the thing is is that I did do that and it really makes me feel like crap. I feel unproductive. I just don't feel motivated. I feel like it just like sets my tonal and my day off on the wrong foot. So I've been really trying to be more productive for myself and that's kind of why I'm making this video to show you guys what I've been doing more recently. I have been trying to establish a routine for myself. When I'm out here in the mornings I also like to journal kind of as a replacement of going on my phone. So I have this mad happy journal. So each day have a little bit of a different prompt which is what I like. So for example today is it's going to be what I'm going to focus my energy on and how I'm feeling right now and it also has like little mood check-ins for each day. So now is the time of day where I exercise. Never thought I'd be saying that. I have been liking to go on walks. I'm going to change really quick. These are the vitamins I take in case you're wondering. These are the one-day dummy vitamins and I actually have two left. So I am currently listening to this podcast called The Mindset Mentor. I've actually listened to this one for like a couple of years now. It's a podcast by the Skyding Rock dial and he kind of just gives you like different ways to kind of change your habits and like your mindset. So yeah I'm going to walk for a little bit. I usually walk for like 20-30 minutes around my neighborhood. That's it and I should blur that out because that's my street sign. So now is the time of day. I like to do a little bit of yoga. I recently rediscovered that I am not flexible at all anymore and I rediscovered that out of trapeze lesson with my friend Jake. Don't ask why we were trapezing honestly. Sometimes I literally don't have time for this but if I do I like to just take a few minutes to just stretch. So is this actually technically yoga? Probably not. Yes, yes I am wearing shoes because wiki feet never fails to disappoint me every time and I am not mood to be on that website today. So my roommates are now up. Now's the time. I like to actually eat breakfast. So I'm going out of town tomorrow so I don't really have a lot of food here. So my only option is this bagel. That's literally my only choice. Oh and sometimes I wonder if my roommates are okay. Roommate. Maybe you're cut out from all future videos. As I was sitting there eating my bagel I realized that I wanted juice but I don't have a juicer and that's the issue here. So I decided to go to jambajus because they do it best. So I'm going there right now to grab a little green juice. Thank you too. So slightly sad news brace yourselves. They didn't have green juice left. But instead they have this green smoothie. The guys like it's actually really good so hmm I think in this he said this is like the apple celery one and it's really good. So you guys should try it. Anything green I also feel a very healthy eating. I feel good about myself even if it's not good for you. And maybe that is the placebo effect. Um anyways I am not going to go back home and I think I'm going to shower and kind of just start like actually getting ready. It's now 11 a.m. and I need to like do a little bit makeup just kind of get changed and then get ready for class. So let's go. My skincare routine is always changing. I feel like there's always like something that I'm trying out. Recently I've gone back to using my facial roller. I honestly just like the way it feels on my skin in the morning. One of the main reasons that I kind of want to like make a routine for myself is because mornings actually like really really shape the direction of my day. Like if I spend my morning kind of just like going on my phone, going on social media and just not being productive like the rest of my day is significantly less productive and I have noticed that pattern. I wash my face in a shower but I am going to go in with this exfoliator. This is a liquid exfoliant from Kate Summerville. I kind of just want to do moisturizer on sunscreen but I really don't want to do makeup today because I also am kind of lazy today. Okay so this is my outfit for the day. Let me actually show you guys in my near before I go. This is a crop top that I got from Princess Poly the other day and I love it. I feel like I've been loving red a lot recently. I also threw on this necklace and then some gold poop earrings and then I put my hair up just in a little claw clip per usual and then for my shorts I'm wearing this kind of mom jean longer shorts. I am going to go to class now but thank you guys for watching and I'll see you in my next vlog. Bye guys.