 Good morning. Good morning guys. And welcome back. Here we are again. I told you guys that I kind of want to just do my intros in here from now on. I'm really excited for today for some reason. I just woke up. I woke up in a good mood. Today is just basically going to be another day of me romanticizing my life living alone in New York City. Wow, that was actually really poetic. I think daily vlogs are just always going to be my favorite go to video to watch. I love watching other people's days and just them being productive. Anyways, I just got out of the shower, blow and dry my hair. I have some work to do. I also need to do some cleaning and laundry around the house. I think I'm going to work out actually tonight. Should I book a soul cycle class right now? Soul cycle is my new favorite thing. I just can't stop going. I hope that it's not getting annoying. I'm sorry. I feel like I go to soul cycle in every vlog now. But yeah, I think I'm going to book a soul cycle class. And then I'm getting dinner with some of my friends tonight. You don't get one. You're the only one. I'm really excited to meet you in someone's eyes. So I have a call with the guy who manages my finances and stuff in 20 minutes. So I have to get ready for that. I do want to throw in a load of laundry because it's about time. And they finally got the laundry set up and fixed because for a while it wasn't working. So I had to go to the laundry mat. I hope no one else has a laundry in because that would mean that I can't do it. Oh, yay. No one's using it. So this is the washer and dryer that we all share. It's really scary down here. I really don't like being down here. I have this app that I use that you hook up to the washer and dryer. You just start it with your phone, which is kind of cool. Laundry here is such a commodity in New York. New York just has a limited space. So there's not many washer and dryers in unit for people. And now we wait. Okay, the laundry is going for like 35 minutes. So I don't think the call will go that long. We almost scheduled this call yesterday, but I feel like all these calls always ask a million questions. So it ends up taking like way longer than it should. Hi, here's the New York main next week in account. That we can go to the last episode of the rest of the Best Place to Go. And that is a phone case on your last follow up. The call actually went really well. He's the guy that helps me strategically choose where to invest and like what stocks to invest in. Since I'm not really versed in that area, I really trust him. For lunch today, I think I'm going to make what I've been making like every day. Once I find something I like, I will make it on repeat until I hate it. Right now I've been loving chicken salad, which is so basic. It's nothing revolutionary. But I get these salad kits usually from Trader Joe's. I usually like to have some chicken. I usually like to have a side with it, so it's more filling. I do get really nervous though when I make chicken or any type of meat. Because I'm always worried that I'm going to under cook it and then get food poisoning. So then I always like cook it way too long. This is kind of like a bad angle. I'm so sorry. I don't think I'm going to... I just got a notification that my laundry is done. So I'm going to eat this quick, go downstairs, move it to the dryer. I really need to clean my apartment again. It gets messy so fast. I think it's because I'm in such a small studio. It gets messy so much easier because it's all one shared room. Like if my kitchen is messy, then my whole entire space feels messy. It's not like I can just like go to my bedroom and ignore it. So I feel like I have to be like extra clean now, but I'm living in a studio. Which like, you know, I got just a good thing. It really forces me to be clean. But after I do my laundry, I really want to go to my favorite coffee shop. I have to do some editing for a vlog and some emails and like other work stuff. I like to get out of the house. That's like my one way that I get out of the house. Sounds really sad. So I'm back. I'm so tired. I decided to throw in even more laundry right when I got back like five minutes ago because I've been meaning to wash my sheets and my comforter. Actually, through this and right before I left. So I just grabbed this from the dryer. So I'm going to make my bed. I'm going to try to put this fitted sheet on by myself, which is like the hardest thing to do ever. Putting a fitted sheet on a mattress is so challenging for no reason. This is the rest of my laundry that I have to fold now. I think I'm going to the point now guys where I need to go through all of my clothes again. You know, you need to go through them when you can't even close your drawer. Usually I feel like six months or so I'll go through everything and then donate a ton of stuff. I need to go through it immediately. Maybe I'll do like a closet clean out video. I honestly can't believe that I'm saying this for like the fourth vlog in a row. I'm getting ready to go work out. I just like, I'm so proud of myself to be honest because I've been so consistent with working out recently. It's always just kind of been a struggle for me to find like workouts that I actually enjoyed. I've just been really enjoying it recently and like how it makes me feel. And it also has been helping me sleep a lot better at night, which is a really big thing. I noticed that I like fall asleep so much easier when I work out during the day. And it's especially fun if you can pick a class with an artist that you like. So like tonight I'm doing a Taylor Swift Olivia Rodrigo class. I'm so excited. I usually like to go with one of my friends, but I also did this last minute. I do have to take the train this time though because I'm going to a different soul cycle than I usually go to. Okay guys, I just finished. I feel so good. I do wish that they played more of the old Taylor Swift songs though. Should kind of play it only like the newer ones. I feel like I just don't care about vlogging and public anymore. I definitely do. I definitely do. Thank you. So I stopped at this convenience store because I needed one thing. I needed avocados for breakfast and then they didn't have any. But I saw this Gatorade and it was like so it looked so good to me. I don't even remember the last time that I went to the store and bought Gatorade. This tastes like when you drink water at 3 a.m. like ice water and you wake up just meeting water. This is like how good this tastes right now. Anyways, I'm going to take a body shower now because I feel gross. I don't have my dinner for two hours and I'm also waiting for my laundry to finish. As you can see the comforter is just not on there yet. But I got some PR and I'm so excited to open it. My neighbors are actually so nice to me. We have a mail room and that's where all the packages go downstairs. But half the time I just open my door and my packages are just sitting there for me. And then my neighbors will text me and be like hey, just put the package by your door. Have a good day. This first one is Ilya. She probably gets scissors. Ooh, this is fun because I actually requested these ones. I got their skin tint. I also got their highlight stick. I got their blush. I love their stick blushes. They're so so good. I think I've been using them for like three years now. I got this one. I've never tried this shade. It's in the shade tenderly. This is so 2016 YouTube of me. They're skin tint and another shade. And then they're skin milk, which I'm so excited for. Okay, next up and last up, we have drunk elephant. Let me know though if you guys actually like PR halls or if you don't. I only want to do them if you guys actually enjoy it. Wow, look how fun it is. They sent... What's in here? This is like, kind of reminds me of like lush packaging. They sent a puzzle. Oh my god. My mom loves doing puzzles with me. And she's coming in a week. Like did they know that she was coming? You're supposed to do this with your best friend. But my best friend is my mom. So we're gonna be doing that together. See what else they sent in here? Bouncy bright facial. I don't think I've tried this. And then they're see firma fresh day serum. I'm so excited to try these with my mom. Thank you, drunk elephant and Ilya. I am also so lucky that I get so much PR that I've been thinking about doing like a giveaway for you guys. Let me know if I should do that on YouTube or TikTok or Instagram. Like there's so many places now. Like I don't know where to do that. I was immediately acting awkward. I was like, what are you guys doing? Hey guys. It's like you're kidding us. We're going out. We're going out tonight. We have big plans. We went to the worst restaurant ever for dinner. Delicious food. Forbill service. Now we're gonna go to the bar because we're feeling frisky. Had one drink at dinner. We're like, let's keep the night moving. We said we weren't gonna go out and now we are. Should we do after dinner tonight? You wanna go first? Tights. Amazon. Skirt. Do not know. Shirt. Zara. Jogget Hannah's. Boots that I've had for 8,000 years. Pants addicted. Tom. Kalle's closet. Boots. Do't say Vida. Pants Aberkommi. Cuc. Tops. Skins. Jacket. White Fox. Love.