 Good morning. Hi guys, what's up? It's Sid. Today's video I'm going to be doing an L.A. day in my life. I haven't done one of these videos and I feel like a little while, so I thought I'd take you guys along with me because I have some really fun things planned for the day. And today's special guest is April. So my friend April is visiting you though and we're gonna have a really fun day today. So basically right now we're about to go get osseables for breakfast because April 9th, Lava Seables. And then later today we are going to a Zaffle party which I'm so excited for. I am actually working with Zaffle on today's video so thank you to them for working with me. And then we're gonna go out to dinner later to a really fun restaurant. So have a lot planned for the day. We should probably get started because we have so much to do. Let's go get osseables. Alright guys, so April and I got our osseables. I actually got these peanut butter and jelly oatmeal. It's so good. It sounds kind of weird but it's actually so good. And then April got her osseable. It looks so pretty. This is April's new favorite thing here. I've gotten her addicted. There's just the best way to start the morning. Am I right ladies? Alright guys, so April and I just got back from breakfast. We are in my bathroom now. We're starting to do our makeup for the party. So how has your trip been so far? Ella is so cool. Her place is so cute. Thank you. How are my cleaning abilities? Cleaning abilities. Very cleanly. Thank you? Is that a lie? That was a lie. How would you rank me on the baddie scale from zero to a thousand? Zero being? No, I baddie at all. Thousand being baddie. I like all one and a half. Maybe like one and three quarters. Wow, that's a lot lower than I anticipated. What do you, what do you, what do you, so? It looked like a solid like... A hundred? What? What baddie do you do? Like, oh I put my milk in first this morning and I'm a baddie. She said. Okay guys, so we finished our makeup. We're going to get changed for the event. So, Zappel sent a few different things. I don't know what outfit I should put on, so I might like do a many fashion show and see what outfit you think I should fit. Cute, yeah. We're gonna get changed. So I'll see you guys in a second. 24 ounces. What? I'm just so... I don't know. Do you want to tell them about your outfits? Why did I sound British? Do you want to tell them about your outfits? This is a foldable. It's a high low dress. So cute and I love how the ruffles look here. Now it's time for my outfit. I actually have two outfits I'm trying to choose between. I literally cannot decide. So this is outfit number one, both below, even though the party will be before. So this won't, voting won't work. April, you're gonna have to tell me which one to wear. I got a breath. That was like my biggest workout of the week. Which outfit do you like better, April? I really like both outfits. I think they're both your style. But I definitely have one of favorites. Me too! Wait! Let's say our favorite one at the same time. The red or the white one? Three, two, one, red. Oh yeah! We're kind of like matching. It's like kind of mustard and ketchup. Okay guys, so we just got to the event. I just wanted to say that my parking skills have gotten better and I'm proud because I used to be so awful at parallel parking. But we're going to go into the event now. It looks so cute. I kind of saw some boblins and stuff when we drove up. Oh my gosh, it's hot. It is so hot. These Minnesota girls are not used to this heat. I feel like I'm a brito in my oven. This is literally how hot it gets in my oven. I would at least have like a horse listen. Oh my god, how many horses? You do! What the heck? Wow, it's so cute! Oh my goodness. Oh my gosh guys, they literally have little chairs and they have one with my name on it. This is Sydney Serena. Okay, I think I need to have a cute counter because in this vlog I've already said cute like 50 times. All right, so I just got back from the Zoffel event. April is actually at the pool right now, so I thought this would be the perfect time to show you guys some of the things that they gifted me. And I just thought it'd be kind of fun to do a little clothing haul. I feel like I should also quickly explain kind of like what the event was about because I never really like explained what the party was for. Basically the whole event was for Zoffel's fifth anniversary on June 17th. Basically if you don't know what Zoffel is, they are a clothing company. They're known as the one stop online shop for a lot of different looks because they have edgy stuff, daring stuff, more casual pieces. They have a ton of different variety. Their pieces are very affordable and they also have worldwide free shipping. See out, it's basically what Zoffel is. I think they have such cute pieces, so let me just like show you the clothes. The first thing that I got from them is this really pretty dress. Color is this. I don't even know. It's just like green turquoise, work voice. I don't like that word. It's a green turquoise dress with flower pattern on it. And it just fits super well because it ties in the back, so it's very flattering on. I also got these super cute black shorts. These are just distressed and I actually don't even have a pair of black shorts. Because the last pair that I had went missing and I have literally no idea where they are. I also got a very similar pair of shorts, but in white and again they're just distress. I also got this adorable adorable purse. This is I think my favorite thing that I got from today. And it is this camera bag. I just think this is the cutest thing ever and I cannot wait to wear this. I also got these super cute shorts from them and these are just a pair of basic jeans shorts. I don't know how to describe this style, but I've been seeing this everywhere. Where it stiches at the waist and kind of flares out a little bit at the bottom. I've been loving this style and I've been wanting a pair of shorts like these. This next piece I think is so cool. It's basically this black sheer top and has the sun and the moon and stars on it. It's actually pretty tight on. So I'm thinking of putting a black shawl under it. Just something to like, have coverage because it's so sheer. Oh, they also actually gave me this hoodie that I'm wearing right now. I didn't even tell you guys, but I pretty much live in hoodies. I wear them all the time. So I thought this one was so cool because it has the little pearls on it to spice it up a little bit and make it different. The next thing that I got from them is this super cute little hat. I think this is so cute. I... Okay, you're not just to wear it like this. Let me fix this quickly one moment. Okay, that's better. But yeah, I just really love this hat. It's thick. You can dress up any outfit and it's also just nice to have a hat if you have that here today because that happens to the best of us. So the last two things that I have to show you guys are actually swimsuits. The first suit is actually this two piece set. And it's basically these pair of red and white bottoms with this basic white top. But I really love how on the top there's like a little knot at the front. And then the last suit that I have is this Cheetah Prince suit. And it's just these top and bottoms that are both black and white Cheetah print. And I just think it's so adorable and super fun. But yeah, it's pretty much all for my little mini haul. I hope you guys enjoyed this like sporadic haul of the things I got. I just love sharing with you guys some things that I picked up because I think these are so cute. And I want to share. But yeah, I think right now if we're not actually going to go to dinner, she just texted me and she's going to be back in a few minutes. So I'll take you guys with me and I'll see you in a minute. Taste says it's dark. It doesn't dark like my soul. Oh my god, it tastes like barbecue. It's spicy. I had a lot. Did you see how much I took? I thought. I took the biggest scoop. I just want to check it. I don't know how long you're here. This water please. A sap rocky. I please don't put that in there. Bro, I had way too much also. Why did I do that? That was my biggest regret. Yeah, I got rice and beans that I'm planting. Have you had that before? No, this one's stuck. No, no. Fran, you just wish. Show us. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Mouts like a fire. I'm recovered. I'm recovering now. All right guys, we got our food. I got my rice beans and plantains. All right, we're going to get Starbucks now. We just finished dinner. I was going to get my hot chocolate, but guys, I think this is the first night this week. I'm not going to get hot chocolate because I ate so much food. I cannot even think about putting anything else in my body.