 So yeah, we're doing a self-caretale! Yeah, I am so excited because I am working with VSPink on this video. I'm actually wearing this outfit from then right now. Ow! This intro is so chaotic. I'll show you guys some other outfits though later in the video. First things first, we're doing a shot. A wellness shot. I hate these things so much. But you know, that's the beauty of it. That they're disgusting, but they're good for you. So this one on the shot has ginger, lemon, and pepper. Part of just being good to yourself is feeding yourself with good things, even if they taste gross. Oh gosh, I'm spilling it. Oh! Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. There's no way. This could not be normal. Like what just happened? My chest feels like it's on fire right now. I'm super flexed. Do not get this unless you are really just a daredevil. Okay. So that didn't work out the best. I think what I want to do is I want to cook and go to a cute little park. But before I go, but I wanted to first show you guys the outfits that pink sent me because they sent me so many cute pieces. I have worn their clothes for years. I honestly feel like all of these pieces you could wear on a self-care day because typically on self-care days, you don't want to be like dressed up. So the first thing that they sent me is this pair of gray sweats. I wore sweats all the time and I literally had the same three pairs for like too long. So these are super cute. They fit me very well. And they just say pink in the corner. They also sent me this super cute tie dye set. I was actually debating if I should have worn this in this video, but like... I don't know. I'm very indecisive. And it comes with the little joggers that are tie dye and the long sleeve top. I will show you what I'm wearing right now. I feel like you couldn't really tell earlier. So this is another set that I got. As you can see, it's just this is Zip Up jacket. That's blue and then the sweats. I'm like not coordinated. I came in balance. I wear everything off the shoulder as you guys know. So I did put on this little sports bra underneath, which is also from them. It's just like pink and it has this little mesh on the top. This sports bra actually is supposed to go with these leggings. I tried these on last night and they are so soft. I don't think I've ever had leggings that were so soft on the inside. I did also get another workout set from them. And this is actually pretty similar to the one that I just showed you, but it is in maroon. It just says pink on the bottom and again, it has that like mesh lining, which I think is so cute. And it's just like more breathable. These leggings was like, I'm not going to lie. They make your butt look really good. I love these. They are high-waisted. They also sent me this pair of black leggings. They also make you look really good. Honestly, all of these leggings really just shape your bottom. The last thing that I got from them is this super fuzzy jacket. It is so cozy. I'm seriously shocked how soft this is. It has the same material on the inside as the outside. So it's so comfortable on. I love pink. I love these items. So definitely the link to their site with everything here down below. Now it is time for me to cook myself food. We're really just putting my cooking skills to the tets because we're making boxed pasta. Like is this even considered cooking? Probably not. Feeding yourself healthy foods is so important as we talked about. I just spit out that. Well in the shot. No! Why does this always happen? Well this is a mess. Okay, that needs to cook a lot longer. Wow. I'm going to use some vegan butter to add some flavor. Oh. So this is my meal. I have my buttered dough pasta right here and then I also have some raspberries and then I didn't know what to put in here so it's just empty. There's this little cute park that I found actually pretty recently. It's pretty close to where I live and it's just so peaceful. It reminds me so much of home. So I thought I'd take my little lunch slash dinner. Kind of late and just eat in there because I like to go there and sometimes I'll journal or write down my goals and stuff like that. So I made it. I drove half an hour and right when I get here I'm about to get out of my car. It starts raining. Now I drove all the way here and I'm sitting in my car with my pasta and raspberries. So to fail, this is tragic. Just when I thought this couldn't get any worse. I accidentally brought a spoon instead of a fork. So you know what? I should really just turn this into a positive. It is like a cute cozy vibe. My pasta is good. It's a little cold but that's okay. It's kind of cute. Wait. Wait why is this kind of a vibe? I'm going outside as a perspective. This is so sad. I brought my V.S. pink jacket because I thought I was going to be outside which obviously didn't happen. But I saw what I put this on. This is such a cozy evening that we're starting. Okay. I'm going to listen to some music and just journal. I guess here since the park didn't work out, it's actually so cute. I can't hear you. Oh hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Okay. So I'm now back in my apartment. I was trying to figure out what I wanted to do. I thought it would be good to get in a little workout in my apartment. I always feel so much better after I work out. So I changed into a little set that I showed you guys earlier. I think it's so cute and it's also so comfortable. Love care is about taking care of your body too. I am doing my workout on the floor. No, I don't have a workout mat. I'm not that advanced. I did it. I'm going to get the shower. I'm going to try to do a cool transition. I think that actually is so fun. This one's for you. Okay. So I just got out of the shower. I didn't wash my hair because I literally just washed it this morning. This is the set that I showed you guys earlier from pink. This is what it looks like on. It's so cute and so cozy. This might seem kind of counterintuitive. You know, it kind of is. But I thought it'd be fun if I made cookies even though I just worked out. Everything is fine in moderation. I have my oven preheating and while it preheats, I really want to just clean my kitchen. On self-care days, I really like to clean. It just makes me feel so much better. Okay. So the cookies are done. I only made six because otherwise I literally all of them and get six. Wow. Try not to. For the longest time, I've been wanting to do this little sticky note mirror thing that I've seen. I've seen it on Pinterest a few times and basically what you do is you just write positive self-affirmations on sticky notes and then you just stick them on your mirror. It might seem kind of cheesy, but honestly, the more positive top that you give yourself, it really changes your subconscious thoughts about yourself. I thought I would stick them in my bathroom mirror since I'm always in here. Wow. This is cool. I think this mirror would actually be perfect for this. This is the aftermath of everything, but I want to show you guys what it looks like. I think this turned out so cute. I just love all the little quotes that I put on there. I chose some of my favorite positive ones. I love that. I have to do that if you end up doing that. Take me on Instagram because I want to see what your guys is end up looking like. Okay. So I just made some cookie dough. I really shouldn't have done that. I'm going to get sick. I thought it'd be fun to end off the night and my self-care day by doing a face mask. Oh, there's glitter. Literally. Oh my gosh. Glitter is going to get in my eye. Okay. Well, whatever. Face mask is on. Baby. That was a very... I'm going to wrap up the night by watching Live PD. Actually, I might watch Live PD and High School Musical and my laptop together. Okay. I don't see Live PD on tonight, but I do see air-fried food trends for 2019. I mean, I'm down. Okay, guys. So it's now a lot later. I'm going to wash this off. I am so... Why did I do that? Why did I do that? This is a peel off mask and I forgot and I tried to wash it off and it's like clumping together. I have an important meeting tomorrow and I'm going to show up with glitter fragments all over my face. Well, guys, I hope you enjoyed the video. I kind of gave up trying to get the glitter off my face. I am going to go to bed, but I want to wrap up the video. I really encourage you guys to go have a self-care day. Thanks so much for watching. I'm going to try to get some of this off again. I love you and I'll see you in my next video. Bye, guys.