 Good morning guys and welcome back. Today I wanted to do another little vlog. My new thing guys has been eyes rolling my face in the mornings. I put it in my fridge and it feels so good. Does this actually do anything? I don't think this does anything except it feels good. Sorry, do I seem tired right now? I honestly am really exhausted. I got no sleep last night. I have my list today of things that I want to do. I thought I could just like fill you guys in on my day before I get started. It's currently at 8.30. I'm getting ready to go to a little workout class this morning. I guess it's not really a class. I'm going to Soul Cycle. I love Soul Cycle. I haven't been there. I think since I lived in LA which was years ago. If I start my day off working out, I automatically feel 10 times better throughout the rest of the day. I feel like it's pretty split. People who like to work out in the morning versus working out at night. So yeah, that's actually kind of like a resolution of mine this year. It's to work out three times a week. Okay guys, I just got out of Soul Cycle. It was actually really fun. It was fun until the end. When I forgot my locker password, I couldn't get stuff out of my locker. It was kind of freaking out because I had like my person stuff in there. And I just knew that would happen. I almost didn't set a code for that reason because I feel like that was just bound to happen. My locker code was so embarrassing. I was like way too scared to actually tell her what my code was. But the lady unlocked it for me so it was fine. Anyways, I think I'm going to go get some coffee. So I'm back from Soul Cycle. It was so fun. I loved it. And I feel so good. Like I really am. I think this is actually my year guys. I know I say this all the time. But I think I'm going to be working out more. It like gives me way more energy during my day. Also, I think I'm going to be working out more. I think I'm going to be working out more. I think I'm going to be working out more. It like gives me way more energy during my day. Also, as you guys saw, I went and I got breakfast at that brandy cafe. And it was so good. They have the best avocado toast there. I still kind of confused why Brandy Melville has a cafe. If it doesn't really make sense to me, but I still like it. But yeah, I just showered and I'm getting ready. It's noon right now. I have to clean my apartment. A, because it's messy. Just look at it. I mean, it's definitely seen worse days. And also, because my friend Nia is coming to visit, I think we're going to go get coffee. I know I already got coffee. I don't really think that through. So yeah, I'm just going to try to get ready to clean out before she gets here. I'm going to go get coffee. Guys, I was cleaning my apartment and I look out my window and it's snowing. And I'm so happy. I actually screamed when I saw it. So I finished cleaning my apartment. It looks a lot better now. I also cleaned my bathroom, which I feel like needed it, especially my counter. But I do think later today I want to go through this. I'll have my makeup and skincare. But right now I'm running to Walgreens super quick. I need to pick up a prescription. And I'm trying to do it before Nia comes over. Hey guys, so I'm with Nia. In any case, you don't know who I am. I'm Sydney's friend. Also Gabe is here. That's my boyfriend, Gabe. Hi Gabe. Hi. He's making himself at home in the chair. I love this chair. I'm so Nia's visiting. She's seeing my apartment for the first time. It's so cute guys. I'm so proud of her. She's actually like you're an adult. Thanks. This is crazy. Living by herself in New York City. She's really living that like movie. Like I'm like the main character. Yeah, definitely you're definitely in her main character era. But we're going to go get coffee right now. Even though I already had a coffee today. But it's okay. I'm probably going to get a hot chocolate. Honestly, yeah. Let's cut the caffeine for 2024. No, bring it on. Ready? Okay guys, so we got hot chocolate. Are you done with your clothes? Yeah. It's also like very quiet here. We're just like chatting and updating each other. On to you. Major team. Major team. We had a lot to catch up on. Should we tell them? So f***. I had so much fun. I love Nia so much. She's like one of my best friends. You guys probably know. It kind of is hard sometimes. Living so far away from like a lot of my close friends that are in California. Because like I lived there for four years and a lot of my close friends are there. They're so sweet because they'll come visit or they'll stay with me. And we face time all the time. And I feel like good, true lifelong friendships are just so worth the distance. And I just love them. I don't know why I went on that rant. Anyways. I ended up ordering some groceries on Instacart because since I was gone for Christmas and stuff I just didn't have much. And the guy just dropped it off. I saw him through the people. It's kind of weird that I like watch. Like I could just go out. I think for some reason every time I'm standing like this. You know what this means? Grocery whole time. The reason I do Instacart is because grocery shopping here is a lot different. The nearest grocery store to me is like a 15 minute walk to carry like a lot of groceries. I just prefer to do Instacart. Why is this bag extremely large? Oh I kind of like this lens. The more I think about it. It's new. Can you guys tell? Do we like it? I hope so. First things first. I think I got four of these on Crestables. They were like an essential for me in college and they aren't essential for me even after college. They're just easy, good. Why am I explaining it? I also got a few of these microwave burrito bowls. Some microwave meals are gross but this one specifically is pretty good. I have it pretty often. I also got some frozen broccoli. I'm trying to eat more vegetables. I got some strawberries. I like to put this in my cereal in the morning. I got some popcorn. These are so good. I got bomb pops. I also got some carrots and hummus. And a Caesar salad kit. See yeah, it's nothing crazy but I do really want to organize my fridge right now. Oh my gosh. I like to have to show you guys. I basically have a million drinks in here and like no food. You may be wondering why do you have so many primes? Well, primes sent me some of their drinks which was actually very nice of them so thank you guys. I didn't know they knew who I was. So I'm going to kind of organize it and put away the groceries that I just got. Okay, my fridge looks so much better now. And it's one of the kind of quickly show you guys. It looks like I'm sponsored by prime. See I've all this prime which a lot of my friends like to drink when they come over. And then I have little sprites which I bought because I love drinking these especially at night. I put some veggies and salad stuff and fruit in there. And then up here I only have a few random things. The person who did my Instacart last time accidentally got me dairy milk. I never drink that. It's still pretty empty. I still definitely need some more stuff. See yeah, it looks a lot better. I filled my water filter. And I also did my freezer. Also very empty. Guys, I need to eat at home more. So the rest of the night I ended up working on organizing my bathroom. I decided it was time for me to just go through some of my skincare and my makeup stuff. And then I also practiced piano for a little bit because I had a lesson the next morning. And then I read a little bit and I did some emails on my laptop. You know, I would say this is a pretty typical Sunday in my life. We're a productive Sunday. When I don't really have to do work but I kind of want to just clean up, organize, and get ready for the week. But yeah, I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in my next vlog. Bye guys.