 Hi, so it's my video starting out a little different. I feel like this is a more personal angle. So as you already know by now, today I'm going to be doing a thrift flip. I have seen quite a few people do these videos and they've always looked super fun to me, but I thought I put a little bit of a different twist on it and do a visco girl themed thrift flip. I just love visco things. You guys know this by now, but I'm actually in front of Goodwill right now and I'm going to head in there. I'm going to pick out some pieces. If you guys don't know what thrift flipping is, essentially it's just where you buy an item from a thrift store and then you go home and then you embellish it or add things to it, DIY it as the kids say. Since this has like a visco video, I'll just give myself a self shout out. That's not a thing, self shout out. If you want to follow me on visco, I'll put a link to it down below. Also follow me on Instagram while you're at it. I'm going to head in there. I'm going to see what I can find. Hopefully they have some cool things. I'll see you guys in there. So it is now an hour and a half later. Thrifting is no joke. I cut this whole bag. I can't see this. I got this whole bag of stuff. Look how thick this is, like for real, like with 5C's. I got a ton of stuff. I actually found a lot of basic items, which is what I was looking for. I'll show you guys everything when I get home that I got. But right now I have to go get paint and an iron because I don't have an iron to iron the patches on. Alright guys, so I'm getting an iron because I don't have one because I always just use wrinkle spray for my clothes. I never like use an actual iron. But since I'm going to be putting hatches on the clothes, I obviously use an iron. I feel like I'm like a mom right now. I don't know. Like what is a good iron? Like guys, adulting is hard. So it is now the next day. I'm back at my apartment. Last night I pretty much just finished getting everything for the video. But I have everything I need now. I'm about to start the flip. I'm, oh that sounds like so intense. I mean this is not that intense, but I did actually order quite a few patches on Amazon for this video. So I'm going to find out the links and link those below in case you guys want to get the same patches I did. So essentially for the flip, I'm going to be doing three things. I'm going to be ironing on patches. I'm also going to be painting some of the items and cropping slash distressing them. So I have all my pieces laid out here. And what I've been doing is I'm kind of been playing around with different patches and figuring out what I want to use or like do with each item before I do it because once I ironed it on, then I really can't go back. Okay, so, ow, that like hurt my elbow. The first thing that I want to start out with is this oversized gray crannet that I got. This I actually found in the men's section, but honestly I find like the best stuff there. So I really don't know what I'm doing. I think I've ironed once in my life. If that. I thought it'd be cool for this crannet to use these silver stars that I found. I should just be able to iron them on. Gosh, I really like don't want to mess this up. You know what I mean? Okay, I'm nervous. Please work. I hope this works. Okay. Okay, so definitely didn't work. We're going to try this again, guys. We're not giving up just yet. Guys, it worked. I am so happy this is working. I have like 10 other patches that I still have to do. So I'm going to do those and kind of just scatter them on here. So I just finished ironing on all the stars. It actually didn't take as long as I thought it would. It took me like 15 minutes total. I'm going to try it on all the back in a second. So this is what it looks like in the mirror. I just threw on some leggings. I feel like you would never guess that I got this at Goodwill and Men's section. It was also like so easy. Like literally this took me five minutes and I think the patches were only around like $5. I feel like I totally transformed this. So I'm going to rate this a 10 out of 10. So moving on, I want to work on this crew neck now. It's honestly pretty much like the same thing as this. It's just that it's in red. I got these cool butterfly patches on Amazon. I think I'm just going to put them in the middle of the crew neck. I don't know what else to do with them. I think this looks good, right? This literally took me 60 seconds from now I'm getting. I'm going to change into this. Three, two, one. How cute is this you guys? I just can't believe it because it looks like something you buy at a store. The butterflies are so aesthetic. I love them. I haven't rate this one another 10 because it's just so cool. I honestly didn't believe in myself. Like I really didn't. But look at her now. Because I was just slaying a good month's reference. Alright moving on to the next item. This is a black long sleeve t-shirt that I got. Again also in the men's section. It's definitely not form-fitting at all. So I kind of like that. It's more like casual. I have these super cool sunflower patches that I got on Amazon. And I think it looks so cool laid out like this. So I should also mention I am washing everything before I'm going to wear it. So it's normal for your iron to smell like chemicals. It's stuck. That's not supposed to happen at all. This is so cute. I think it'd be super cool if I cropped this. Okay not gonna hide. But like cropped it. Okay so I just finished. Frinished. What? I actually really like how it turned out. I feel like sunflower's in general are just pretty visco aesthetic. When I link it below if you guys want to get them make sure to get two packs so that way you can get the right sizes. I really do like that I ended up cropping it because otherwise I just felt like it was too long. Now that I've done the iron on patch things I wanted to move on and start painting some things. So I got this pair of jean shorts I could will. I thought it'd be super cool if on the back I paint a little rainbow on one of the pockets. Maybe I'll do it on both of them. I really don't know. I need to see how it looks like as I start doing it. I'm gonna lay out a towel. So you know we don't spill on my white rug. That would be a disgrace. Okay so I have my rainbow pretty much done. Now I want to add some like little clouds below it. So that's why I did the half rainbow. I don't know if it's like I don't know if it's gonna look good. As you can see I added the little clouds at the bottom. I tried to mix like the white with the gray paint. I feel like it turned out pretty good. Definitely not perfect. But honestly I feel like that's what's cute about this. Is that it's not perfect because you can tell it's painted on. I'm gonna let these dry. So I'll try them on tomorrow morning. When I was at Goodwill I saw a pair of shoes and I actually have these exact same shoes. But I thought it'd be cool if I picked these up and I painted them somehow. I saw on Google that I think a deed of sells them where you can like buy them with paint slatters. I might try to do that on my own. Let's just see what happens. I really have nothing to lose because if anything if these are not bad I still have my other pair. I'm first gonna take out the laces. So I think it would be best if I take duct tape and kind of like tape each section so that way it's not just like a hodgepodge of rainbow colors. Okay oh my gosh I'm nervous. I hope this works. It's not working. One second I have another idea. It is now two hours later. I didn't think that was taking that long. I literally thought it'd maybe take like 20 minutes. But no I was wrong. Basically as you guys could have probably seen I was using that toothbrush. I basically like flicked the paint onto the shoe. I have my shoes on. I wonder if I guys the grand reveal. I'm making this so dramatic. It's not that deep. So this is what they ended up looking like. They are definitely like a statement. I think they're kind of crazy to be honest. But I think they're super cool and different. I haven't seen anyone wear anything like this. Then again I also don't know if they just look so dumb. I think they look cool. But comment below I guess if you guys think these are cool or if they look like I accidentally spilled paint all over my shoes. But that's gonna be all for today's video. So thank you guys for watching. It's almost 11 p.m. actually. I've been filming this all day long. I had a lot of fun with this video. I think I like DIYs and pretty cool stuff. I honestly really recommend for you guys to do this. I feel like this is such a fun way to spice things up in your closet. But I just think it's so much fun. So be creative and do these things. I need to go wash my hands and then go bed. But I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys. Bye.