 Good morning guys and welcome back. Oh no, I am going to be vlogging of course today. I saw some comments of people asking for a week in the life of vlog and I thought it sounded like a fun idea. So today is Monday and the main things that I have today are I'm going to go work out right now and then I think that there's an event that Ella asked me to go to after. I'm going to try to go to that and then I have kind of a lot of work to do so okay I need to change. We finished our work out. It was so hard. Now we have an event in the bed so we're going to go get ready. Yes. So I stopped at this smoothie place. I got this chocolate strawberry smoothie. I'm kind of going to rush because we have an event in like an hour. Okay so I got ready so I didn't vlog that. I was like really trying to get all my stuff done. I was meeting me there because we both had to go home and like shower and get ready really quick. I'm really excited. I'm going to be like this Leneja event with Sydney Swini. This is the in-write and I'm really excited. I threw a few curls on my hair too and then I'm wearing this dress from Scams. This long, maxi dress. I think it's as fast as I've ever gotten ready. It's like 30 minutes. I'm back in Ella. We're about to meet Sydney Swini's like right there. Like what? I'm kind of nervous. It's so pretty. So okay, we're going to have a good day. Hi my name is also Sydney. I'm like okay. I'm going to just go to the center. I'm going to be like, I've been so long. Sydney was so sweet. She was so down to Earth. If you guys follow me on Instagram or check out my talk you would have already seen these videos but I'm just so glad I got to be here. I have these events. I'm always on the food. It's so pretty. So I have a piano lesson this morning. I usually run late to these lessons because I snooze my alarm. This morning, just in the evening, I was like, Sydney, I wanna get up. I wanna leave a little bit early because I'm gonna get coffee on the way. I love my piano teacher because he's so fun. We have such a good time together. But the one thing that kind of stops is that it's pretty far for me. It's like a 40 minute train, which I know isn't that bad. But it's worth it. And I think it's important to have a teacher that you actually like. There's a whole point of this for me, like of doing piano the first place again, was just to have another hobby that I like. Anyways, I should probably leave. Okay, this is the best. It's gonna get today, I don't know. I'm on the mood. Okay, I need to go so I can get my coffee. That's like, I need it so badly. Okay, I just got my coffee and I got that Capri sandwich, because I realized I didn't eat breakfast. And it was honestly so bad. Like, the sandwich was so bad. I almost broke my tooth biting into it. like that bread was extremely hard. But I'm going to the train now because I'm my piano lesson and half an hour. So I hope I'm not late. I'm really trying not to be late. I'm so weird. Hey guys, I'm a piano teacher. What's up? My name is Cliff. I'm a classical pianist from the Bronx in New York. 36 years old. I've been playing classical piano for 21 years and been teaching for the past 15. And I'm here teaching Sydney. Yes. She's lit. She's amazing. Oh, thank you. Oh, thank you. We're learning the same piece. I'm working out for a while. Yeah, I'm going to vlog it. I never vlog any lessons. Let's start from beginning. All right. So the sum of mistakes happening here. Remember that the rhythm is. Oh, why? This here, the section here has a lot of pattern from B up to B. Oh, I should slow down. OK. OK. Yes. Yes. Indeed. Yada, yada. You're very good. OK. So I just got out of my piano lesson. And I'm going to stop it. Trader Joe's quicks. I need some groceries. So I got back from Trader Joe's. I'm going on. And I wanted to show you guys the lunch that I've been making recently. It's so good. I actually made it on TikTok. So many of you guys seemed interested in it. And it was so enticing to me because it's only five ingredients. But before I make it, I kind of want to show you guys a few of the things that I got. I got some granola because I've been having yogurt in the morning. I also have these crispy rice, peanut butter bites. I just had one. And they're OK. Honestly, the homemade ones are so much better, but they'll do. I got this new key, which is so good. You just heat it up on the skillet, and it comes with the tomato sauce. I got a couple of their salad kits. I also got steps to make tacos. At night, I really get a big sweet tooth. And every time that I get those chocolate chip cookies from Trader Joe's, I have no self-control. And I eat the entire bin. So I didn't want to get those this time. I just knew what was going to happen. So instead, I got these. These are the frozen bananas with chocolate on them. I'm going to try one. So good. Oh my god. I've been so good, I'm just hungry. One of my favorite snacks is hummus, carrots, and pita strips. I'm going to put everything away now. And then I'm going to make the lunch that I'm so excited to show you guys. MUSIC Basically, you take these. It's going to take a few. It's going to take a few. You take these chicken pot stickers. They're so good. And then I heat up some olive oil. I put a few in the pan. Whoa. At the same time that those are cooking, I put in some oil into a different pan. And then I add this mix of vegetables. It's so nice because the celery carrots and onions are already cut off. MUSIC OK, so the dumplings are cooked. I did burn them a little bit. And then I have my veggies in here. They're also done. So I basically just combine them. I'm just adding the chicken pot stickers into the veggies. And then I'm going to add in some chicken broth. And then I'm just adding some of this. This is Trejo's Soyaki Sauce. MUSIC Then I'm adding in this. This is their crunchy chili onion. And that's literally it. It takes me five, 10 minutes to make. And it's so good. I'm so excited to eat this. I even got my mom just start making it. And she loves it. So that's when you know, when your own mom approves, that's like, that's all I need, really. So it's now 10.30 pm. I, what did I do the rest of the day? I didn't do anything bad about it. I'm mostly just boring work stuff on my computer. I just finished my sleepy normal cocktail. I've been having this every night since my last video I made my night routine. Is this bad that I drink this every night? I don't know. Also, if you guys watched that last vlog, I asked you guys to help me with the playlist. And so many of you guys added songs to the Spotify playlist I made. So thank you. You guys are so sweet. Like it makes me so happy. 533 of you guys. Look how many songs there are that I have to listen to. I'm so excited. Like this is actually so helpful. I'm gonna go to bed. So I'll see you guys in the morning. Good morning guys. Happy ones today. I'm making my breakfast right now. This is my yogurt parfait breakfast. You guys know I go on waves with things and like right now it's this. But I'm gonna get ready after this. And I'm gonna go to the brandy Melville cafe to do some work. That's my favorite cafe right now to go to because they have so many outlets in there. And they also have a bathroom. I feel like normally you wouldn't think about that. And New York at least there's just no bathrooms in any of these coffee shops. I have some emails and like work stuff that you need to get today. So I'm probably gonna be honestly at this cafe for a very long time. Wow, it does not look very good in this light. Look at the Republican up here. There once was a black market. It was ice cream EV and they made it. I'm actually gonna try to put them in the light right now. That would be so good. I don't like it. I just I love the sun. Anyway, I'm back home now. I'm probably gonna heat up some lunch really quick But I just got a package. I ordered some heels from Dulce Vida. So excited. I needed a nice comfortable pair of heels Whoa, I got these white heels. I hope they're comfortable. Oh my god. Let's see. Oh Okay, okay guys. They're pretty uncomfortable. That's all I really need so I got a random burst of energy So I decided to come down to my gym and go on the treadmill for a little bit of match I just like I listened to a playlist that you guys were adding stuff to and so many of you guys added such good songs So thank you guys that made my workout a lot better. I'm so out of breath. I'm gonna go shower Good morning guys and happy Thursday It's actually not the morning anymore It's noon. I just finished getting ready for the day. I put some curls in my hair Did my makeup? I don't always get like this ready But I started doing my makeup and then I put out a cute outfit and then I put on my jewelry and then I was like I just let me just do the full thing then I'm just wearing this top from Eritzia my jeans from Abercrombie and my Saunvas from Adidas today. I'm working from home again. I have some more Computer or boring things to do so me and one of my friends Liz are gonna me at this hotel We're gonna do work together It's a nice way to get out of the house, especially if you work from home And if you were the friend it just makes it so much better So we like to do this at least walks a week sometimes twice I think I'm gonna take the train because I don't want to walk that's it I I'm here with my friend Liz We are working at this hotel We actually went here for drinks like a couple weeks ago and it's so pretty in here No one's in here Like friends are like you're up for something. It's just so cozy Guys do you think she looks like Alexis ran So nice like that. It's like the nicest compliment you do. It's like I'm like Delisually thinking that anyway, anyways, we're working for a bit I got coffee that was so good light hack work with your friends if you work from home It's so much more fun also when I'm right work with a friend though. I just don't do work I just talk the whole time. We're just like gossiping Good morning guys. Happy Friday. This morning. I decided to wake up and cut my hair It was actually very anticlimactic. I don't know if you guys can tell it's like barely shorter Like I quite literally used to be scissors and trimmed my own hair I hope that this isn't too repetitive. I'm really sorry I feel like the past three days I've been doing the exact same thing Which is just like working on my computer. So again today I'm gonna go back to the brandy cafe again It feels like Criminal I want to spend some of my day working there and then later tonight I'm going to this speak easy with one of my girlfriends. I'm gonna go to Brandy now. It's the sunny day So let's go Okay, guys flash forward about Three actually public five hours later. I was working for a while and then I came home and I ate But now I just got ready I put all my little boots in my hair because I'm gonna go meet one of my friends for a little drink I'm really excited because I'm going to a speak easy with her that I've never been to and species in New York are so much fun to go to It's in my new like favorite thing to do here when I go out So yeah, we're gonna go. It's kind of really six six forty five for a reservation and Wow, that's an eight minutes. So I should leave right now I need to show you guys how I do my hair because ever since I started using the Dyson it's so Nice and I got a way to figure out to make it stay You