 We made it to New York. We made it to New York guys. It's actually so funny because if you watched my New York vlog last year, I was in this hotel pretty much exactly a year ago and with my mom, oh geez, she hates me on camera. So we landed basically an hour ago. It's currently Saturday. And I'm here for the next four days. Oh no, you know when things start popping in your head that you remember, that you forgot to pack. Excitedly right now, I'm remembering that I didn't pack makeup remover or face wash or shampoo. Wow, I didn't do good. I actually slept kind of on the plane. I was so, so tired. I don't know how I've been able to sleep on planes recently. It's my new talent because I used to never be able to do that. Today we're going to start out going to Soho. Also, is this type of critical that I'm wearing this? I was in Canada last weekend. People are probably going to think I'm from Canada. I think it's almost funnier that... Is this Canada? Yeah. Okay, we're about to how. I'm just wearing some jean shorts. I have on some jewelry. And then the saddest part of this whole outfit is the shoes because I forgot to bring my no-show socks. So I had to roll up my black ones. Oh, I'm also wearing this purse that I thrifted. That's all. First outfit today, we decided to get smoothies. One of the best things about New York is that everything's walkable. Like, this place was two minutes from our hotel. I got like the almonds for me. I also feel like everyone probably thinks I'm from Canada. Like... I think I've raped this and ate it. Oh my, it's a London. I want to love it. I'm listening to Canada use my phone. Oh, how? I don't know. Oh god. That was hard. Oh my god. They have a Glossier store. Okay, we're trying lip shades. Lip shades. They have a Glossier store here, which I don't know if it's like new or they're having a pop-up. But I've only been to the Glossier store once in LA and this is like one of my favorite brands. Hi, thank you so much. Hey, I just got some stuff from Glossier. I'll show you guys what I got later. Next stop is a Ritzia because I went here last year and it's like a two-story Ritzia and I love Ritzia. So. Whoa, it's so loud in here. This is the most skinniest elevator ever. I like these. Guys, they have a free cafe or like a cafe where you can get free drinks. I wasn't sure if it was just something that was on TikTok that wasn't real, but they're actually free. Oh, sure good. I just finished my drink, but I just don't think you guys understand how cool I think the free drink thing is. Like I've never been to this clothing store where they have their own cafe and give you up to the right drink. I specifically went in here to find pajamas because I didn't TikTok. I saw this trend where brand new has the cutest pajamas sets and I got them. So we did good. I f***ed up guys. I took us on the subway and I think I picked the wrong one. They were like, last stop, last stop and it was not our stop. Where are we? Oh my god, I f***ed up. I really f***ed up. This is like some place in my dreams I would see. Like a endless hallway. Two hours later, we made it sit in our room. I put us on the wrong subway. We just found this place. It's this Italian place. It looks very good. We got Rigatoni with Ricotta and it looks amazing. Very good. Thank you. I don't know if I'm just that hungry, but this is like the best pasta I've ever had. So I'm back home. What am I at home? What about a hotel you know what I mean? I did buy a lot of things today. I feel like one way I can justify doing these things is doing a haul for you guys. I went to Granny Melville. Even though you would think that they would have like the pajama sets right next to each other, you have to like go to different ends of the stores to find things that go together. So it took us like 20, 30 minutes just to even find the set. The top is more of like a bra. It has little flower detailing on it. Very dainty. And then the bottoms are like these boxer shorts. You guys saw I went to Glossier. I've already used this. This is their balm.com. The ever so famous one. And I got the Rose scent. It just has like this sheer red rose color. I love this. Like I've been applying this every two minutes just because it feels so good. This was kind of more of a necessity. I really wasn't in need of a face wash because I forgot to bring one. So I just got the mini size of their Milky Jelly Cleanser. Last but not least, obviously I went to Ritsia. I'm still not over the free drinks. Like I want to go back. Recently I realized that I wear a lot of the same bottoms which really isn't a problem. I feel like I can make more outfits and put more outfits together if I had a pair of white basic pants. So I bought these. So this is a pair of white cargo pants. They just have the perfect fit. They also have drawstrings on them which makes it really nice and adjustable. But the last thing that I got is this brown. Actually I think it sucks too. Wait, I'm wearing them right now. This dress though, you guys. The fit of it is so flattering. It fits you and hugs you in the right places. It's so flattering. I'm going to insert some pictures I took at the dressing room. Those are the things that I got today in my New York shopping haul. We're going to go to bed. See you in the morning. Good morning New York. Okay. Good morning. You guys. It's now. One day. So this morning we slept in a little bit. Mostly because I didn't get up. I really look way off of today. I'm wearing this lace top that I got from Bella Venice on Instagram. I love them. I'm wearing my thrifted purse. Low rise jeans. My mom specifically asked for two things. Three bagels. It's an insect-loat car. Oh yes. Those are the three things that she wanted while we were here. We're getting bagels and then we're going Central Park. I also got a coffee this morning at the hotel. Whoa. See, I should watch where I'm going. Okay guys, we got our bagels. New York bagels. This is actually not my first generic bagel. Okay, I'm just going to clear the air since everyone's wondering. It is my mom's though. She's the perfect little breakfast. This is my ideal breakfast. Okay guys, we made it to Central Park. This is my mom's most requested place to go. We decided to get little popsicles but we ate them very fast because they were melting. We found this little grass patch and it's so pretty. It's just like the photos. We expected a lot more people to be honest. There's not too many. Okay, I'm looking for new room decor and I saw this little stand. I think these are so cute. We kind of put these together. Do you like this mom? Yes, that's great. Love it. We just got to Central Park. We are down this subway, which I'm getting better. It still has been a struggle for me but I'm also very drumptuly challenged. One of my favorite brands has a pop up in New York so we're going to go there and I'm so excited. She hates me going camera. I would show her more. Sorry. Oh my audio. Oh, but she's like a non-amant. It's like those boyfriends that you like never fully launched. Like you soft launch them. I've never seen their face. So we're now at dinner. We're in this place called Happy Swag. It's very pretty. Let me show you guys. So I got a Kimoa salad. It looks so good. My mom got this. Wow, that's pretty. I feel like this whole vlog is just me walking and being on the subway. Our last destination of the day is Levan Cookies. I don't know if I'm saying right. I've heard about Levan for so long. They're supposed to have the best cookies. And I've always wanted to try them. So I showed my mom what they looked like and she was like, yes, I also need to try this immediately. So that's where we're going to go. I hope that they're worth the hype because I have very high expectations. I'm so excited to try this. The theme is Levan. What is this caramel coconut? Caramel coconut chocolate chip. And then I got the double chocolate chip. That's good. It's so good. It looks like mine. I like my cookies kind of doughy versus overdone. So this is perfect for Levan.