 Hey guys, what's up? It's Sid and welcome back to my channel. I am super super excited for today because I'm doing a little chill car Q&A. Ooh, that was good. I just can't put that. I'm in a park right now. I'm at a park. There's definitely like some sketchy question of a activity occurring around me. But I know most of you who watch me know this, but if you don't know, I'm a junior at Chapman University. When I was about to go to college, I watched a ton of college Q&A's and videos just to kind of like prepare me mentally. And I think they're just really fun and good insight. I basically went on my Instagram story and I asked you guys to ask me any questions you have related to college. And I'm going to answer them. Do we like the glasses? I feel like we definitely don't. Ooh, yeah, definitely not, sorry. How to choose a good college option for you. I would say it definitely just depends on your preferences. Like for me, I know I didn't want to go to a big state school like USC or UCLA. So I looked at smaller private schools and that's why I ended up at Chapman. I think like a lot of it is just the vibes you get when you tour it. Because like Chapman wasn't even a top school for me honestly when I initially went into choosing. But once I toured it, I knew I wanted to come here. Is college like what you see in the movies? From my experience, not really. Again, I think if I went to like a big state school, it would maybe seem more like the movies. How to be more yourself. I say surround yourself with people who just make you happy and bring out the best in you. And naturally you're just going to be more confident because you're surrounding yourself with people who support you and like really good friends. It's also just not worth it to fake a personality just to get people to like you. Because then you, your friends are going to be fake. Like they're not going to like like you for you. Is it a similar vibe to high school? Thankfully for my experience, no. I have talked about this before a long time ago but I really really didn't like high school. It just felt very um god, what's the word? Annoying. In my experience, high school was a lot of drama and really just unenjoyable to me because of like a whole popularity thing and just clicks. But college, there's just so many more students and people just don't really care as much about that stuff. At least from like what I've experienced. There is a big big difference. Also just having the ability to like make your own schedule. You're a lot more independent. Personally, I just love my independence. I love doing what I want when I want. College definitely gives you that. What would you say the dating life is like in college? Obviously there's a big big hook up culture in college. I feel like I made it seem like it's the only thing that exists. There's definitely a good variety. Some people are relationships that I know. There's definitely a variety of different types of people. Dating is fun. I think it's really a great time to like get to know people and figure out what you like, what you're looking for, if you are looking for anything. You are basically at the same stage in life with all of your peers and it can be really fun. But I think it's also important to remember as much as it is fun. That it's not the only part of college. Just remember that there's more to college than like having a boyfriend or being in a relationship is making friends easy. I think it's easy if you aren't involved in things at the school. It was really difficult for me when we were on Zoom to make friends because obviously classes weren't in person. But I'm a pretty social person. So in class, I like go up to people to try to talk to them and make friends that way. Also, I am actually rushing sorority in like two days, which I haven't said yet. So I guess we'll talk about that now. I think you need to kind of put yourself out there to meet people, but it shouldn't be hard. Like once you do that and put in that like a little bit of effort, any item that a person might not realize is very essential for you need. If you're in a dorm, I would absolutely recommend bringing a mattress pad. Those beds were so bad. Like I'm not even going to like lie to you. They sucked. So having a good mattress topper is essential if you want to like not sleep on a rock. Anyways, what is your major? My major is actually strategic and corporate communication. I used to be a business major and then I switched. And then my minor is law. I think of colors all about studying what you genuinely are passionate about. That's definitely advice I would give to someone in school is when you're at university, study things that you really, really enjoy because it's going to set you up for a future of things that you are passionate about. How often do you go to parties? I definitely want to parties a lot this past semester. I feel like I was out a lot. Not even parties with more like kickbacks with friends. I would say maybe like once or twice a week, I'll go out to like the bar or a kickback or something. How do you manage your time? This is something that I am really trying to like improve this year. I do also like keep in mind like if I go out twice one week maybe the next week I'll only go out once just so I can get some more work done. But then if I get all my work done one week and I want to go out more, I'll do that. Something I learned from a book I actually read is all about having routine and that I would say has helped me the most. I don't know if that helped but I think having routines and like sticking to a bedtime every night and waking up at the same time is really helpful even though it's obviously hard. How do you manage stress? I think I get my most stressed when I'm procrastinating something. The only way really for me to alleviate that stress is to actually do what I'm not doing. Otherwise if I'm just really overwhelmed in general, something I really like to do is just drive in my car and listen to music. It just like gets my mind off of like whatever I'm stressed about. Is it hard to keep up with the notes in lectures? I think it would be so much harder if I wrote my notes by hand which I don't. I have my laptop in there and basically so do most of other kids. So I would totally recommend if you can to get a laptop or something. And that way when I study for tests I can just command F my notes and find certain things that I need to look over. And it just makes my life so much easier. How do you find your major and do you plan to do a master's degree? So many people change their majors and so did I. I really think it's one of those things. You kind of just have to try things and try different classes to figure out what you like. And it's totally okay to not know what you're even interested in at first. I remember like a couple of years ago I was like I don't even know what I want to study. I have no idea. But I think it's just something that you have to go through. Like you have to take different classes to know what you like and what you don't like. What are you going to do if you're homesick? For me obviously I still do get homesick but I did move out when I was 18 and I kind of went through that phase when I was younger. So I don't get as homesick as much anymore but I do think Facetime is such an amazing thing. All the time I just think about like what if it didn't exist because I use it all the time to talk to my mom and my dad and my brothers. Do you go to college every day like Monday through Friday or do you just go there every few days? Like Monday, Wednesday, Friday. I need to tell you guys some important information. I originally wanted to just have class like Monday, Wednesday, Friday or like Tuesday, Thursday. So that way I could have my other days free. But I realized that I care more about my professors and how good they are versus what days I have to go to school. So I'm sure a lot of you have heard of it. Write my professor or the website. The best site ever. If you haven't heard of it you need to use it. You can search any professor on there. People will literally just review them and say what they're like from their experience. And I find it to be so accurate like anytime I take a class and like that is exactly what the reviews were. Essentially what I'm trying to say is I would rather have a schedule that I don't really like with professors that I find to be better and explain things better and that I don't have many issues with. Oh but answer your question. Yeah I have class Monday through Friday. Are there any school dances? So it's definitely different than high school and that there's like no problem. There's no homecoming. I find that there's a lot of dances and stuff through Greek life. So for example some of my friends and sororities and fratts have had like little dances or little trips or something that you can bring a date to and you go with them. And then you're basically their date to a dance or an event or something. So if you have friends in Greek life I think it's kind of easier to be like invited as like their date. That's also why I'm rushing so that way I can like invite people. What are some cheap and healthy dinners that you like to make during school? Oh my god I literally just do frozen meals from Lane Quizzey. Like it's bad you guys. How to survive professors who can't teach? Definitely try to make friends with people in your class because then you can like help each other study. You can help each other just like understand things and work together. How do you motivate yourself to study? I honestly usually don't have motivation to study. I don't wait for myself to find motivation. I just do it without motivation. And then I get motivated to finish it while I'm studying. And I think that goes for a lot of things in life. Like you can't wait for yourself to be ready and motivated. You just kind of have to do it. Well you guys that is my little college Q&A. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope it was fun. I hope you took something away from it. Let me know what other kinds of videos you guys want to see. I'm really really excited to film this next semester for you guys. I love you guys so so much and I hope you have an amazing rest of your day and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.