 Alright, let's try this again. Hi everyone. What's up? Funny story. I actually filmed this Q&A last night, exactly 24 hours ago. I went to edit it and I was surprised because you couldn't really hear what I was saying. Basically, I went to Best Buy and a very kind employee assisted me in purchasing a brand new camera. Basically today, I'm going to be doing a really fun Q&A and I'm going to be doing like a juicy Q&A though. I'm going to be answering questions that, you know, I may have avoided in the past. I asked for you guys in my Instagram story to ask me any and all questions you had and you guys asked me some pretty interesting questions. My new addiction is no longer how chocolate. I have since changed to be addicted to chocolate alomamilk. This is what I will be drinking in this video. Grab a drink and grab a snack and let's chat. I feel like I should just start out with the most asked question. Do you have a boyfriend? Basically, no, I did not have a boyfriend. I'm single. Yeah, I'm single. That's it. I'm single. Okay, I decided to change that. The show was making me uncomfortable. I feel like there's this whole stigma around needing to be in a relationship to be happy. And that is the total opposite mentality you should have. I mean, of course, it's great to be in a relationship and have a good, fun, healthy relationship. But I think in order to be in a successful relationship, you have to be 100% happy and content alone. And I think right now that's something that I'm working on is bettering myself. So that way, when the right person does come along, I will be 100% ready. I also just think you shouldn't try to rush things or settle. I don't think there's anything wrong with having standards. And I don't mean the sin of arrogant way whatsoever. I know that God was with the right person in my life when it's time. And I just know that right now it's not the right time. Going along with this whole theme, I hope you guys questions our above voice. What do you look for in a guy? I would really love someone who's hard working, very driven and intelligent and just passionate about what they do for work or school. And to someone who's funny because, I don't know, I like when people make me laugh. How did you decide to move to LA so spontaneously? How do you deal being away from your family? So I moved to LA, you're in a half ago now almost. It wasn't as spontaneous as it probably seemed online. I had actually planned it for months, almost a year prior, that I was going to do that. It was something that I never thought I would do. I just felt like there was an outing for me there in terms of opportunity and friendship wise because I wasn't going to really be able to meet more people. So I decided to move to LA and just focus on my work and also just meet new people who also do what I do. It's a crazy thinking about it. Like how I just picked up my life at 18 and moved across the country. As for your second question, do I miss my family? Yes, I do a lot. That's like my one wish is I wish that I was closer with them. Distance wise, have you ever bathed? No, I've never bathed in my life. I don't judge people who do it. It can just do so much harm to your body. It's not worth it to me to look cool. I try to take care of my body. I try to eat healthy. I try to work out. Well, that's a weak spot. But I try to take care of myself. So it's like why would I vape and ruin my body? Don't feel like you've got to do it to be cool. What's your dream future? Kids, marriage, job, house, country, etc. For a while, I wanted like eight kids. But that's too much for me. I feel like I would love to have four kids. In terms of where I would live, I feel like I'll either be in California or Minnesota. I don't see where else I would end up. I do my parts of Minnesota for sure. So I could see myself there. In terms of house, I don't really know yet. And in terms of my job, I don't know. I would love to do something in marketing and work with like a team of people. Is there much of a difference between who you are on camera and off camera? I don't know. I'm trying to think. When I meet someone for the first time, I've been told I come off a little bit more shy than I am on camera. Obviously, I feel like everyone is when you first meet someone. I feel like I'm honestly really similar. Yeah, I don't know. I feel like I'm the same person, to be honest. How does it make you feel when you see people's fan pages of you? I don't even know how to describe it, to be honest. I had a fan page for Bethany Mauda when I was younger. It's just crazy to me that people do that for me. I really don't know what I did to deserve you guys. You guys are so sweet. To anyone that does have a fan page for me. Thank you so much for supporting me. It means the world. I just feel like it's a fun community. And we all talk to each other. How do you handle the hate? I love you so much. You're so pretty too. Oh, thank you. It's never fun, obviously, to see something negative about yourself. I think for me, it just helps to almost have empathy for the person who's writing the comment. Because clearly that person is not in a good state of mind. It's definitely something I'm working on, though. And I can't lie and say that doesn't affect me at all. Because any human who sees something like that is going to be affected to some degree. But it's just about how you deal with it and moving on. Not letting it rip you apart. Also, it really just helps knowing how sweet you guys are. And I hope the nice stuff that you leave me. Seeing that, honestly, just overpowers the rest of it. I just focus on the nice stuff. Because you guys are so nice. And I love you. Biggest turn off. People who are very entitled. I just don't get why people think they're better than other people. It's like, you're not. Everyone's the same. Let's not compare. What is your religion? I'm Christian. If you didn't know, I've been raised Christian my whole life. And it's something that is so important to me. And definitely is a big part of the person I am. How tall are you? Some say five, too, but I like to say five, three. What is it like living alone at 19? I really have learned to love living alone. I just love coming home after a long day. And just having a long time, I really value it. But I will say it does get lonely, for sure at times. So I think I'm always playing music or I always have the TV on. Just to kind of keep me company. It sounds so lonely. What is your biggest insecurity? At the moment, my biggest insecurity, I have two. I do have double vision. So I was diagnosed with divergence and sufficiency. About four years ago when I was in high school, my eye muscles are really weak. So they go in a lot. It most commonly happens when I look at something close to me. And then I look up at a distance. It was super bad four years ago. So they did a surgery on my eye. I was actually doing really good for a while. It was such a good surgery. It helped me so much. But unfortunately, it is coming back. So there was a small chance that it could come back after surgery. But they didn't expect even if it came back. That it would come back as fast as it did. It's not too bad yet. You know, I'm doing exercises. So hopefully that will help. Basically, the whole reason I'm talking about this is sometimes my eyes cross on camera. Usually I cut it out. When I see my eyes cross, it just looks weird to me. It's even a weird thing for me to talk about. Like I feel weird talking about it. But when I look up to talk to someone and my eyes cross a little bit, it's just embarrassing. It looks a little weird and seeing myself on camera sometimes when I look up in my eyes cross or when I go to talk to someone in my eyes cross. I just get insecure because I know it looks different. Another insecurity that I have, that's not at all a physical insecurity, is just second-guessing myself. I feel like I'm always questioning my ability and just my confidence in making decisions. I overthink things way too much. That is a very big weakness of mine. So I think just making a decision and realizing that, hey, you know what? If it's the wrong one, that's okay. I try my best to make the right decision. What's your middle name? Do you like it? And if not, would you change it to something? My middle name is actually Serena. A lot of people think it's my last name. My last name is Peruvsky. So my full name is Sydney Serena Peruvsky. I love my middle name. I actually think it flows very well with my first name. What are your tips on being confident? I've been struggling a lot recently. Yeah, like I was just saying, I do struggle with that. I think every person struggles with that at some point in their life. Don't try to be someone you're not, embrace who you are. In terms of more specific tips, telling yourself positive affirmations every day, even just when you wake up, telling yourself, I'm capable, I'm strong, I'm beautiful. It might sound so cheesy, but saying those things to yourself over time is actually effective. Do you regret moving to LA? 100% yes, I'm just kidding. I actually think it was the best decision. It has definitely given me such a whole new outlook on life. Growing up in the same town I'm in a soda my whole life, it can be somewhat sheltering. Just not having experienced life in another state or in other place. I've also definitely experienced the industry, just the whole social media entertainment industry, and just the positives and negatives to the industry, and I'll let itself. I've learned what it's like to be independent, 100% independent. I've learned how to be an adult very quickly, because I do pay for everything on my own. My parents don't pay for my apartment or my car or anything, so I've learned the whole adulting thing with paying bills, paying rent, all those sorts of things, taxes. Tips on talking to my crush. I don't know, I'm honestly just an advocate for going for it. I'm just the person that if I don't say something, I'll feel like I'll regret it later, so I would just say something, even if you just text them, hey, or how are you? I think it's very admirable for someone to make the first move, I guess. Those are gonna be all the questions that I answered today. I hope you guys liked this video. This was so much fun to film, and it's very interesting. I just really love talking with you guys. I'm gonna go to bed, it's almost midnight, I'm tired. So I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.