 So hey everyone, I wanted to switch to my intro so you know I'm doing it on my bed. As you may or may not know Valentine's Day is approaching quicker than you may realize. Valentine's Day you know can be a great day if you are in a relationship. There's this whole stigma that when you're single on Valentine's Day it's a bad day because you don't have anyone to spend it with. I am single if you didn't know. So I was like you know what let me do something fun for Valentine's Day. Let me you know have fun by myself because you don't have to be in a relationship to have fun. I am posting this before Valentine's Day so I'm celebrating my Valentine's Day a bit early. So yeah I'm gonna video it. I really don't know what's gonna happen. You know what I think we need to start out with the most important thing. I don't need a boy to give me flowers and I don't need a boy to give me chocolate. Let's go to Target. So initially walking into Target I was very disappointed because all of the Valentine's Day stuff was sold out. But anyways I did actually find a few things. Got some candies, got some chocolate and then I started laughing at myself because I just thought it was so weird that I was even doing this in the first place. Okay so I just got back. It felt very weird to be buying chocolates for myself. I was just doing a little mini haul. These purchases really have no explanations. I just saw them and since no one's gonna buy them for me I thought I should buy them for myself. First thing I got are these little sugar candy hearts. Honestly I don't know why I bought these because I don't even really like these that much. They're just like pure sugar and I feel like they're gonna break my teeth. I felt like it wouldn't be a true Valentine's Day if I didn't eat these. Oh my gosh this just reminds me of elementary school when the kids would pass around. Little Valentine's for each other. So what it looks like. Like you don't know. I swear I just wrote my tooth. No I didn't. This is why I don't eat these. They're so bad for your teeth. My dentist watched my video so sorry. This is a one time occurrence. I also gifted myself this heart chocolate thing. I got myself chocolate because why the heck not? I'll try this one for fun. I think I was covering it in it. It's pretty good. Now I'm gonna say about it. It looks aesthetically pleasing. I'll snap on this some more later. Okay also I got this and it was honestly a very impulsive purchase. I kind of regret it. I mean not really but I just don't know why I did this. I don't know. It just looked really cute and I saw it on the Target rack. I just couldn't resist. Like how cute is he? Hershey. I'll name him Frank. Frank. Frank. Frank. Frank. Frank. Frank. Frank. Frank. Frank. Honestly what am I even doing at this point? I don't I don't know. I decided to get myself a rose. I will admit you know it was kind of awkward because the employee was asking me if I wanted to get a card for the person that was purchasing it for and telling me all of the stuff to tell the person it was for on how to take care of it. But little she know it's for me. So yeah this is the rose. It's very beautiful. I appreciate it. And it makes me happy looking at it. So it's really Valentine's Day vibes right now in my apartment. Why am I eating this again? Since I'm kind of like treating myself this whole day, I decided that I would go get my nails done. Because my nails are ratchet. I need to paint them. I'm back in my apartment. I got my nails done. I decided to go with pink because it's Valentine's Day you know. I had no other option. We're gonna set this little guy in the background just for fun. I decided a good next step for me to sell my Valentine's Day would be to make myself dinner. On Valentine's Day everyone goes out on dates. They get dinner. I mean most I feel like most couples do. Basically I was like how about I just make myself my own dinner and I have a date with myself. That sounds kind of weird but I'm pretty eating my own first because we're gonna be making pizza. When I was at Target I got some pizza crust. I also got some pizza sauce. Here's the thing. I don't usually like pizza. I know I'm gonna get like so much hate for that. Because I don't really like cheese. I know I'm gonna get hate for that too. I don't know I just don't really like the texture cheese so I never really eat it but I thought that they had this dairy free cheese and I was like you know what let me just try it out. I have nothing to lose. If it's gross I have no one to disappoint. Except for me. I thought about like getting dough that wasn't pre-cooked but I just thought it was too much work. So here we are. Whoa that was too much. I'm very curious about this cheese. I should try some now. The flavor is a little weird. I'm not gonna lie. It kind of tastes like... I don't want to say it you know what? I'm just gonna be positive. Hopefully when it cooks it will taste better. Because it tastes a little off right now. Let's not judge a book by its cover. Time to pop this sucker in the oven. That was aggressive. Okay the pizza is completed. I feel like the cheese isn't like fully cooked. For the most part it will do. While the pizza is cooling off I really just want to boven beyond. I wanted to make this dinner different from the rest. Usually for dinner I just sit on my island. Let me just proposes by saying this was a very impulsive purchase. I got a place mat that's Valentine's Day themed or a table table walk. That's the right term. The effort I'm putting in right now is pretty impressive. Just when you thought it couldn't get any better. I got... Do you like candles? Wow this is so cute. You know what it looks like? It looks like I'm having a date with the camera. This is kind of like a fun dinner with you guys. Because you're the one across the table from me. And we're going to eat and talk. I'm going to try this pizza out. Hopefully it's good. And honestly it kind of smells weird but you know let's just see. Also I don't have a pizza cutter so this will just have to do. It's actually not bad. It tastes like normal pizza but the cheese is like not bad. It's better than I thought. Now that we're all here gathered. Let's talk. What should we talk about? I don't know what to talk about. When you don't have a pizza cutter you just... Let's do a little speed round questions because I feel like we're on a date right now. Kind of. It feels like it. Let's just get to know each other a little bit. So my name is Sydney. My age is 19. My favorite food is... Hard one but I'm not to say burritos. My least favorite food probably beats. One of my favorite activities is long walks on the beach. And I also enjoy playing piano. What about you? I feel like none of you actually saw anything I'm allowed. So that's kind of awkward. You know what? I wouldn't either. I would just start the screen and laugh because that was stupid. I'm like so tired. Like this is kind of a fail. I was gonna like really just party it up tonight by myself but I'm just so tired. Like this this might be the end for me right now. I don't know how long this video is gonna be. It might be long, it might be short. I hope you enjoyed. You know I'm a little not myself at the moment. I feel like I'm a little loopy. I'm very tired. But I hope you enjoyed the video. I hope it was fun. Also I'm uploading this. I'm like a random day of the week. I usually post on Sundays. So this was like a very random video. It's good to like treat yourself and just do fun things for yourself because at the end of the day all you have is you. So you gotta love yourself. You know? You gotta treat yourself. Do little things for yourself and reward yourself. Whether you're single or in a relationship. Hope you have a great Valentine's Day. Either way, I will be your Valentine. So I volunteer if you want to accept it up to you. This video is just very chaotic. I don't even know what I'm saying anymore. I'm tired. I love you guys. Thanks for watching. I'm gonna go to bed. So see you guys later. Bye guys.