 Alright, oh I should close my window, sorry. I'm not trying to enter out my party. She's the burnt oatmeal. Oh, I don't get how you always burn oatmeal. Hi guys, what's up? It's Sid. Welcome back. So today I'm here with my friends. Hey. So today I'm here with two of my best friends in LA, Franny and Alexa. Today we're going to be doing a very fun video. I'm going to be seeing who knows me better. Alright. Me. I feel like I do know you really well, but like I said, don't, I hope you don't ask some weird questions. Yeah. Like, is my blood type? Yeah, I like what? If you guys didn't know, I did this video a year ago with two of my best friends in Instona. So that would be fun now that I moved to LA to do it with two of my best friends here. Let's get into the video. Ready guys? Yeah. Ready. Alright. Here we go. First question is, this is the easy one. We're starting now. God, I'm nervous. I'm going to lose. Most of it to the 9th episode. that has to be Vloggy phase. I question the winner. I didn't know that. I know that as we're both on, but, probably we're supposed to have something there so maybe three to one? I know that okay, I just Silly are gum in the string Leaving them everywhere I like pick up something there's gum on it. I actually just cleaned up some gum Free Oh my god, it need what is the food that I hate the most Wanging out right now Do you think I think so three two one She oh Okay, it's sushi, but she's out of a halfway That's like very true. I mean like I can never like get like pizza with you All right, this is a fun one what are the names of my two closest friends back home? Do not know this I just told you I did a retain it. I was like I want you to be my friend blank. Oh Okay, well, I know one one yeah the one you want to go surprise. Yeah, that's one of them. There's another one It's a guy by night with one three two one April. Yes Yeah, so half point full point sorry Rachel. I do remember who you are though. Okay What is the dumbest thing I've ever done in LA since I've been here. Oh my god. I know Three two one You're situation leaving clothes in the laundry for too long I said laundry situation leaving clothes and wash her for over a week You know we all have those days or weeks A week Who is my favorite youtuber? Oh my god, oh my god three two one Cody Yeah There's two drinks that it order at Starbucks when I go what drinks are they like all either order one or the other Really doing specifics All right, I got a specific to yeah, I'm ready lift the boards baby all in to middle catch chocolate or healthy pink drink Oh my god, I got I said I'll chocolate with soy milk and then to pink drink on sweet and with sevia. Oh my gosh Okay, they're both right. I'm gonna say because I used to get all my milk, but recently I'm getting soy milk Oh, okay, and you both I think got the pink drink Oh my god, okay, so you got your point. It's not so well. Are you tired right now? Oh you five and a half okay? You four and a half yeah, okay, so it's a close race people How many how many are there ten there's like 20? Oh wow whoa? Good work Okay, this is a new thing for me and it's just my guilty pleasure. What is my favorite TV show right now? Oh, I saw this on your Instagram, sorry, but I do not remember what it is TV. I don't think oh my god Wait, I know it's not you at the boys house. Yeah, I don't know what's called. I'm no gas He has said the name of it. Yeah, I'm just or you can describe it if you don't know what the name is I don't even know what it's about Three two one question mark. Hop show. Okay. Yes. It's a cop show It's called live PD Yes, I will give you half a point for that how tall am I Three two one five three yeah Well, because you always say you're my height and I'm five four and I'm like no, you're like an inch smaller You guys know I like to pull pranks. I'm just a prank start hard. What's my go-to prank that I pull on like everyone I just think it's so funny. I've definitely done it on you and like the guys Okay, okay, and you were one. Okay, then I literally got it right. Okay So in the back All right, three two one That's my ring. Yes. Oh my god. Where it's like the Selena Gomez. It's off to yeah, the off-tune I know how you write a hundred million times. Yeah, I There's a whole channel actually. It's like a normal popular song But the songs are off-tune like auto-tune so bad and it's so funny when the person doesn't know that it's gonna be off-tune Speaking of music, what is my favorite song right now like within the past week? I've been obsessed with it Oh my god. Oh my god. Okay. Why are you ready? Uh-huh. Are you nervous? Maybe all right three two one dear society. Yeah, you guys got it. Oh, you're a good friend Yeah, we really pay attention. I only know this because of your Instagram story. Oh what year did I make my YouTube channel? All right three two one Yeah, I didn't know that I swear you probably think I watched that video. I did not actually I had a channel before this that I started like 2012 That's it. I didn't know who talked about it. Okay, when I work out I know I haven't worked on a while But when I do what is my favorite form of exercise? Flip the boys I can running. Oh, I hate running. Oh, I can't We go and have some cups or something. I was thinking we get the gym. Oh, I thought I don't know Because I thought you see you do a lot of cardio. I hate running. No, no, no, no How many siblings do I have and what are their names? I don't know how to spell it All right three two one two brothers Ashton oh my god Okay, my older brother's Ryan. Okay, but wouldn't have guessed that that's okay So we get a point from the house you get a point and a half Okay, both of you wait what's the score right now? Okay, all right, so for some reason Franny thought she had 11 to have points at this point But she actually only had 10 and a half so I don't really know what happened Sorry, the counting was mixed up anyways. There's two more questions left. So let's get back to the video What is my dream pet that I've always wanted and we'll have one day. Oh, okay, so Oh my god wait. Oh my god. Wait. Who want? I know it. It's coming Wait, I might be wrong. Holy crap. Ready set go I'm my group. Yes, a pig I feel like I'll take you both gone. All right. I think this last one is gonna be good because you can't tie whoever is closest Whoa, how many subscribers do I have on YouTube right now? I want to do something where like you guys couldn't tie three two one 1.4 million 1.35 you're closer. Yeah, you're closer So what is it exactly it's 1 590 oh Okay, all right well, so Alexa barely won you guys were Yeah, half a point. Yeah, half a point. Well, that is gonna be all for today's video Thank you guys so much for watching make sure to check out Freddie Lex's Instagram and socials Thanks for coming guys You see me tell you pretty well. Yeah, we got like almost Pretty good. I'm impressed like for real for real for real for real one But thank you guys so much for watching. I love you and I'll see you my next video. Bye oh Alright Oh Okay, so today I I honestly feel like I know Sid but I feel like she's gonna ask some weird questions I have no idea like what her favorite plant is