 Hot girl summer is happening this year, okay? The hot girl summer soon, you know she got it here. Hey guys, it's Sid. Welcome back to my channel. So since summer's coming, I thought it would be really fun to kind of just do a swimsuit collection haul. These are specifically swimsuits that really make me feel confident in myself. Body image is something that I definitely have dealt with and I know a lot of girls and guys have dealt with, especially with Instagram, society's built this image of like the perfect body. Whoever's watching this, you are beautiful and you should wear whatever makes you feel the best version of yourself. It's hot girl summer ladies. Let's do a swimsuit haul. Just be warm. There is a lot of swimsuits. Wackel your seat belt. It's about to go down. So the first one is Target. This is a bright neon green. Strap suit. I just really love the color of this and I feel like neon colors always make me look more tan. Next up, the next swimsuit is this white and pastel blue color block bikini. The connector clips are like this accent gold color and I just think it goes really well with the white and blue. So next up we have this dark green and black zebra print bikini. This one's so different and I feel like anything I own, which is the reason I bought it. I also feel like the top on this one has a good amount of coverage. Sometimes I feel kind of nervous to wear out because if they're too small, I'm nervous if things happening. So I feel like this swimsuit, I'd be more comfortable wearing out with the fan, a boat day. Actually we got to see the last time we went on the boat so, ooooh, it probably won't be happening for a while. The last suit that I picked up from Target is this Cheetah bikini. I do like a little bit of butt showing but I also don't like too much. It has to be a good balance for me. These bottoms I actually really like. They're definitely way more coverage than most of my bikini bottoms and then the top is super cool because it does have the same leopard pattern but it has this sentient. Okay. Someone just texted me. Postmates just texted me. So the next two swimsuits, these are just two bikini tops and these are both from VS Pink. So this first one is a white color block top. I really love the padding in this. I feel like it has super good support. It kind of reminds me of the triangle swim tops. So I usually would pair that with like black bottoms. The second top from them. Oh my gosh, I got it. Maybe I shouldn't have gotten this swimsuit. This next one is super cool. It's this blue and yellow bikini top. I love how it crosses in the front. Oh my gosh, this one. This is my only one piece swimsuit actually. It's cut out in such an interesting way and me holding this right now does not do it justice. But when you wear it on, I feel like it's super flattering. This is definitely a go-to for me too because it has a bit more coverage and I really love how there's just like that one shoulder look. I think this is a super unique swimsuit and it's definitely one of my favorites. Moving on to black bow swimwear. They sent me a few bikinis. The first one is this basic black bikini. It has like a little knot in the front on the bikini top and then on the bottoms. They kind of have this V shape to them. These are definitely on the cheeky side, but sometimes cheeky is fun. So and then the other bikini I have from them is this blue floral one. Again, it's definitely more cheeky. They're also super comfortable. Oh wait, I should show you guys. Bro, I can't find it. I'll just insert a picture I guess. They also sent me this really cute bikini top cover up and it kind of just looks like a white pullover but it ties in the front. It's so cute, it's so flattering. And I wear it a lot over my swimsuits. Next up we have Lulu's. I just have one suit from here. This one for some reason reminds me of the Flintstones. The front of this I will say is a bit thin. I feel like this is something I would wear once a year when I'm really feeling daring. You know, next up we have Windsor. I didn't even know Windsor had bikinis. I saw this in their store a bit ago and I really loved it. This is a multicolor green tie dye top. I don't really know if you can see on camera but it has this shimmer to it. I feel like this is just something I'd wear on a boat. And then the bottoms are actually way different than most of my bikini bottoms because as you can see they're high-waisted. But I kind of like it. I feel like it's definitely a lot different. I think sheen is kind of a hitter miss in general. People seem to love or hate their swimsuits. But these are ones that I really do like from them. This first one is basically my Pinterest board in real life. I'm sure you guys have seen the heart design thing. And I saw the beta bikini in that style and I immediately added it to my heart. This is a green heart style swimsuit. I will say the top is pretty small. But I think my favorite part about this is that it came with this little wrap around cover up. I just think it's a great combo together. It looks super cute. I'm projecting that these types of swimsuits are going to be pretty popular this summer. Next up from Sheen we have this light green bikini. It has the underwire and it also cinches up in the front. I also love the bottoms. Like I feel like this is my ideal amount of coverage because it's not too much but it's not too little if you catch my drift. I think this next one is definitely my top two favorites. This is a dark green bikini. It's really simple but honestly I feel like sometimes the simple bikinis are my favorite ones. It has light padding in it so it's definitely not super supportive. I just really love this color on. Ooh. When I first tried this on I liked it way more than I actually thought I would for some reason. I just love the pattern to it. I love the blue and yellow together. I will say the bottoms are definitely really cheeky. But it's also kind of a... So this next one is a leopard print bikini. This one also has that little wrap around which I really like. These last two things from Sheen are actually not swimsuits. They're cover-ups. It looks super pretty. It looks so bad with my shorts but it looks super cool when you kind of wrap it around your waist. And sometimes when I'm wearing this swimsuit I don't want to be like fully exposed I guess. I also have the same cover-up in black. The last swimsuit I have is this orange one piece from 437 Swimwear. I don't know why I forgot I have another one piece. But I love how the sides of this cinch it really looks flattering and the straps are super addressable in this so you can definitely make it form fit your body more. I think this color looks super nice especially for the summer. I feel like my priorities are like making my butt look good and looking tan. These swimsuits all give me that. Wow. That was a lot. So yeah those are all my swimsuits. I've definitely had my bad body image jays and I think it's important to find swimsuits that really just make you feel good about yourself. And also to remember that you don't need to fit any society body standard. You are perfect the way you are. It's definitely something that I have struggled with myself. Rock whatever swimsuit you want to wear because it's all about what makes you feel confident. But I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching. Just remember that you are so beautiful. I hope you have a great day and I'll see you in my next video. Bye. So since summer is our blip I can't talk. Brace. What I literally can't talk.