 I've been waiting for this one. I'm waiting for this one. I'm waiting for this one. Hey guys, welcome back. We're gonna do some serious damage. I feel like that's such a millennial thing to say. First things first, I did bring back the stickers. I know it kind of reminds me of like my visco time period when my laptop was like actually horrendous. But this I thought was tastefully done. I'm sorry, I'll take them off next time. I've been doing these videos. I want to say like every year for the past two or three years. I'll kind of just do a giant shopping spree for no reason. And it's actually even worse this year. Because now that I live in New York, I have very limited space for my clothes. So that's just like one more reason that I shouldn't be doing this. I was gonna actually shop for some clothes. And I've been waiting. I've been waiting for this video to buy honestly a lot of things. Because I kind of wanted to just do it with you guys. So yeah, you guys know how this works. If you guys saw my other videos. I'm basically gonna go to an online shop. And then wait for everything to come. And then I do a little haul. I'm really excited. I love filming these videos. I use my Pinterest a lot as inspo as you guys know. I don't know why my Wi-Fi isn't working. Is this the universe telling me not to spend my money online? The first place I have to start at is Skins. And I'm saying this because I've had a gift card for Skins for like six months. Valentine's drop. That could be fun. Ooh, that light baby pink color is so... Oh wait, it's coming soon. Never mind. I do like that light baby pink color though. I would totally get it in this hoodie. So I'm gonna do that. I'm just gonna get the hoodie version. And I've never gotten a hoodie from Skins before. So we'll have to see how it is. I need to see if their long sleeve dress is back in stock. Because that's something I've been wanting this. Yes, they have it in my size. I want underwear kind of. I feel like all their underwear are so cute. But I really don't need anymore. I have so much. I lose all of my socks actually though. I could use like some little ankle socks. And these brown ones are really cute. What I do need practicality wise are good long sleeve shirts. I do have some that are nice. But they're very like cropped. It just always shows my stomach. And sometimes like when I go to a nice dinner. I don't wear a long sleeve shirt without my stomach showing. So yeah, I actually do need a couple of those. These ones look this looks long enough. This tank I'm wearing right now is from Skins. I don't know if you guys can see. And I love it. But I'd also like it in like another color. Black again. I need to stop buying black guys. I need to add more color to my wardrobe. So that's what I'm gonna try and do for these next doors. Let's go to Abercrombie. Guys, I have some words to say about Abercrombie. My friends have recently put me back on. Now it's like seriously coming back around. They have such good pieces. I would honestly compare some of them a little bit to Eritzia. Some really nice staples. I've gotten some of my best jeans from there. Let me refer to my Pinterest. Um... Why does it feel like someone's nailing into my apartment? Oh, my Pinterest. I've been saving a lot of New York Yankees hats. And a lot of girls outfits that I like. They have the cute baseball hat. So I do... I do need to get this. I've also been seeing a lot of vests on Pinterest. Let's see what vests they have. I'd say something like this. I've definitely seen this exact vest on my Pinterest. When I was thinking about this video, I decided to score my Instagram story and ask you guys for online clothing store recommendations. You gave me some really good places. So thank you guys. A lot of you guys were saying addicted. And I have shopped on addicted before. So I was like, you know what? Let me just go back on there. Since that's what so many of you guys were saying. I've been wanting this jacket for so long. I've seen so many girls on TikTok wearing it. TikTok's kind of turning into like the new Pinterest actually. No, I could never do Pinterest like a disservice like that. People are finding more of their outfit info on TikTok. Even then Pinterest sometimes. People as in me. Maybe this is just me. But I have been wanting like this specific jacket. It's like that nice bomber maroon red color. I do love a good lace moment. They have kind of a lot of lace pieces. But I like that this one's long sleeve. This jacket is also really cool. And I like that neck of it. I feel like it's one of those that you could wear off your shoulders a bit. Wait, where should I go next? I'm gonna look at what you guys suggested. Ooh, a lot of you guys are saying garage. I really do love garage. Every time I go into garage, I never leave empty handed. Like I said, I've been wanting more color in my wardrobe. You know, I just love wearing blood. I'm not going to wear it. I'm not going to wear it in my wardrobe. You know, I just love wearing black so much. But I need to step out of my comfort zone. They do have some good options. Ooh, I like this shade of blue. It's like that baby blue color. I feel like it's a hit or miss online. It's so hard to tell like the true color of something. This tank looks fun too. I know I just said I need color, but this brown tank looks cute. So I'm just gonna do it. I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. I think the last place I want to go to is Paxon. Sorry, all my friends would always like tell me I type really loudly and aggressively. And I'm like insecure about it. We have some color options at Paxon. And this is just gonna give me no excuse. Like no more, no more basic colors. No more white, black, brown. I kind of like this green tank. It's kind of, it's different. It's a different green color. I, oh my gosh, guys, here I go again. This white lace short sleeve top. I love it. I really like this. This is a part of John Gold, which I think is the Brandy Melville part of Paxon. I think that's enough. And now we wait. It's Hall time. These are actually not even all of them. The other ones are over there. I'm so excited. I've been waiting for all of the packages to come. And to accumulate. So we could do a little haul together. This sad would that be if I like bought all of the clothes. And then just never showed them coming. I was waiting on one specific package that was the last one to come. The Skims one. I'm so excited. Now that they're all here, we can unbox them together. But I just think first, don't hate me. I'm gonna get coffee. Like, can I just have a day without coffee? Starting to feel like I can't. Which is also starting to feel like it could be a problem. Getting coffee is just like the only real way to prep for this haul. It's also snowing out. Which I kind of like. Because it doesn't snow that much here. So every time it snows, I romanticize it. Okay, I have my coffee. And I, oh shhh. Oh. Anyways, I think I'm gonna start with Skims. This is the biggest box of all of them. Oh, so excited. It's like Christmas day. We have a lot to unbox. I got, I kind of actually forget what I got. Is that sad? That's actually, yeah, that's pretty sad. Okay, the first thing is this long sleeve cotton jersey tee. It's feels so thick actually. The quality of this I can just tell is really nice. It's also long enough, which is good. You guys know, like I said, I didn't want anything like cropped. I think this is gonna be a good staple for me. Next, I think I got the same thing. There's something similar in white. Okay, yeah, this is that off white long sleeve top. This one feels a little bit different. I don't know if it's the same exact material as the other one. I do like this. It looks like it's the perfect length. Basically exactly what I was looking for. The beauty of Skims is that they're such staples. It's nothing like crazy trendy, but that's kind of like the point of it. Next up, I think this is like their tank. I'm pretty sure. Okay, yes, this is the tank. Like you guys know, I have this in basically every other color, but black. So obviously I needed it in this black color. Do I feel guilty for getting another black tank top? Considering I have 50. Honestly, a little bit, I do. But I have no but actually. There's like no excuse. I just wanted it. I think that this is the dress that I'm so excited for. I hope this fits me well because I really just wanted a nice long sleeve staple dress. It looks really nice. It looks like it'll be pretty form fitting, which is exactly what I wanted. This is just such an elegant, mature dress. And the neckline's actually a bit deeper than I thought it would look. But I like that. I like kind of showing my color bone. Is that weird? Color bone? It's actually so weird. Why did I say that? Like I could have just said, like I like that it's like deep neck. I don't know. Oh, I also got some socks. I forgot I got these. The everyday ankle sock. I need to stop losing my socks. Then I wouldn't have to be buying all these. Ooh. Oh wait, cute. I actually really like these. And I have underwear that matches these. So. The last thing is the pink hoodie. I'm so excited. I like, why do I get so excited about hoodies though? I feel like a hoodie is like not that exciting. Ooh, look how nice. Oh wow. It's very oversized. Considering I got a small, this is like almost like a large. Ooh, but this is so perfect. I love it so much. I can already tell. The color is like what I loved about this. This baby pink. Ooh, and it makes me look tan. It is big though. If you guys do order this, just know that it is oversized. But I love my hoodies oversized. So this is pretty much perfect. It's so soft and comfy. Okay, the next store we have is a dicted. I'm excited. I've only ordered from a dicted. Maybe two or three times before. But I obviously liked their stuff. So first things first. I think this is what I'm most excited about that I got from them. Is this maroon red jacket. I have been like eyeing this for months. Okay, wait, I love it. I think I love it. I think this is exactly what I wanted. This lived up to my expectations. Wait, why is everything going so well for me today? Like everything's looking cute. It does smell a little funky. But I feel like that's kind of normal. Like with the fake faux leather stuff, always has a weird smell. It isn't like the warmest jacket ever. I probably wear this more and like the fall or the spring. Wow, I should have honestly gotten this sooner. You guys already know I love lace. So I got the off the shoulder black top. I think it looks really nice. It's just going to be interesting to see how it fits. I do wish it was kind of like a bit longer because it is a bit more cropped than I thought it would be. But I think with something under this, it could really, it could work. I also got the pajama top. Of course it has lace again. And a bow. Two of my favorite things. It looks really delicate and like dainty and pretty. Like a mix between lingerie and pajamas and a tank. All in one. The straps are super long. But you can actually adjust them. So that should be fine. I also got some hair clips. I feel like this will be actually way easier. Every time I try to do a bow in my hair, I actually have a ribbon. And trying to tie the ribbon is kind of tricky sometimes. So the fact that this has a little clip to it should make it like a lot easier. I could just do like a half a path down. I forgot I got another jacket. I don't know why I was in this jacket mood. But I got this one. It looks so sporty. It actually kind of looks like Adidas. Doesn't it? I do love Adidas. So that works for me. Ooh, I love this with the little snaps at the front. I feel like it's sophisticated. It's a sporty race car driver wife. I feel like I could also wear it open if I wear like a black top under. It's so cute. It definitely isn't super warm though. Kind of like the other one. This is more of like a transitional season jacket. Okay, next up I'm going to move on to Abercrombie. I only got a couple things from there. But the first thing is this vest. I love this. It looks so sophisticated and classy. And I love the little gold buttons on it. They have like a little detailing on it too. It's kind of giving like a very preppy school uniform vest. The New York Yankees hat came. I'm so, I'm so New York now guys. I do feel like I'm a bandwagon though. But whatever. Next up we have another favorite of mine. Garage. I've loved garage for years and I feel like they just like keep getting better. So why did I order two hats? I'm confused. Die, forget. Like why did I do that? Now I have two I guess. I don't know which one I like better. Blue or the green. You guys tell me. Okay, we have another lace piece. This is just like a brown tank with lace trimming on the top. I love brown and I love lace. So it's kind of the only reason I got this. And then lastly I got this blue sweater. I really like the color of this. Even better in person that online. It's almost like a blue slightly lavender color. It's so pretty. I love this blue. I should paint my nails this color. Paxas is just like such a go-to. You really can't go wrong. This green could either be seen as cute or ugly. Personally I like this green shade. Like I said I've been wanting to add more color to my wardrobe. So this is a nice start. And it's so soft. This is like the softest piece of everything. I think that I've gotten so far. Okay, I got to zip up which I'm so excited for. I feel like I get the most excited about the most basic pieces. And this is really cute and it's cropped. Can zip it up. Lastly I got this yet another lace piece. This is so pretty. I feel like this is kind of like a good representation of my style. I definitely need to find something though like a white bralette that I could wear under this. I think that's everything guys. This was so fun. If you guys want to see more like clothing related videos, let me know. Also if you guys do have any clothing stores that you recommend, please let me know because I'm always trying to find new places that I haven't heard before like small online businesses. But yeah, thanks guys for watching. Anyways, love you guys. And I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.