 [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ Hello, everyone. What's up? It's Sid. I am going to be cleaning out my closet today. [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ Yes, you heard that right, folks. For some reason, I just have a hard time getting rid of clothes that I know I don't even need. For clothes that I just haven't worn in like two or three years. I actually clean out my closet like two months ago. Somehow two months later, it's just as bad as it was before. Of course, I'm like grateful to have all these clothes, but I really just don't need them, you know? Some of them I haven't worn in forever. They're just sitting there, wasting space, and they could be used by someone else who actually needs them. So now the time has come to fully clean out my closet. I thought I'd film it and kind of take you guys with me because I don't know. I feel like it's kind of satisfying to watch videos like these. Also, I feel like if I film it, your guys are like holding me accountable to get rid of stuff that I don't need. So this is a big reveal of my closet. Yep, that's it. It's just not the most organized, like what is this? This needs help. Honestly, guys, I'm kind of overwhelmed. I feel like part of me has just been putting this off, but it needs to happen, you know? Okay, where do we start? See, this is where I get like overwhelmed and then I just don't do it. We're just gonna start head on. Let's start out with my hoodies. Hoodies, I would say are the things that I like collect the most because they're my favorite thing to wear. So it's hard for me to part with them, but we're changing the centrality. If I haven't worn them in forever, it needs to go. I don't need less than enough. Okay, you know what? I will say this is the first one to go. I'm really sad because I just got this at Goodwill like two months ago, but it's kind of big on me, like a little too big. I will bring it back to Goodwill, I guess. Okay, so I just realized I have two flannel button up blonde sleeves. And I feel like these are just too similar. One of them needs to go. I'm gonna have to say this one. This is gonna be the one to go. Okay, wow, I feel good already. Excuse me. This next thing guys, I keep looking at it. I just don't know why I still have it. It's actually really cute, but I just never can find something to wear this with. It's just this white cardigan that's striped. So that's gonna be out of the pile. I feel like I should get rid of this. I got this also at Goodwill. It's just this long sleeve light blue zip up. And I just feel like I have so many things similar to this. So, things time. To let it go. I told you guys, I'm trouble doing this. Okay. Why do I still have this? I don't think you would have expected this, but I do have two wigs in my closet. I have this off the shoulder top that I got a couple years back. I think my mom actually like sewed it for me to make it fit me. This is like so sweet. Thanks mom, but it's time has come. I don't know about this guys. So I got this for a trip to Mexico a few months ago. Knows outfits that you get for like one occasion. And you just know you're never gonna wear it again. That's what this is. The what top I feel like actually I could keep these pants. Like I just don't see myself wearing them. I think I'm just gonna donate these. I also have this top and I don't know if I should get rid of it, but I haven't worn it in so long. Like at least a year and a half. I think that's just a sign. I mean, I don't think it is a sign. I know it's a sign. That is gonna be donated. Okay. I feel like we've made some pretty good progress. Let's move to this side. I'm getting kind of warm. Hold on, I'm gonna change. I was really hot so I changed. Anyways, we're gonna carry on. So over here I have some of my dresses. I feel like I don't wear dresses as much as I used to because I just love to wear hoodies. I think the first dress I'm gonna get rid of which you might be surprised because I just wore this in my Instagram baddie video. Should I get rid of this? I don't know. You know what? I'm gonna keep this for another month. And if I don't wear it within the next month, mark my words, I'm gonna get rid of this. See, this is what I'm talking about. I have this dress which I absolutely love and I wore this to Coachella last year. It's just this long glittery, maxi dress. It's so pretty. This was probably my favorite Coachella outfit that I wore but I'm not gonna wear it again. Like there's just no reason for me to. I guess I'm gonna get rid of it. It just sucks because it's so cute. Oh, I forgot I even had this. This is just a red scarf. L.A. doesn't get that cold. So this should really be a Minnesota. I'm just going to donate this even though who's gonna get this? Like they're not even gonna want this. It doesn't get that cold here but that is what I decided to get rid of from the things on the hangers. I can show you guys the pile of what it looks like. So far this is what we've got. That's actually a decent sized pile but I could say so myself. Okay, that was a weird flex. You know what? I did bring a stepping stool for me to sit on because I'm just that lazy. So. Imagine how funny that would have been if I like fell. Well, I'm like so mean to myself. Wow, welcome to my drawers. This is so random. It's funny seeing you here. Who would have thought? Now me. That's for sure. So we're gonna start with this drawer. This is very unstable. Why is this so? Oh, it's because it's off the track. This is my short sleeve drawer. It's very overflowed. You know that you need to start getting rid of stuff when you can't even open and close it properly. This first part I love but I feel like I overwore it. But it's so cute. I feel like someone would really love this. I might even sell some of these things on my posh mark because I know a lot of you guys love to buy secondhand things. Yeah, I'm gonna get rid of that. This top is also cute. It's thrills from Princess Polly but I accidentally shrunk it a little bit. So it doesn't fit me as well anymore. I feel like I have 15 of the same white tank tops. Like the same exact thing. Look at what I'm wearing now. And look at what this is. The only difference is is that this has buttons on it but I just feel the need to keep it for some reason. Even though it's basically the same thing. I have this white bodysuit from Forever 21. This is a little bit too big for me. So I've never worn it. I don't even remember buying this. Actually, it's that weird. I also have this black tank top that I forgot I had. But it has a little stain on it because I am messy. So that I'm also going to probably actually just give it up in total because it's stain. Oh my gosh, yes. I have this shirt and it says Los Angeles on it. I think this is from Brandy. This is so cute but I feel like it's a little bit smaller for some reason. I don't know if my clothes are shrinking or I'm just growing. Something is happening. I have this blue top that I really like but I don't know, maybe I'll keep it. J.K. I psych. Oh, I also have this red tea. I think I also outgrew this a little bit and this is a little bit too tight on me now. So that is going to be donated. I have this top that I wore like a year and a half ago. Oh wait, I don't know if it's a stain on it. Yep, that is going to go. Oh my gosh, I have this to you guys. I think the longest of everything in my closet. I swear, remember wearing this in like sixth grade. But I feel like I have just so many other clothes that I wear more often than this and I've kind of have grown it. So, okay, well you know what? I think I made pretty good progress on this. That's when you know you've consolidated enough. Next up, I think you guys can see the issue that I'm about to address. I have too many jeans and pants and I already went through this two months ago and obviously I didn't take out enough stuff. So we're back. I have these star jeans that I don't think I've ever even worn. Not because they're not cute, but because they're too big for me. So these I'm going to donate. Also, these pants, I got them from Brandy and they're so cool. And I wore them in a picture but they're actually really long for me. So I'm gonna have to be rid of these because I'm short. On a side, no, I just wanna show you guys how cute are these jeans that I got? I got this on Poshmark actually. I think they're so cool. Anyways, it's definitely not getting rid of these. Don't know why I had to tell you that. Well, you know what? I didn't fully get rid of enough stuff as I should have in my pants section but we are striving for improvement and not perfection. Dude, there's something wrong with this thing. I think it's broken. Now for shoes. I keep most of my shoes that I wear on a normal basis in my kitchen, such entry area but I do keep some of my other shoes down here. Off the bat, I know I need to get rid of these because I got them for my Billie Eilish video and they came a little bit late and I just never really wore them. Ooh, I also have these slides that I don't really wear anymore just because I wore them so much. You can see how dirty they are. Those are gonna go. Oh, I also have these sandals. They're just tan but they're a little bit big for me and they don't stay on my feet. Okay, let's assess the pile. Now that we've cleaned out most of the stuff, I would say this is like a pretty thick pile. Take with three Cs for sure. Also this is a sock. I don't know why that's there. You know what, if you made it to this very moment, you deserve an award. So, here. This is for you. Thank you for sticking to this moment. We are down about 10 pounds of clothes. My closet is 10 pounds lighter. I'm just happy that these clothes are gonna find a new home but I hope you guys liked this video. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in my next video. Bye. Oh, gosh. Every single time. Bye guys.