 Okay, listen up. Ooh, that sounded mean. Let me do it again. This is gonna be a big day for me. I find myself gonna attach just too close. Meaning, I can't really give them up even if I don't wear them ever. I also don't even know what's in my closet anymore because I feel like everything's just been thrown in there and it's kind of a wreck. Essentially, I'm going to be going through my closet. I'm gonna kind of set everything out, donate some things, and then try to reorganize it. So, it's not a mess right now. I need coffee first because this is gonna be a lot of work. So, let's go! So, this is my closet area. I feel like I haven't really shown you guys this before. This is my closet. Well, this is half my closet. The other half is over here, which we'll see in a second. So, this is what my closet looks like. I have these little bins on this side. This is where the majority of my clothes are. In my drawers, nothing is organized and it's to the point where it's kind of hard to open because everything's just overstuffed. I have my purses and stuff up here. On the other side, I have a lot of my hoodies, jackets, and stuff hanging up. So, what I think I'm gonna do is I'm gonna separate my clothes into Yes, No, and Navy pile. This kind of helps me to get rid of most stuff because I feel like if it's just Yes, and No piles, for some reason, I feel attached and I just keep most of the things, which I really do need to get rid of. I would say 30% of my clothes at this point. And I think what's best for me is when I take my clothes out from the closet and put them on my bed so I can actually see everything. My mom told me this rule that if you're going to your closet and you see something that you haven't worn in six months, that you should get rid of it. Because that's a sign that you're probably never gonna wear it again. I'm realizing how many white tank tops I have. Let me show you guys all of them. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. I need to get some holiday. I think keeping two is reasonable. So I made some pretty good progress. These are all the tops that I want to keep. And then over here I have my No pile. So yeah, I'm gonna throw everything back in the drawers now and hopefully it can fit better. I decided to split my tops into two different drawers. Next I'm gonna tackle this. This is my like underwear broad drawer. I think this is my favorite thing that I own. These cheesets, I talk. The broad underwear drawer is always like a hard drawer for me to make it look good because there's just so much stuff going on. I guess I don't know why I'm showing you guys like my bras but yeah like I said this drawer never looks good but it's definitely better. So finish those drawers. I am gonna do these ones now. I'm gonna be honest. I don't know what the f*** I was thinking when I put these drawers together like there's quite literally no order to these drawers. See this is what I mean. I didn't even remember that I had this set. It's this long maxi skirt with this tube top. What's really cute about this is it's actually reversible so it can be a black or a red set. And I feel like that's why going through your closet is important because you'll find things that you forgot about. So I just got rid of so much stuff. So here's the updated situation. You can see I took all of these out of my closet just because it was kind of hard to go back and forth. This is my maybe pileback here basically things that I want to try on and make sure that I don't want. These are all the things that I just got rid of. What are my major sources of happiness? Not even just from my wardrobe I would say in my life in general. Comes with having a weird weird t-shirts. Shirts that are weird okay shirts would say weird things are funny, puns, etc. And I realized just how many shirts I have that are like that. And am I planning on getting rid of any of them? Absolutely not. I don't care how much of the lack of space they have they will still be with me. But I want to show you guys though because I'm actually like so proud of my t-shirt collection. I also have a date in an hour and I should be getting ready for that. I'm not showing my weird t-shirts online but that's what I'm doing. I do what I want. I'm not a rapper. In Cod we trust. No to anxiety, yes to epic life. I heard my son but did you die? Stop talking to my boyfriend? That I don't have? I heard my attitude problem. So I do think I'm going to dedicate a whole drawer to my t-shirts because I have so many of them. I didn't expect this to be a two-year project but here we are. It's the next day also on the topic of clothes. What's feeling sporty today? I don't even go to the school but today's agenda. I feel like I'm halfway done with my closet clean out. Obviously as you guys saw I did all the bins and they're like the main clothes in my closet. It is so much better. So I'll just kind of show you guys a brief little rundown. These are all of my long sleeves. I have some of my non-jean pants in here. Here I have jeans. These are my kind of set outfits. A bin full of sweats. pajamas. My t-shirt collection which you guys already saw. shorts and skirts. More jeans, tanks, bras and underwear and more shirts. Now we can move on to the other half of my closet. As you can probably see I have a lot of hoodies, jackets, like dresses in here. So I'm going to try to get that really cleaned. Um I feel like this is pretty good. This is my donate discard pile. I definitely could have gotten rid of a few more things but... I finished my shoes. This looks so much better already. I basically took out this little tree display organizer because when I had it like that since everything was layered I couldn't really see the bottom shelf and I felt like this way I could see more of my shoes. So the last thing I have to do is go through my maybe pile and double check which things I want to donate and keep. These are too big for me. So no. I don't like the length of this so no. I don't really like the skirt so no. This is actually so cute. I don't know why I haven't worn the skirt. So this is a yes. These are okay but I feel like I have so many other jeans. So no. All right I know I just haven't bought a jeans but I actually really like the excessive amount of ribbs in these. So these are yes. These are fine but I can't do any more jeans so now I got to dress solely because Kendall Jenner wore something like this and I haven't tried it on till now. I actually do think it's fun though. I'm gonna keep this one. Wow considering I'm getting rid of all of this I do feel like my clean out was successful. Since I know I'm not keeping any of this I'm gonna separate it into two piles of stuff that I'm either gonna donate or stuff that I'm going to I think sell on like D-pop or something. I love D-pop and Poshbark so I feel like it'd be fun to sell a few things. I'll try to put a link for my D-pop in the description box too if you guys want to check any of these things out. Huh? The shoes. Is it better? Wait it's so good. Thank you. I've got time this doesn't look different but that doesn't look good. Yeah okay I know I said I was done false alarm. I'm not done just yet. But I realized I was gonna show my closet and I was like wait it actually still doesn't look good because this area is just ratchet. I just have to organize my necklaces up here because they've kind of just accumulated down here and it's just messy. And then I have all my purse over here which I'm gonna go through too because I don't use a lot of these anymore. So I finished organizing this area. I just hung up my necklaces and I put like a lot of my rings and stuff on this little plate and then I got rid of a few of my purses so definitely is a lot more clean up here and manageable. And I'm done!