 Hello guys, so Whoa Frick I am going to be cleaning my car today My car is freaking messy. It's discussing. It's Trashed actually I feel like I made it sound like really bad. It's not like that bad But there's construction going on there's leafflowers going off There's kiddos running around swimming in there inflatable pools. So hopefully it's not too chaotic I'm going to be cleaning my entire car. I decided I'm going to wash the exterior on my own I wanted to get it washed and I was gonna just like go to a car wash Then I'm like no that's freaking boring I've been just trying to get my life in order and I feel like it starts with your car to make sure your car is clean Before you know you can really get the rest of your life situated. Maybe that's just me I also thought it'd be fun if I like kind of decorate my car that was a lot to say I feel like I'm very Scatter-minded right now. There's just a lot going on The bird is kind of annoying I'm gonna be honest I don't know if I should use this but I think this is for like gardening It gets the job done I got this car shampoo and conditioner Which I was like kind of weird. You're not supposed to use dish soap I looked online and it's a big no Don't do it I don't know why they're doing so much construction from my house right now. Ooh this is gonna be heavy isn't it? Oh yes that is heavy. Oh oops This is so fun Sorry, the law more my neighbor Technical difficulties my host stop working I don't know how to say this guys I feel like I failed you. I don't think this my hose not function properly But also now that I got halfway done with washing my car and I wasn't able to rinse it off It looks even worse than when I started there's streaks all over it. I'll literally show you I'm just trying to fun man. I was just trying to not take the easy route and do something the hard way because it's more fun to Wash your own car now my house doesn't work like what kind of speed is that there's zero water pressure? You know what don't hate me. I'm gonna go get it washed Well not lie. I feel like I'm kind of a disappointment. I feel like I fail at everything I do Like even when I put in my full effort it backfires maybe this is a lesson when life comes at you You gotta just flip that into the round you gotta get back into it. You have to punch back That sounds violent at least I tried it. It was actually fun to do like washing it kind of remind me of my childhood All right now I just get to sit back relax and enjoy the show Now that's power washing my week-hose could never And there you have it done bam two minutes my car is For rash baby guys that's the way to do it. I'm sorry. I don't know why I wash my car by hand Learn from my mistake my car is now clean. I feel amazing new car new me It's hot Wow, it says it's only 72 degrees outside. I am going to be cleaning the inside of my car First thing that needs to go is this why is this in my car? I don't know. I don't know what to do with it. I am going to just get everything out first Let's just start with the stuff I have to clean here. We go cheers. I Feel like no one actually cheers me if you did you're a real one Why are these in my car? Something spilled a kind of dust day And concerning I Just finished wiping down like most of the interior I want to vacuum my seats now because I got the coolest freaking thing at Target today It's a little mini handheld vacuum. It's so tiny What? What? Is that a vacuum cleaner? Yes. Does it work? It's a turtle vacuum cleaner. It's all giving It was a smell weird. I think the batteries are overheating Zoe is that you the mats are drying now my dad actually like freaking shot the hose All inside my car Unaccident, but that's okay. You know what we've had a lot of stuff back today Nothing's gonna stop me now. I want to do a few things to like spruce up my car because I've seen like really cute Pinterest photos where people kind of like personalized their car and they add a few cute things to it So this is going to bring people back to summer 2019 the epitome of the visco girl scrunchies everywhere you look and You know what I was one of those girls. I have my bag full scrunchies here And I want to put some of them on my gear shift because I've seen people do that on Pinterest and it actually turns out pretty cute Wait, that's actually so cute. I've seen like some people put a little plant in one of the cup holders Which I know is so impractical, but I just want to see what it looks like because I had the sitting in my room Hmm see I really need my cup holders. So that's not gonna happen if I put it right here This is actually like the perfect spot because it stays I was trying to figure out something cute to hang from my rear view mirror I didn't want anything big because that kind of annoys me to like drive with something that's obstructing my view of the road I have this like little butterfly necklace. That's really cute. So I don't know if this is like too stupid and like small I'm just gonna leave it there see if it grows on me. I don't know guys comment is it cute or should I take it out? The last thing that I really it was super super excited to do is put some pictures right on my visor right here I haven't really seen people do this. I don't think I just thought it was a fun idea because I have a ton of little Pictures that I could kind of put here. It's that one whenever I open this it will make me happy. I also have this Okay, so This is how the photos turned out. I really like it. I think it's super sweet I just had these photos already printed on this side I put the frickin' gerbil. I don't know why I did that guys. I feel like it'll be funny When someone gets in my car and they put the visor down and they see that and then over here I put this sticker. It says follow me on six. Yeah, I've had these stickers for a while And I just wanted to do something with them But yeah, I really love how the visor turned out. I feel like I'm a big picture person I just love memories. I love reminiscing on good times So it's also just cute and sweet to have in your car I feel like it kind of personalizes it a little bit if you want to do this to your visor I recommend it you have to make sure that you get small photos. I just already have these small ones printed I almost forgot to show you guys. I actually got these little Air freshener things at Target. I'm gonna put these on my air vents I think that works stick it right there and then you pull a little tab Ooh, I don't know was I supposed to do that? Oh Ooh, I don't know was I supposed to do that well Hopefully this helps my car to smell better. I feel like that makes my car sound like it smells gross all the time It doesn't it's just certain times when I forget about the food in the car and I leave it in the car That's what I'm telling you about that's really pretty much it. So yeah, there's a final product of my car I really love it and I'm so what I did it I actually like enjoy Going out now because I know my car is clean But I hope it gave you like some motivation if you need to clean your car or if you need to clean your room Once it's done you feel so much better also What was I gonna say I'm forgetting I'm so bad at this. Well, I can't say I'm gonna say something Yep, forgot it. Well, you know what maybe it'll come to me later. Thanks so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed I'll see you in my next video. Bye You