 Oh my god. I will be a king. Hey guys, it's said. So as you may or may not know, I'm going to be going to call it in the fall. I've been doing this whole series on my channel the past couple weeks and it's been super fun. I'll link the rest of them down below. But basically for today's video, I share with you guys my live reactions of me getting my acceptance slash rejection letters. I just think this is such like a real relatable topic because everyone obviously gets the acceptance or rejection letters in the mail. As some of you guys might remember for my last video, I toured three schools, Pepperdine, Chapman, and Azusa. And basically I just want to let you know, I eliminated Azusa pretty much right away. So I didn't even film like a reaction video to be honest. So yeah, this video is basically just going to be my reactions to my Chapman and Pepperdine acceptance slash denial letters and obviously which squad decided at the end. So yeah, we're going to start with Chapman University. Here we go. Bro, I'm scared. I'm like going to throw up. Oh my god, you're like making me nervous. I love Chapman when I toured it. So I'm torn. I feel like between Chapman and Pepperdine. Like I can't even like tell you how much I'm nervous for this. Oh and valid email. Bro. Oh my god. Here we go. Here we go. Click here to be the latest update. I gotta get in. I gotta get in. I gotta get in. Guess what? What? I got my Chapman University letter of denial. Oh, did you open it? Did you open it? Yes. What happened? I got accepted. So good. I got declined. Oh. You should be so proud of yourself. Such a hard school to get into. I was literally telling you last time today. I feel like, bro, I'm so pumped if I go there. We'll see. Are you going? I don't know. I'm trying to decide between Pepperdine and Chapman. But I haven't gotten my Pepperdine acceptance. But this one. I feel like Chapman would be good. Yeah, Chapman. I'm so excited. I'm grateful. I'm excited. I feel like such a big ways of stuff for my shoulders. Yeah, I'm just so excited, bro. I'm so excited for college. Like I just can't wait. I'm counting down the days to August. Even though it's frickin' March, much. Chapman was not a school that I ever even like heard about. I never thought about going there. My mom actually found Chapman on Google. And was like, hey, you should apply here for a safety school. So that was the only reason I even applied. It was just as like a safety for Pepperdine. But then when I toured Chapman, I actually liked it way more than I thought I would. Okay, guys. So I was literally just about to go to bed. It is almost 1 a.m. The date is March 18th. And I was just checking my emails. I saw the Pepperdine. Has the admission decision. I'm at least sent over. So I'm gonna check because I just can't wait till the morning. You know, I have to know now. Okay, here we go. I am so scared. It helps knowing, I will say, that I got into Chapman. So just knowing that, you know, obviously I have that to fall back on. All I saw was the header. And it says Pepperdine decision notifications. So here we go. Oh my gosh, I got in. I got in. This year's applicant pool is exceptionally competitive as we reviewed over 12,500 truly remarkable applications for approximately 890 openings. Wow. Wow, I cannot believe it. I'm honestly surprised. This is making this such a hard decision. Oh, oh, I'm so not sure. I'm gonna call Rachel. Hi. Hello. Dude, I just want to tell you, okay, I just got the email from Pepperdine. And I got in. No way. I don't know. Obviously I don't need to make this decision now. But I just want to tell you, they received 12,500 applications. And you want to know how many people got accepted? Like 2890. And you are one of them? Yeah. That's insane. I know. Ah! That's crazy. That's like 2%. No freaking way. Oh my gosh, I can't believe I got in. It was definitely not something that I was expecting. I was kind of just preparing myself to not get accepted if that makes sense because I didn't want to get my hopes up. But yeah, now that I've accepted, that's great. And I'm so happy. And I just got to make my decision. Well, time to get thinking. Well, no, actually first time to get sleeping. Then I'll wake up and think. Because I gotta go to bed. I was very torn when I did get accepted into both. Obviously it's a really good position to be in. So I was grateful that I even had the choice. For me, it was hard because Pepperdine's such a good school. Academically, I love how they're a Christian university. The campus is obviously beautiful and it had always been my dream to go there. But it made the decision so hard. And guys, up until the very last day that I could decide, I was still not 100% sure. But now that I made the decision and I look back, I'm really happy with the school that I chose. I don't know, I feel like if you have gone through the college decision process and touring process, you would know that it's kind of like a feeling that you get when you go to visit a school. I feel like if I have any tips for anyone who's thinking about going to college, definitely tour them if you can because pictures only say so much and actually being there and like getting the vibe to the school. That was huge for me. It was a really tough decision and there were a few other factors involved with my major and certain things like that. Ultimately, I just love the school when I visited it and it's just a feeling you get when you go there. So I guess I just say it now. In the fall of 2020, I will be attending Chapman University. I am so freaking excited you guys have no idea. Chapman, I am ready for you. I hope you're ready for me. I'm so excited and I'm so eager and excited to learn. I'm so excited to meet new people. I couldn't be more ready for it and I just wanted to say thank you guys for being so supportive on this whole journey. Ever since I told you guys I was going to college, I've gotten nothing but support. Also Chapman did email me and they said that they are planning on going back. So yeah, I will be there in fall. It won't be like just all online classes. So yeah, I'm so excited and I hope you guys are too. There's going to be so many college videos coming so stay tuned for that. I love you guys. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.