 So I got a new camera. I feel like I say a lot of the times I feel like I'm a bad YouTuber because I feel like I usually am, but I've really stepped up new camera. I hope you can tell. It's kind of weird, but like I feel I feel like a YouTuber now. I'm at Starbucks. For those of you guys who don't know, I'm in college. I thought I would do a college vlog today and college has just been, it's been rough for me recently. I've been struggling a bit. So I thought I would talk about it with you guys. I'm hot. Oh my gosh, why is it freaking 100 degrees it's car? Anyways, can I have a Grande Strawberry As I Refresh her? I have a thank you, you too. Oh my gosh, why did I look so mad? So for the first part of the vlog, I thought I would ask you guys questions on my Instagram story. Actually, that no. I asked you guys to ask me questions on my Instagram story. I got like two hours of sleep last night. All right, first question is, was college more different or the same how you imagined it? But you're very, very different than I hoped it would be. Obviously with zoom university, it's just not going to be the same experience. Any cute boys in your classes? I don't know. I don't really like look for them per se. Also, we're like on zoom. So was it scary when you were waiting to see if you got in? I was so, so scared leading up to that because Chavin was definitely my number one choice. So I was so, so nervous. Is it hard to stay motivated in college? I think staying motivated online is a lot harder for me than staying motivated if it were in person. With zoom, it's just so much harder to focus. It's definitely less motivating in that way. How is it having a roommate and not living at your own house? If you guys don't know, I actually lived alone for almost two years. But I've actually really enjoyed it. I love just having the company and presence of someone around and I love my roommate. It definitely just made me feel a lot less lonely. Ooh, are you ever going to rush a sorority? I thought I wanted to try this sorority thing, but because it's all on zoom, I changed my mind. So I don't think so, at least for now. Study tips. I have one study tip that I live by and you should try it. Put your phone in another room. That's literally it. You won't want to go on it because you won't want to go to the other room to get it. If you're like me at least and you're kind of lazy. Actually, wait, I have two tips. Use rate my professor. Is it's a website where people from your school will rate the professors they've had? You can kind of see what different professors are like before you sign up for their classes. How do you manage social media with your studies, especially the anxieties? It's really hard. I'm not going to lie. It's really freaking hard. I feel like I'm always doing something. I love what I do. I think it's so much fun and I'm grateful for it and I also love school. If you like something enough, I feel like it will come a bit easier. You'll figure out a way to balance it. What should you bring that you'll actually use? The first week of college, I didn't know I was supposed to have a mattress pad. So I thought the bed was like really hard. I feel like it sounds so stupid. So definitely bring a mattress pad. Otherwise, it's going to feel like you're sleeping on a rock. But what's the best way you know that college is right for you? I think if you have something that you're really passionate about and you want to learn about, that you think a degree could help you get towards, then I would definitely try college out if you're able to. Even if you don't really know exactly what you want to study, but you still know that you want to learn. There's so many different majors in school and try it out and kind of just take a different class to see what you like the most. Is college really just parties and drinking? I mean, it definitely, like, if that's what you want out of college, you can definitely get that at college. But there's definitely so much more than that. There's so many fun clubs and obviously learning in class, meeting new people, meeting your neighbors. Also, we're in a pandemic, so things are just like not the same. All right, those are the questions I'm going to answer for now. Okay, so now I'm going to study for a bit. Typically, when I like to study, I like to study in 30-minute intervals. So I'll study for 25 minutes and then take a 5-minute break and then study for 25 minutes again, and then 5-minute break again. Because if I don't keep it rigid with myself, I literally will take it two-hour break. I thought this was just really real content. That's why I wanted to make this video because college is not necessarily like super glamorous. A lot of the time, I'm just sitting in my bed doing my homework. Let's get to work. So these are the classes I'm taking this semester. I use Canvas, I'm taking some communications classes and a Spanish class. Kind of answering the question before about how I balance work and school. I'm actually only doing 12 credits, so I think it is still considered full time, but it's a little bit less than the 15 standard. And that definitely helps too, so I don't feel as overwhelmed. All right, guys, college is hard, so we're going to bake pancakes. Maddie's back! I've been studying the past couple hours, and so has Maddie. We're trying to have fun on the Saturday night. Actually, it's Sunday night. Actually, it's Valentine's Day. We're single, so. I grew up using the Shake and Core pancake mix. Okay. Time to eat Valentine's Day dinner and be like, cheers! That's good. Mmm, something's a little off. No, actually, it's pretty good. I think it was like the bite I had was kind of weird. I think this is a great end today. Definitely 8.5 out of 10. Really? I'd say like, honestly, 9.1. We love just having fun nights like this, where we cook. I'm like, hang out. How do you fall with your roomy during COVID? It's so hard to go out, so like, we like to do stuff like this? Get creative. Balance is key, honestly. We love just having fun nights like this, where we cook. Get creative. I was gonna say get creative with your pain, but that didn't make my mind like with your pain. Yeah, I'm like, I think this is how we roll in cake. Yeah, this was next Valentine's. Anyways, I hope you guys like this college-jangelife vlog. I want more of my things at this point. Thanks for watching. College is hard, and we're trying to have fun. I love you. I love you. Happy Valentine's Day everyone. Bye. My hands, Steve. Steve.