 Hi, my name is Sydney and if you didn't know, I'm gonna be going to college in the fall. And in today's vlog, I take you guys on the college tour they went on. Hello everyone. So, my hair is blue still. Hey guys, it's Sydney. Today I'm so excited. I basically vlogged each college tour I went on. I did and I'm deciding to apply and tour three schools. So, there's three schools in the running. This footage is actually from six months ago. So, I'm so excited for you guys to see next week's video where I tell you guys which school I ended up choosing. You guys should actually comment. Comment below when you're done watching this which school you think I chose. Oh, also I will say that the college? No, that's gonna give it away. Never mind. Forget that. Let's get into the video. Um, what are you doing? I'm at Pepperdine right now. I know, what's up? I've been to Pepperdine like once or twice before. It's so pretty but I've never had like an official tour. Should be lady. Oh, did you really say that? Okay, sorry. Hi. Alright, let's go. It's so pretty. It's beautiful. So beautiful. Like I've never seen a campus like this. And the ocean can feel it over there. Oh, this is nice actually. It's bigger than I thought, isn't it? Gosh, I'm gonna have to get rid of some of my clothes. They're not gonna fit. Like, ready? Very large. Oh my gosh, they're going in and out there. How did we get so far? I mean, now we lost the tour group. So. Alright, action. What do you think so far? What do you think? Just look at the sky. The sky is dark. The sky is dark. The sky is dark. The sky is dark. The sky is bright. The sky is dark. The sky is dark. The sky is dark. lost the tour group so. All right, Ash, what do you think so far? We click. Well, yeah, no one's here. It's break. It was beautiful, baseball stadiums in America. I'm Sydney. I'm a transfer and I live in LA. I'm from Minnesota. Paparine was so beautiful. It's very impressive. It's a familiar that I forget it's worth. Thanks for letting us our tour guide or our crowd. Paparine was honestly my first choice before even the other two schools I knew existed. I've always just loved Paparine so me actually visiting there was so cool. I was talking to my dad and he's kind of right. It feels almost like a resort than like a college campus. It is a Christian college which was a draw for me. Also when we were on the tour it's pretty much walkable. We weren't having to like drive from one end to the other which I liked. Definitely a really amazing, amazing school for academics, for just like the view of the view. I'm gonna remind you of that TikTok. I like the view. You're my best view. Yeah. Let's go to tour number two which is Azusa Pacific Baby. It's currently 12 o'clock and we're gonna get lunch on the way because we're hungry. Make sure my camera doesn't have a mouse. Oh yeah. Well I can't keep multiple things. You got that. I'm driving. I'm driving. I'm looking for a coin. Should I do a eucheron here or is this bad? Is there an opening behind me? You could help Mark. Little help. I know you're gonna turn me on. Take your hand off. That's why I set up for it. You're ahead of me. I'm sorry. You're in the lighting. It's so nice. The lighting is really bad. It's fine. We've been driving for like an hour and a half to Azusa. I'm cranky. Almost here. We are running a little late but I'm really really excited. I've never been to this campus before. I was in the first place before I was covered in the eye and I've been to before. You called the key. It comes through the bedroom. I'm so excited. Wow. It's been a day. What do you guys think? I'm tired. I'm tired. I'm tired. I'm tired. I'm tired. I'm tired. I'm tired. I'm tired. I'm tired. Wow. It's been a day. What do you guys think? I'm tired. We came. We saw. We rocked. The fact that my brother and I have the same reaction after hearing that. Like our faces are exactly the same. Yeah. It's pretty fun and pretty interesting. I don't know. They're very different. The feel of it. This feels Miley Minnesota. It feels very different. Pepperdine was obviously her beachy because it's a Malibu. Pepperdine felt bigger. Pepperdine did feel a lot bigger. So Azusa was definitely so different from Pepperdine. Azusa was a lot more shaded, I guess, is the right word. It kind of reminded me of Minnesota because there's just so many trees. They have two campuses. So we had to drive for part of the tour, which I don't know. I feel like it's kind of nice to just have walkability. That's not a word. That's definitely not a word. It was just super peaceful. I feel like. I don't know if that's because there wasn't a lot of kids on campus when I was there. It is also a Christian school like Pepperdine. Now it's time for the final school, which is Chapman University. Chapman, I did tour with my friend Alexa. I didn't really get an intro for this one. Let's get into it. I'm going to start by this next time. I'm going to start by this time. It's so peaceful. Okay guys, so we're in the middle of the tour. We didn't get lost this time. And this tour is different because when I went to Pepperdine and Azusa, it was on break so there were no students. So it's nice to see with students on campus. So this is the main part of campus and I've seen this in all the YouTube videos that I've been watching. It was just so pretty. The palm tree. Oh, you should go here. I'm like, I'm really excited. So Chapman was actually the last school that I applied to. I had it heard of Chapman before doing all this college research. I loved how Chapman was super walkable again like Pepperdine. Also I forgot to say Chapman had a really cool area. There was a downtown area in Orange. So there's a lot of restaurants and stuff. Obviously all three schools, they're not huge schools. I didn't really want a huge, huge school. So yeah, those are all the tours I went on. There's obviously so much more to each school that I talked about. I was kind of just telling you guys my immediate reactions and impressions to each school when I saw their campus. In next week's video, I'm going to go a lot more in detail about why I chose the specific school that I did and obviously me getting the emails, whether I was accepted or not. Comment below if you guys have an idea of where you think I decided. I love you guys. Thanks so much for watching and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.