 Hey guys, it's Sid and welcome back. I'm gonna be back. No. The funny thing with this video is I've been trying to film this for the past month. And every Monday I forget to film my outfit, but I've remembered this time. I am going to be showing you guys my college outfits for the week. I'm starting with a blank slate. You know, when I was in high school, yes, I would set my outfits out the night before. Do I do that now? No. To be honest, my outfits really highly dependent on my mood. Mondays are usually a strong start for me because it's like start of the week. I'm actually motivated. I don't know, I kind of want to do something casual streetwear vibe. These jeans I got thrifting. I love them so much. They're these Levi's. See, I kind of want to wear like a baggy t-shirt. My friend actually gave this to me. The colors on this are so fun. Ooh, if I were converse with this and the jeans. Yes, this is the vibe I was trying to go for. I do feel like this definitely needs some jewelry though. I love a big statement chain, especially with an outfit like this. So I have this new necklace that I got from Dior. I also want to wear some hoops. I really like these ones that I also just bought. My ring that I always wear. Also, I know I don't have nails on and they look horrible. I actually really like how my vision came together. Here I am again, running late to class. Okay, I got this. Anyway, so I don't have the point of doing anything these but, there's no point of holding on to me. So, wherever I'm heading right now, today is my second. Well, great. Look at this dress, this one's great square. It's big, but the thing I decorate here is the jeans that I got. I still make fits like this really cute with some jewelry and stuff. So this company called Story sent me a black sports bra and black leggings. To make this kind of cute, I'm gonna put on this. I've had this sweatshacker for so long. It's a cropped white one from Brandi. When I was at the Melrose Trading Post last Sunday, I got this, it's this giant cross necklace. I know this is not the cutest fit this week. Also, I know that the sliding socks are gonna cause some controversy. I am about to work out. You know, this is a very modified workout. I'm literally wearing slides like I definitely, it should be wearing tennis shoes, but I'm a little bit worried about it. So I'm gonna put on this jacket. I'm gonna put on a jacket like this. I'm gonna put on a jacket like this. I'm gonna put on a jacket like this. I'm gonna put on a jacket like this. I'm gonna put on a jacket like this. It should be wearing tennis shoes, but I'm just gonna do it for like 20 minutes probably. I just wanna get a little workout in. Good morning, you guys. Happy Wednesday. I have class today. You guys know the drill. Also, do you see that over there? That's my graduation gown. I think I'm so emotional about it. I have three classes today. And I actually have a presentation one of them. She told us we didn't have to like dress up for it, but I don't wanna like wear sweats. You know what I mean? I'm kinda thinking a button down vibe would be good. I got this thrifting actually a couple of years ago. Maybe I wear like a nice white tank top. See, no, that's cream. All right, I'm gonna try this. I think this will be good. Underneath this if it's unbuttoned. And then I kind of want to wear shorts because it's actually really hot today. Whenever I self tan, I have to take advantage of the fact that I can actually wear shorts. Not that I can't, but I just hate wearing shorts when I'm so pale. I have this pair of Levi shorts. Then I also have these Zara ones. I feel like these are kind of, no, they just look nicer. I'm gonna try this. This is definitely more of a corporate professional fit. Since my hair has grown out, I kinda like to do my cloth clips like this. I definitely wanna wear some big hoops with this, but I'm gonna throw on this coach bracelet. My mom actually got this for me for Christmas, and I love it, it's so pretty. Okay, I'm wearing my very dirty Nike Air Forces that I do need to clean urgently. It's pretty bad. Anyways, I'm about to be late. And I have a presentation, so I actually cannot be late. I need to go, okay. Okay. Good morning, actually. Good afternoon. It's 3 p.m. I actually have an event tonight in LA. I'm going to a dinner with a brand, so I want to dress up for it, obviously. I laid out my outfit options, and I don't know which one I wanna wear, but I feel like once I put them on, I'll be able to decide. So these are my two outfit options. The first one is this mini skirt from Amelie, Tige, and then this off the shoulder top. The other option is this. Let me just try the mom for you guys, and then we'll decide. Well, to be honest, I'm the only one deciding because this is not live. So, something about this just doesn't, isn't working for me. I don't know if it's because this skirt is so short, and then this is off the shoulders. I feel like it just doesn't bounce well. Wait, honestly, I actually really like this with the jeans. Let's just scratch the red top. Okay, so I decided to add a little bit of jewelry. I also have been loving wearing these heels, especially with jeans. I feel like it just dresses up any fit. I'm also bringing this purse. I really like to like switch up my purses, and this definitely needs a little bit of color, so... I'm trying to fall in love with you. I knew it was so exciting. Okay guys, I'm at 10 am. I'm with you. I'm with you. I'm with you. I'm making my... and that's just not my baby. I'm not your baby. I'm like my new friend. We just met. Okay. It's the best day of the week. Friday baby. I don't have class today. I know homework either. What I've learnt, like, a house I might could be doing, but I'm not gonna do it. My friends, I have been planning to go to this wine bar for so long. So here I go again. What to wear? What to wear. I'm thinking either this top, which I just got yesterday at the Threadup event. Otherwise I might try this. It's this long sleeve mesh top that I got from Urban Outfitters a little bit ago. I kind of like the black one. The black one's like a statement. I'm just feeling really bored today, and I want to stun all my haters. I'm just kidding. Let's try this black one first. Okay guys, I'm just not sure. This feels too much. I thought I would look really cute with these low-waisted jeans. It's very Y2K. I like it. I think it's cute, where we're going. This is too casual. Okay, up to, I'm running so late. But I decided on this top. Oh, I need to run the necklace. Oopsies, I'm so late. We are going to the wine bar. I finally got my outfit on. I'm going to the... Really? Really? I do, I'm usually the last one. Yeah. Where I went to Vegas. No. So guys, we're at dinner. Well. It's like, did they not know I'm filming? We're on our way to dinner. So I'm wearing this top. Like we talked about, I'm wearing the low-rise Y2K jeans. I got them on Deepop. It's got these last night at the Threat Up event. They're Chloe. Can you get my model lock on camera? Start a stat, light, smeg it, smeg it in the air. They cheat for me. And then it's in the... God, you got wine, lights. She goes to rat dinner. Ashley is drinking her wine. Lots of it. Ashley is drinking her wine. Bill is so classy. He's a cat house in New York. Wow, do you have a house in New York? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.