 Hi guys, what's up? It's Sid. Welcome back to my channel. I thought it'd be fun for this week's video to have my scrunchies pick my outfits for a whole week. So basically I'm going to pick a scrunchie blindfolded, but I thought this would be so much fun. I really love scrunchies. If you didn't know, I'm really obsessed with scrunchies. But I never really do it where my scrunchie chooses my outfit. It's always, I just wear what I want that I match a scrunchie to it. So I thought this would be so fun. I am going to be picking these scrunchies blindfolded. Well, not actually blindfolded, but I won't look. I promise. Okay, so I hope you guys like the video. I thought it would be super fun. Let's just go ahead and get into it. Hi guys, what's up? So it is currently day one of the scrunchie video. Basically I have my whole bowl of scrunchies right here. All right, so basically I'm just going to turn away and pick a scrunchie without looking. Obviously. Also this chair is so squeaky. I hate this chair. Sorry, anyways. I really heard it. Oh, this is actually so pretty. Okay, so I guess I picked the light green scrunchie. This is a very interesting color. I think it's actually so pretty though. Okay, so what do I do for today? Feeling flustered recently. It's actually pretty warm out today. So I'm thinking short sleeve. I'm trying to like play off of the colors for the scrunchies. Okay, the only thing I can think of is in this top there's like a little bit of green. It's not the exact shade, but I feel like because it's such a small amount of green, you wouldn't really be able to tell. I mean, at this point, this is like really my only option. Okay, I'm gonna change really quick and I'll see you guys in a second. I kind of look like I'm 12, but then again, I like always look like I'm 12. So okay, so here is my outfit for today. So I basically have on these black jean distressed shorts. And then for my top, as I showed you guys earlier, I'm just wearing this cropped little tank top with these black spaghetti straps. That's what they're called, right? And then as for shoes, I'm just wearing what is this doing? Why is it me? Guys, my parents are so ratchery now. I'm so sorry. And then as for shoes, I'm just wearing these little black slides. And then of course, I have my little pastel green scrunchy. Like I said, there's a little bit of green in here. It's not like the best matching skills ever, but considering like what I have in my closet, this was pretty much like the best I could do. And then I'm also just wearing this little 2000 necklace, because that's the year I was born. But I'm currently on my way to hang out with my friend Alexa. We're gonna go shopping at one of our favorite stores in LA. So I'm super, super excited. So I'll take you guys along with me, kind of get her reaction on my outfit. Hi sis. Hi sis. It's so blurry. Ah, she's so. Oh. I'm doing a video where I match my scrunchies to my outfits. So today's scrunchy, I chose this blindfolded. Then I matched it with this outfit. What do you think? I mean, it kind of matches, but do you want the matching match? Because you couldn't want like all green. That's what I was thinking, but I don't have any green. I'm zero green. Oh. What do you rate it? I was going to ask it one time. Oh, this is always very honest with me. I would rate it honestly like a four. I'm 10? Yeah, because it does. I mean, it matches, but like, okay, well, you know, at least you're honest with me. If you sis, you know, I'm just an honest friend. Well, actually just a real one for real. For real. For real one. One. All right, you know what time it is. All time. That was like the most unenthusiastic. There wasn't a big selection. It's the last day of the sale. You know what? This would have been perfect with my scrunchie. It would have been. Yeah. Oh my god. Changing tuna. Should I? Okay. Well, this is the only thing I got. I got this cute little vintage tee. Oh my gosh. I didn't even realize that when I was buying it. Okay, I changed my answer to a 8.5. It was. It was because it does, man. Oh my god. Yes. Yes. We love that. Okay, guys. So I got back from shopping with Alexa a little bit, but a little bit what? I wanted to quickly end off the day with my recap on my outfit. Should I just say you guys down here? I think like Alexa said, this outfit was definitely not my best matching skills. Work. I think it was just so hard because I literally don't have anything in my closet. That's this color. Like I bet if you guys look in your closet, it's like this is just not a very common color to wear at least for me personally. What's so funny is the shirt that I actually got at LF is so perfect. Like that goes so much better than this. But overall, I'm going to rate today's outfit like a four out of 10. But yeah, I think that's going to be pretty much all for today. So I will see you guys tomorrow. Hi guys. Welcome to day two. I have my gloves scrunchies ready to go. This is literally just the most aesthetic thing ever. Did I just drop one? Oh, okay. We have purple today. I don't know what I can do with this. I feel like there's so many different things I can do with this. Let me check my closet. Today, I'm not really doing anything crazy. I'm honestly just editing a vlog all day. But I think in a few hours I'm going to go to Taco Bell. So basically I'm wondering what I should wear to Taco Bell. Throw the drive through. Honestly, I feel like the best decision is to wear this hoodie because they're so different. The purples that I actually think they would complement each other. I'm going to put this on and I'll see you guys in a second. All right, so I just changed it to the outfit. If my eye is like twitching or looks like it's watering. It's because I just punched myself in the eye. When I was trying to put my sweat dread on, it's really in that situation. All right, so this is the outfit. As you can see, I have my purple scrunchies. And then with this hoodie, I think it actually goes really well. And I love how they're like different shades of purple. And then I just have my leggings on. This is just a super chill outfit. Like I said, I pretty much live in hoodies and leggings. So this is like the best outfit ever. So I think the next time I talk to you guys, we'll probably be when I go to Taco Bell later tonight. So I'll see you guys then. All right, guys. So it's a few hours later. I've just been working in the editing. And now it is time to reward myself. With some good old Taco Bell, maybe. Honestly, I think I'm just going to throw my hair in a low pony. It's just so much easier at this point. All right, guys, we made a Taco Bell. Guys, I'm just really hungry. I think I'm so excited. Can I have the Pruntrap Supreme? Why did I think it was going to be like $2 from my Taco Bell? Do they like up their prices? Thank you so much. Thank you, too. So let's do a little Taco Bell haul. I got this Crunchrap Supreme. It's basically lettuce, tomato, tortilla. It has a lot of carbs. Taco Bell, you've done it again. All right, I've just been eating my Taco Bell for a few minutes. And then I was FaceTiming my friend. But I just wanted to kind of conclude today's scrunchy outfit here. I honestly really like it. I feel like the purple together are just so pretty. And it's just such a casual outfit. But I feel like it was perfect for everything that I did say, which is just nothing on my computer. I think I'm going to reach today's outfit in 8 out of 10. But yeah, I'll see you guys tomorrow for day three. What's up, guys? So it is now day three. I have my scrunchy bowl here, so let me just like get into it and pick my scrunchy for the day. Oh gosh, I hope this goes well for me. Okay, I have a yellow scrunchy. All right. You know what? Yellow is actually a pretty color. Just depends how I wear this. I'm going to have to be very strategic. Let me see what I can do with this. I'm already like so confused about how I'm going to use this. All right, so in my closet, yet again. Now I'm not blurry. The first thing I see, which this is like the only yellow thing I have, but I feel like this is just way too much. I don't know, actually. Is this too much? Or is it like kind of cool? I did wear this sweatshirt yesterday in the purple color because I have like 10 colors. I should also mention that tonight I'm going to movie with my friends. So I want to be comfortable for that. So I feel like this actually like a hoodie would not be a bad idea. I just like don't know. Just like two in times. Okay, don't hate me for doing the same outfit twice. Just different hoodie colors, but I think I'm going to try this with the lights and just see how it looks. So I'll be back in like two seconds. All right, hoodie is on. Now time for the scrunchy. All right, hoodie and the scrunchy are in. Let me just go see how this looks guys. Ooh, wait, I actually kind of like this together, guys. I don't know why I thought this was going to be so crazy with the scrunchy and the hoodie together. Well, I guess this is going to be stays out with then. This is actually perfect because like I said, I'm going to the movies, so I want to be comfortable. I'm sorry that I'm wearing the same hoodie twice. It's different colors. I just feel like it works so well together. And especially for what I'm doing, I don't want to be like uncomfortable. All right, guys, so it is a little bit later. I hate this lighting. Like this is just not it. I'm currently at my friend's house and we're all meeting here. I basically were going to go to a movie tonight. Today I was just working and doing some stuff on my computer. But yeah, me and my friends are going to see toy stories. That should be super fun. I want to see the reactions to my outfit and like scrunchy coordination. So I'm going to take you guys with me and we'll see what they say. Why does this look like? So I'm just staying free. Just standing there. Yeah, let's go. Oh, okay, there we go. It's a bit. I can't lose. It's okay, we don't want to discriminate. Yeah. What do you think of my outfit and scrunchy together? Well, I have a freaking set. I'm sitting like a dispatcher. A dispatcher. That was the favorite deal. You're like, oh my god, I have something short about my outfit. Look at this batching, it's my shoes here. No, my video is my sprunchy. It picks my outfits for a week. Oh, so you blindfold like this and you have the mesh. Exactly. Oh, that's kind of cute. All right, so let's get it. I'm sitting here always a tan, my figure. Oh, thank you, Craig. Maybe an 11 in the good day. What? Wow, thank you. She's like so nice. Thank you for your input. All right, this looks like a fun thing. You're just like his bun. Ready to come here? You're coming. What's in your channel again, honey? It's a bigger view. It's a bigger view. What? Yeah, it is. It's not so sarcastic either. What do you think about my outfit? You really like it. Do you like me matching skills? I love it. Heather, you have a franny pack on. Well, no, I'm doing a video where my sprunchy picks my hoodie. Or my fixed-eye outfit. Wait, what? I picked a random scratchy and then I had to match it. Yeah, oh, that's kind of cute. You like it. Hi, approved. Because of the franny pack on. Yeah, you like it. Where'd you pull that out of? Okay, so we're at the movies. We're at the movies just us by ourselves. No one else. No, there's like 10 other people. There's 10 people right there. So basically, what do you think about my outfit? I think it's fresh. I think it's hip. I think you've got an LA and you've sold out. She is. She is. She is. Awesome. I like your outfit. I think it's color coordinated. That, that, you got the franny pack with the black pants. You can't really tell. She's wearing pants. What? I didn't hit you. I didn't. It looked like I didn't hit you. I'm bleeding. You think dramatic. I'm bleeding. No, it's cool. What is it supposed to be? It's her video where my sprunchy picks my outfit for me. It's not taking me. What do you mean? Like you just scrunchy and then you have to do it. That's exact same color. So you're doing good. Thank you, Bobby. You're doing good, sister. Thank you, brother. See you. Okay, bye. Stream on you. Hey guys. So I just got back from the movie. We actually ended up seeing a toy story which was seriously the cutest thing ever. Overall, I think the outfit today was really cute. I'm gonna write today's outfit a nine out of ten. But yeah, it's gonna be all for today. I'm gonna go to bed. But I will see you guys in the morning. Oh, that's so messy. Love how I just shoved everything in the corner so you can't see my mess. You guys already know what I'm doing. So I have my bowl of scrunchies. It is time to select a scrunchie. It's so weird because you guys see what I choose before I even know what I get. Oh my gosh. Okay. This one or this one? This one's off. Can I get this one? Okay. It's actually kind of cute. I actually kind of enjoy this color. So my life was scrunchy for the day. I need to figure out what I'm gonna wear. Today's actually gonna be pretty low key for me. I'm gonna head down to the pool. All right. Here we are in my closet. Oh, why is it so messy? I don't know why this happens every time. So obviously since I'm going to pool, I wanted to wear a swimsuit. And I was thinking I could wear a suit with shorts and kind of like match it up all cute. Obviously with the scrunchie. My swimsuits are down here. Oh my gosh. This one is so cute. Okay. I actually just got this. And it's this little white and black two-piece swimsuit. And then that way I can make these scrunchy be like the pop of color for this outfit. Okay. Now for shorts. I don't know. I have a few different pairs of shorts that I could wear with this. I could wear these jean shorts. Or I could wear these white jean shorts. And I also have black. I really don't know. Actually, I do know why it is. I'm gonna change quick. So I'll see you guys in a second. Ta-da! So I have on my little swimsuit outfit with my shorts. I'm actually going to quickly throw my hair up in these scrunchie. I have on my outfit for today. And this is what it looks like. Under this I am wearing my swimsuit bottoms. If I decide to go swimming. And then in the back as you can probably see, I'm wearing my scrunchie. And just this loose pony. And I feel like together it actually goes very well. I'm really proud of this. For jewelry I decided to throw on this little bracelet that says honey on it. I got it from Brandy Melville. And I just think it's so cute. I feel like it goes well with the whole outfit. But yeah, I'm going to head down now. I've actually been going to the pool a lot more recently. And not even just to go swimming. I like to go just because it's very relaxing. So let's go to the pool and I'll see you there. I'm just hanging up at the pool and I stopped and got my favorite lemonade ever. I just needed to show you guys. It's the best. My hair is kind of falling out a little bit, but I actually really like having just like a loose ponytail. I'm actually going to be listening to an audiobook. This video is sponsored by Audible. So thank you to them for working with me. You don't know what Audible is. It's basically an online audiobook service. And there's tons of different audiobooks on there that you can listen to. I've actually listened to a few different self-help audiobooks in the past. They're all about motivation. And like hard work chasing your dreams. So the one that I'm actually going to be listening to today is called Fear Not Dream Big and Execute It's by Jeff Meier. One of my friends actually recommended to me that I listened to it. But it's written by a Christian author and he implement God's Word into the book which I think is so cool because if you guys didn't know I'm Christian. So I'll definitely keep you guys updated how it is. But I did want to mention if you guys are curious and want to try out Audible, you can actually get your first audiobook free and two Audible originals for free when you try Audible for 30 days. You can go to audible.com slash sinisrayna or text sinisrayna to 500 500. If you want to get the deal while it's still going on, if you have going to listen to this now I'm super super excited. Oh! All right guys so I just got back from the pool. I decided not to go swimming yet again because the kids out there were actually screaming that there was a bee in the pool so I didn't really want to risk getting sung. 5b. But it's still super nice to just chill and listen to my audiobook. Again I just wanted to mention if you guys want to use my code, you can text sinisrayna to 500 500 or go to audible.com slash sinisrayna and then you can get your first audiobook for free and two Audible originals for free. Also I should mention if you don't know what Audible originals are, they're actually exclusive audio titles created by storytellers. But as far as I recap on my scrunchie and like my outfit in general, my hair is literally a mess. It's so messy. But I really did enjoy this outfit. I really like the white shorts with the top and then this scrunchie just adding the little accent of color. I think made the whole thing look so good. I think if I had to rate today's outfit I would give it a 9 out of 10. I really liked it. I think it's so cute and fun. But yeah that's going to be all for day four so I will see you guys tomorrow for day five. So it is now the last day of my video. My friends are coming over for a little girl's night for today. So I'm going to pick up my scrunchie now for my outfit. Oh my gosh. I got the Gucci scrunchie. I feel so bougie with this. This is not real by the way. This was just sent to me by a company so I don't even know where this is from exactly. But um let's go find an outfit. I feel like this is the most bougie scrunchie that exists. I can't believe I actually pulled it. I wanted to pull it so bad. All right so girl's night vibes. I feel like girl's night is very casual. I feel like all the days this week I've dressed so chill. Ooh what if I did all black? Kind of golf vibes. I mean I'm kind of down for it. Maybe if I did this oversized vintage Eagles tee with the scrunchie. Okay I'm gonna change really quick so I'll be back in a second. Okay outfit is on. I feel like this is kind of cute. My hair is kind of messy. But this is the outfit. This is like so dark because I usually always wear like a lot of color I feel like. But I do like this. I feel like it's a lot of black though. It would be nice if I had like light wash jeans. What since it's just like a girls night like I said. I don't really want to like wear jeans. I feel like the scrunchie goes pretty well. But I do like this look. I think it's so cute for girls night. So I have to go to Target Quick to grab a few things before girls night. And then I'm gonna get my friends and get the reactions to my outfit and scrunchies. So I will see you guys in a little bit. All right here's the tea. Sisters. Oh. Okay so we're having a girls night. Nessa's. Nessa. Basically I'm having my scrunchie hit my outfit for me. I had to like base my outfit off the scrunchies. This is my scrunchies. You guys see it? Oh my god. This is a Gucci. It's Gucci. You're a Gucci. You're a Gucci on? No I don't have Gucci on. You're wearing your Gucci purse today. Oh my god. Why are you doing this? Guys just saw the whole video over. What do you write in my outfit? So like matching skills. Honestly? I mean it's just black and white right? It's 10. Because it's pretty black. Oh I know it matches exactly like the colors on here. I get that in colors on here. I give it a 9.5. Because you know when you showed up done? You should have gone on the Gucci store and gone on a black Gucci t-shirt. So let's pretend it wasn't Gucci. Let's pretend it was just a random pattern. Yeah it like it goes really well. I can not believe you have a Gucci scrunchie. That is so bougie. It's an actual Gucci. And now that's not a company outfit. Oh. Maybe it's real. Maybe it's real. Maybe it's made lean. No way right now. Play it out. Okay guys so girl's night is now over. Tonight was so much fun. I do agree with Franny that if I had some sort of Gucci on that would have made his outfit that much better. I'm going to rate this outfit. I think an 8 out of 10. If I were Gucci with it then I definitely would have given it like a 10 out of 10. But yeah I'm gonna do the bed. So let me just cookie. I will talk to you guys when I'm more energy and I'm more awake. All right guys so that is going to be all for this week's video. I want to say that I'm sorry that I did so many like comfy athletic outfits. That's just like what I normally wear on a daily basis. Like as you can tell I dress pretty comfortable like 80% of the time. So hoodies are like what I live in. But I did try to switch it up a little bit. So I hope you guys still enjoyed it. Also don't forget to follow me on Instagram if you want to see more of my life. But I really hope you guys liked this video. I love you guys so much. And until next time. Peace. Okay bye guys.