 Actually, I'm pretty good. Hey guys, it's Sid and welcome back. So for those of you who didn't see my last video or who don't follow me on Instagram, you should follow me by the way. I hate self promo. I just think it's weird. Basically, I moved to New York and I'm living on my own in a little studio apartment. But you may be noticing something about my apartment that there's no decor. And I hate it. I hate that I don't have any personality in here right now. It just feels so bland. So that's what I'm gonna be doing today. I'm gonna really try to elevate my apartment and make it more me. I guess I should probably show you guys what my apartment looks like right now, kind of like before I decorate it. So this is what it looks like. I have my bed over here. Then I have my little kitchen over here. I'm in a studio. I was like dying. People on my last video. There was some of my commented, why is her bed next to her kitchen? This is a studio. If you don't know what a studio is, it's basically just like a large room. My bathroom's in here, which is like a wreck right now. Anyways, I'm gonna go first get coffee in a bagel because I'm in New York City. Like why would I not do that? Also my fridge broke so I don't have any groceries. So I actually went to this exact coffee shop yesterday. I met this girl here and it was my first time there and it was so good that I need to go back. I can't stop thinking about the bagel I had. So here's the thing. I went to that coffee shop for the coffee but also this bagel that I got was so mesmerizing. I went there and they didn't have it. They were all sold out. That's my first world problem of the day. I obviously needed to eat breakfast so I went to this other bagel shop and I just got this everything bagel. And this is still really good. Like I will say bagels in New York are better. The first area I want to start with is above my bed. This little wall and I have this specific idea. I actually saved on my Pinterest board. Pictures of record players on floating shelves. It looks so cool. And yes, I am no longer being on Pinterest which is so exciting for me. Being banned was probably the worst month of my life. So I'm going to start hanging these floating shelves. I got these on Amazon. They're just like acrylic little clear shelves. It shouldn't be too hard. I'm also though horrible at assembling things. It's going actually pretty good guys. Basically I'm just hanging these with this 3M command strip stuff. The only thing I'm worried about is because I'm not using the nails that it comes with is if it's going to actually stay up. I don't know why I foresee these falling in the middle of the night when I'm sleeping on my head. I'm like in like a deep dream and like this is a vinyl just comes crashing down on my head. Now it's the fun part when I get to actually put in all of the vinyls. Guys, why am I putting these with our fall down in a second? I put a vinyl in them. Oh my god, I'm so happy with how that turned out. But something really unfortunate occurred. That's so awkward. Like I don't even have to speak right now. You can just see what the problem is. That's so unfortunate. It looks so good. Except for the fact that I'm missing one, I'm googling record store near me because this is really going to bother me. It's very incomplete. Okay, so I got a record which I'm actually really excited to show you guys like the classical old record. Part of me regrets getting the records ahead of time. I would have loved to have like gotten all of them from there, but I got this. I'm not even going to try to pronounce it. This isn't the classical section and it's an orchestra ballet track. Some of you guys might know I play piano and I've just had this like newly found appreciation for classical music. It looks so good. I'm so happy. I also love to live a little bit of space for my headboard because my dad's going to be helping me put that in next week. Also you guys may be wondering where is the actual record player. And the thing is I don't have yet. My mom's shipping mind to me. So the next area that I want to decorate are these little like shelf things that I have. They came with my apartment to like cover the furnace, but it's kind of like a big part of my surface area in my room. So I clear everything off. I just have my pixel tablet up there because I like listen to music with that. Guys, I think somehow we're two for two. Like why is everything working out for me? Everything here is from Amazon. So underneath here I have two little books. So this is the Dior one and then there's the Chanel one. These two just go together really well and I think stocking them just looks so elegant. And then these two candles actually came in a set. And then over here I have this vase. I can't keep flowers alive. I decided to get fake ones. Now I feel like these are the most realistic looking fake tulips I've ever seen. Like they feel real. And I put water and even though obviously it doesn't need it, I just think it makes it look more real. I'm going to do the other one now which I think is going to be a bit simpler. Okay, this side is a lot less decorated. I just didn't have as much. Obviously the centerpiece is me and my best form Rachel. She actually gifted me that picture frame right before I left and moved to New York. When I was decorating those tables I got a call from Amazon and I missed it by like probably a minute and it was for the delivery of my mirror. So I was like, oh my god, wait, I'm going to run down and see if they're still there. They were there. The guys were like, you almost missed me. So they brought it up to my room. It's very large which is exactly what I wanted because I have this corner of my room and I thought the floor length mirror right here would just be perfect. Guys, I did it. It's really the perfect length and it just makes my room feel so much bigger. I really like it. The only thing is I don't know if I should put it over there. So I decided after a little bit of thought to try to move the mirror I just feel like it might actually look better in the middle of my windows. Also I was on FaceTime with my mom and she was like, Sydney, it looks bad there. So. Oh wow, this actually does look probably better. So mom is always right. I just took an app, guys, but like an hour. I'm back. I need to figure out a way to organize my skincare and makeup in my bathroom. I just have like no system right now. Like my counter space is just very messy as you can see. Basically what I'm doing on my hand is like little trays. I just thought this would be a good space because I definitely need it for like makeup and skincare and stuff. So I'm not really sure how I feel about this. I like it. They're just a little bit big. Like you can see it hanging off the edge a little bit. So I'm just going to for now fill them up with skincare and stuff. I basically just organized all of my makeup and skincare. Over here is mostly like the stuff that I use for skincare. I put some of my lip products here which this is like one of my favorite things ever. I got this on Amazon, this tray. And then over here I kind of have a lot of extra space which is nice. So once I get more makeup that I don't know where to put, I'll just throw it in here. I also clean off my sink area so that looks a lot better now. I also decided to add this bath mat which I feel like made my bathroom 10 times prettier. But yeah, it's basically everything that I did. I still have a few things that I want to fix up but I will keep you guys updated on that. It definitely feels a lot homey here and here though already. Thank you guys so much for watching. I love you so much and I'll see you next Sunday. Bye guys.