 Hi guys, what's up? It's sin. Today's video, I feel like we're getting quite personal to each other. Or at least I'm opening up to you. I have a problem, kind of. I am not the cleanest person. I just leave piles of clothes all around my living space. And the problem with this is that once one piece of clothing is on the floor, it just accumulates and then I end up with a mess like this. Since I've been knowing I'm going to film this video for the past few days, I've just been letting myself be even more messy than I normally am. But the deal is that it is currently 116 in the morning. And I leave for Hawaii in one and a half days. I have so much to do before Hawaii. And this is like the only time I can clean my apartment. I just want to say, mom, this video's for you. Hope you're proud. Alright, the first step is to show before and after. I'm like really nervous to just show you guys my messy side. I will say this is the messiest my apartment has ever ever been. It's never this bad. I'm not just saying that. Okay, here we go. I don't think you guys are ready for this. I don't think I'm ready for this. I'm so embarrassed. I know it's really freaking bad. This is the before. How do I let my closet get this messy? I cannot even see the ground. I'm really embarrassed. The rest of my apartment isn't as bad as my closet. I just have some piles as you can see. Pile number one, pile number two, pile number three, pile number four. Actually, this is for a good way. Pile number five. And then this is what my kitchen looks like. I'm not proud of it, but there's the before shots. So I decided to actually transport all of my clothes from my closet out to my bedroom. Because I feel like it's just easier to organize and fold the clothes in a bigger space because it's like so claustrophobic in there. It's so messy. I'm going to get a little bit of a oh Now to organize the shoes. I don't think it lets me when I fall. I have made progress on my closet. You can actually walk in here now and everything is pretty much organized. I like to kind of color coordinate my clothes. But I did go through and organize all of my drawers. Everything was seriously just like thrown in here before so it feels good to have everything organized. What's so funny is whenever I go through and organize my clothes, I always forget like how many pieces I have that were just like shoved in the back of my drawer. And it's honestly the best because then I remember to wear the clothes that I just like never wear. I'm now going to work on this tragedy. My goal is to do this in 20 minutes. So let's see if I can do that. So my bathroom is pretty much clean. It feels so good. The next step is to clean my floors. I finished cleaning my floor in my bathroom and my closet. Basically I still have to make my bed. I also have to pick up all of my bajillion piles in my living area and then I also still have to clean my kitchen. So I was like how am I going to do this? Like I just don't know how I'm going to stay motivated. So I thought it was a brilliant idea to go to Taco Bell. So I thought if I got some sugar in me, it will help temporarily and then until I crash again. So my socks and sandals are the only way to go. Let's just ignore the mess and the back. Actually, magic. I've only ever done this a couple times where I like go get food past midnight. Basically I just feel like a major body right now. I'll see you guys at Taco Bell. All right. We have arrived. There's some sketchy activity. Wait, what do I want? Why am I always like so nervous? Why am I like nervous? You know, winning down gets the crunchy cinnamon thingies. That's what I'm going to do. Hi, Harry. Good. I'm good. Thank you. How are you? I'm pretty good. Pass it out. Can I have a cinnamon twist? What sugary drinks do you recommend? I'll do that. Honestly, this drive is pretty lit right now. There's two cars ahead. Oh, and I was going to say there's someone behind me, but I'm like the only one. Thank you. I'm careful. Actually, I'm good. I don't even have water off. Thank you. I'm really indecisive. You guys know what time it is? It's time for a Taco Bell haul. So first things first, I have my Mountain Dew Baja Blast thing. And then I also have the classic cinnamon twist. These are the best thing ever. They have a lot of sugar. The only thing is that they're really cringy to eat. It's so loud. I will demonstrate. They're a little noisy, but they're yummy. Also I'm so mad because I have my reusable Starbucks cup with me. And I was just going to use my reusable staffamit so I don't have to use the ones that they give you. But I don't know where the heck the straw went. So I'm so sorry. I don't usually do this, but I have to try this freeze. I'm sure this is quite intense. I feel like I'm really drinking pop. So pop-dress tastes so different to me now. It's got the sugar factor that we need since I don't drink coffee and I can't get my energy that way. You know, I think this is a really good combo. You guys should go to your local Taco Bell, get these two together and we'll twin. I'm back. I'm back from Taco Bell. I'm feeling better. Alrighty. I can honestly feel the sugar kicking in. I feel like I'm getting my energy back. It is time to make my bed. Next step is tackling all of the piles. I'm going to do a little bit of the water. I'm going to do a little bit of the water. I'm going to do a little bit of the water. I'm going to do a little bit of the water. I'm going to do a little bit of the water. I'm going to do a little bit of the water. I'm going to do a little bit of the water. I'm going to do a little bit of the water. I'm going to do a little bit of the water. I'm going to do a little bit of the water. I'm going to do a little bit of the water. I'm going to do a little bit of the water. I just wanted to give you guys a little update. It is currently 3.15 in the morning. The sugar that I had from Taco Bell really wore off quick. Which is unfortunate because it helped me in the beginning. I only have one thing left and that is my kitchen. I've just been listening to music and also listening to Cody Coat because I'm obsessed with his videos. It always just helps like listen to something when you clean. It's kitchen cleaning time. Baby! Woo! I'm not doing well. I hate Cody food. I hate food. Oh my gosh. I never thought this day would come. The kitchen is now done. There's one more step that I have to do. Which is taking out my trash. I have this big box that I've been putting all of my trash into. And I need to go take this to my trash room which is down the hall. I'm a little nervous because my neighbors are right next to the trash room. And I have to be like really quiet. I have not had my apartment this clean in I don't even know how long. I also am like so sleep deprived that like I don't even know what I'm saying at this point. I guess this means it's time for the grand reveal. Here is the apartment finished cleaned reveal. Well guys, I think it's best we end this video right where we started it. I don't even know how I saved up this way. I just have to think talk about without them. I don't know if I would have made it. Hopefully this will motivate you guys to clean your room, your house, wherever you live. I'm so glad I did this. And I'm glad I've logged it. It was quite the experience and I'm now sleep deprived. If you're proud of me like this video, for me staying up till almost 4 a.m. I'm sorry if I had a lack of energy in this video but I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching. I need to go to bed. Okay. Bye guys.