 Hi guys, what's up? It's Sid. As you can already tell by the title, today I'm going to be dressing like Billie Eilish for a whole week. I have been working on this video, you guys, for two months now. Basically a month ago, I did a YouTube video where I dressed like Ariana Grande for a week. You guys loved that video and everyone was asking me to then do Billie Eilish's outfits for a week. And I thought that would be so fun because Billie and I have such different styles. If you don't know Billie Eilish, she's a very talented singer. So I thought I would basically replicate her outfits for a week because like I said, we're so different. I think it'd be so fun. Yeah. Oh my gosh, scared. So bad. Billie has said in some interviews that she dresses the way she dresses because she doesn't want to be made fun of or like critiqued for her body. So that's why she dresses so baggy and like oversized. And I just want to say that like I totally respect her for doing that, whatever she wants to do. I think it's super cool and if that's what makes her most comfortable, I'm not trying to like make fun of her in this video or anything at all. I'm a fan of her. I think she's so talented. I'm going to post some of the photos on my Instagram. So if you want to follow me on there, I will leave a link to it down below. It's just at Sydney, Serena. All right, so it is Monday today. I don't know if I said that. I don't. Did I say that? So today's outfit is this purple camo outfit. I'm going to change into this outfit. So I will see you guys in a sec. All right. So I have the first outfit on. It's just so funny because I never does like this. So I have on this basically purple camo top and bottoms. For jewelry, she has on some necklaces. So she has on this one Hana emoji. I don't know why I just said Hana. I please forget I said that. And then she also has two shoe necklaces and I actually think I got like the same exact ones. They look really identical to hers. For her shoes, she has on some pretty basic white high top shoes. I actually think hers may be designer because they have like a little red tag on them and those are supposed to be like, I think like designer clothes. What I did instead was I bought these little zip tie things and I was going to try to put one on myself. All right. So I have my little zip tie on. As you can see in the photo, her zip tie is like a little bit bigger than mine, but this will just have to do. I also forgot that she has a watch on. So I'm going to put mine on that I got. It's pretty much identical to her watch. Okay. It's a little big, but it's okay. So Billy has a very pretty hair color. It's like light blonde but almost like white. So I was like, okay, I have the same wig that I wore in the Ariana video if you remember that video. So I'm like, let me like try to use this and maybe cut it so it's like shorter. All right. So you know, it's a little uneven. Let's not talk about it. All right. So now we're going to be using the purple spray. She has like purple ombre hair almost I want to say. It looks like she's got like a chunk of purple, but that's okay. Oh my god. Oh my god. I look so different. Oh my gosh. This is so fun. I love being blonde. All right. So that is pretty much my outfit then. I think I'm pretty much ready. I'm going to be going to my friend, Andres right now and we're going to hang out for a little bit. We're also going to be taking pictures in this outfit. Look at you. I just like do the room. Is it like this? That's better. It's pretty bad. Let's turn it in front of this little purple paper and we're going to try to recreate the photos that Billie took. I think this is like a magazine cover or something and she's wearing this outfit. It would be really fun. That's the same change. Yeah, they're literally. Are they fake? Yeah. I'm going to. I was on like $2. All right guys. So I just got back from Andres. My wig is like it's totally. Yeah, it's just it's not on anymore. But yeah, I just got back a little bit ago. But for every cup of day one, I think it was so much fun. I really just embraced my inner Billie. I think my favorite and my least favorite part were the wig just because it looked so cool. But it was like so hard to keep it on my head as you guys saw. Also, my fingers are permanently purple. But I feel like her outfit overall was pretty like comfortable actually. Is it my style? No, whatever. Wear it. No. But I still think it was like kind of cool. I just wish I could pull it off like Billie could. But yeah, I'm just going to eat dinner now, hang out around my house, maybe watch some live feedie. My favorite shows you guys know. And I will see you guys tomorrow for day two. What's up guys? Welcome today too. So let me just let me just start off by saying, I think this outfit on Billie looks actually like really cool and sporty. But problem is, is that the shirt that I ordered is a little too large for me. Let me just stop stalling and let me show you the outfit. So this is the outfit. As you can tell, the shirt is a little bit into a little bit too big. But basically the shirt is like a jersey material and it has this little circular design on it. And then she also has a necklace on. So she has this gold chain. She's also wearing some silver hoops. And then the same gold watch that I wore yesterday have on today. And then as for her right hand, she has on this very interesting little like hand piece. I don't know what this is called for the pants. I actually got these from this girl on posh mark, but they're basically just yellow camo. And then they have this like little patch right here. And then for her shoes, these are so interesting. These are really tall boots. I went from like 5'3 to like six foot in these. I'm just kidding. No, but I definitely did get a little bit taller with these. And she has, as you can tell, one foot with yellow lace and one foot with white laces. So that's pretty much the look, but guys, I'm really gonna try to fix this top because it's just like, it's just way too big. So I'm gonna have my friend Alyssa help me. She's coming over and we're gonna try to fix it because it's just too big. So I bought these like chip clips and we're gonna try to clip them back. But also really quick, my hair, I just wanted to mention, she has hers in like little French braids, but they're like super loose. So I just did these pretty loose and natural. But yeah, like I said, my friend Alyssa's coming over and she's going to help me take a photo, we're gonna hang out and try to fix this shirt. That's not so big. Okay guys, I'm with Alyssa now. Say hey, she's gonna help me put on these chip clips. This dress is like becoming more ratchet as we fit. Because we're messing it up. I think we're messing it up. But that looks good. That looks good. Okay, I just can't really move my hand. Okay, I'm like a robot. So listen, I are now going to take a photo. Actually, the shoes are actually not bad. They're not hard to walk in is what I mean. Like they're actually like, because they're so thick, I think. They look like three seats. Wait, you should vlog. You should show them my chip clips from the back. Look. It looked bad. Yeah. Okay, so we just finished taking photos and this guy like walked up to me when I was taking the photos and he was like, I love your outfit. It's so cool. What else did he say? He said that the shoes, amazing outfit. Yes, he was a huge fan of the shoes, but he loved the outfit and that made me feel very happy that he liked it. So then we bonded over my outfit for like a couple minutes. But now we're gonna go shopping for a little bit and hang out. I feel like good though. So far, I just wanted to document my feet aren't even tired. I will say this is really annoying me this chain because like it keeps falling off. I don't know how her state arms so low. All right, so I just got back from shopping. I'm so tired. Today was so much fun though. I actually really did like the outfit. I think it was so different. The one thing I didn't like was this chain, but I do like the hoop earrings that she had in. I do wish that the top was a lot smaller. It's just not proportionate to my body. So it felt like really hot and like begging. But overall it was very comfortable and I'm just so glad that the heels were not like so stick thin because in my Ariana video, my feet killed me the whole time because her's like stick thin heels. If I had to rate this outfit, I feel like I would give it like a seven out of 10. But yeah, it's gonna be pretty much all for today. So I will see you guys tomorrow for day three. Hi guys, happy Wednesday. I am really tired. I don't know why I'm laying like this. Also, these necklaces are very heavy on my neck. Okay, I need to be able to breathe. Anyways, so I have on today's outfit. Obviously, these are all very different. What I would normally ever wear. But I feel like this one is like the most not me so far this week, which is what makes it so much fun to do this video. So this is the outfit. I don't even know what to say. It is so like just it's a lot. It's very like boom in your face. So the hoodie and the joggers are both studded. You can see they have like little jewel diamond things on them. And then she also has some chains in the photo. And then the shoes she has on these like I think these Jordans, but I just had these red ones that are high tops that looked pretty similar. So yeah, that's my outfit for the day. I am already so hot you guys. I don't know how she wears this. But the first thing I'm going to be doing today is just taking this picture actually. Alright guys, so it's a few hours later. I'm currently at the park slash library. And I'm taking some photos here. It's so beautiful. Yeah, I'm going to be taking some photos right now. I have on my outfit. I'm literally sweating. It is so hot. Also, the chains are very heavy on my neck. It's a little bit of an uncomfortable outfit. Not going to lie. But I'm going to take some pictures. So I'll say you guys up here so you can see behind the scenes. Alright, the pictures are now done. But I just really need to update you guys on these shoes. I cannot walk in these. And I really don't think they're even too big for me because like, my toes are pretty much pushed against the edge. I think it's just like the style of the shoes that they just like aren't like very tight on your ankles. I don't know. I don't really wear these types of shoes. I also just feel like I'm just, I don't know how to describe this. I feel like I am very bougie with this outfit. But I also feel like I'm not because it's just sweats and a hoodie. But then the studs and like the red makes it so fancy. I feel like I don't know. It's just like this outfit is confusing me. But yeah, I'm probably just going to head back to my apartment. I can't think myself seriously wearing this. This is just not my style. I feel so like out of my element. All right, so I just got back to my apartment. I really want to face time. My friend Bobby. Just because he has the funniest reactions and he is just going to die seeing me in this I think because it's just so not me. Hi Bobby, what's up? What are you doing? Just chilling. What do you think of my outfit? Is that gold chains? Yeah. It just dots on a red. No, they're little jewels. Are you a rapper now or what happened? What did you make say coming out? I'm Billie Eilish for a week. Oh gosh. I thought you were two bucks. Oh, so you think I look like a rapper? Yeah, you pull out the extra edge. It's Christmasy as well. Thank you. Should I make Shys put some bars? Yeah, go for it right up. All right, can you give me a beat? My name is Sydney. I am a... I don't know how to do that. I don't know how to do that. Wait, that's we will rock you. What beat do you want? My name is Sydney. I am a rapper. I am so cool. I look like... Sydney, it's hard to keep going. I'm turning red. You did good. Okay. Okay, thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Okay guys, so I just finished face-taming Bobby about an hour ago actually. And then I just ate dinner, but I wanted to quickly recap the day's outfit here. I took my chains off because I'm literally so heavy on my neck. I overall, I would rate this outfit a five out of ten. I first of all, I feel like the outfit on me, I just didn't look very cool in it at all. I feel like Billy looks actually cool. The chains, like I said, were also extremely like they were just like always in my way, and they really bothered me, I think just because they were so big. And then the shoes were just difficult to walk in. So it wasn't the best situation. It was still fun to try it. I just felt very out of my element, but I'm gonna go to bed. So I'll see you guys tomorrow from day four. Hi guys, what's up? Happy day four. This outfit, I don't even know what to say. I don't know. I don't think I've ever worn something this out there before ever. So this is the outfit. It's quite green, obviously. But on her shirt, she has this little logo, and it's a logo that she made. It's called a blush, I found out. But basically, it's just like this little stick figure, and it's on her shirt in the photo, but I couldn't find the exact shirt. So I just bought this one, and then when I take the photo, I'm just going to edit it on. And then for her pants, she's wearing these like windbreaker track pants almost. And then for her shoes, she's wearing these bright neon green shoes. And I'm so mad because they ordered shoes that were so similar to hers, but of course, they like never showed up. I don't know where they are. Who knows, where are my $40 went? But I just went to them all earlier today and grabbed these as like backups. And then for the best part of this outfit, I have my green blush. This is the little character that I was talking about. That's like her little logo trademark thing. And she was holding it in the photo like this to the side. And I just think this is like the funniest thing ever. So basically, hers was handmade, I guess, that one of her fans. And you can't buy these anywhere, so I went on Etsy. And this girl made this for me. Handmade, I showed her the picture of billies. And she made this for me. So it all came together very well. Okay? Hi guys, so it's been a little while since I last vlogged my outfit. I've really just been chilling, honestly. Hanging out around my apartment. So I haven't really done too much. So Alexa and I want to hang out tonight and kind of just have a little chill Girls Night. But yeah, I'm going to head to Alexa's now and get her reactions to my outfit. I'm so, so excited. This is the edge is gonna react. I'm so excited. This is the edge is gonna react. Okay. Wait, what do you think of my outfits? I actually really like it. You do? Yeah, I like the line green. Yeah, it's very belly. You definitely would not wear that. Feel like you're very neutral with your stuff. Yeah. Anyways, I'm glad you approve of my belly outfit. We're gonna book flights right now. Are you ready? Yes, let's book these flights fam. Ooh. Oh. Haha. Oh, that's cute. That's cute, man. That's cute. That's cute, man. Guys, we're going to in July. We can also back to July. Oh, my god. I'm so excited for five years now. So I just got back from Alexa's. We booked our flights. So that's really exciting. Stay tuned on my Instagram to see where we're going. Overall, I honestly didn't like totally dislike this outfit. I do wish that I had like some sort of logo on here. I think this outfit got the most like double takes because a lot of people were like turning around and like looking at me because this is such a statement outfit. So I'm gonna read this outfit a six out of 10 just because this is not something that I would like ever really wear. But I think it was fun for a day. I am so exhausted. So I'm gonna go to bed and I will see you guys tomorrow. All right. Hello, you guys. Welcome to day five. This outfit has actually quite a story behind it. Basically, I bought one of these pieces at Nurse's Clothing Store. It was actually this jacket that I'm going to be showing you. But basically her jacket is literally like a nurse's lab coat kind of sort of look. So I just went to the Nurse's Clothing Store this morning and they had one that looked just like hers. Let me just say, okay, I just need to start out by saying these pants. I have never worn tighter pants in my life. I cannot hardly move in these. Anyways, so starting from the top, Billie has a bucket hat on for this photo and there's a little logo on it that says Brassie Studios and I tried to find the exact one, but they don't have any. So I'm just going to have to edit that on but going on to her little t-shirt. So this, I actually made it myself on this website where you can like make your own t-shirts because in the picture, you couldn't really tell what it was but it was basically just like a black square. So I just went on Google and I found this picture of like dark clouds. I don't even know if you can tell it's what they are. I also have for pants like I was saying these are so tight. They're basically like cargo pants, I guess, and they have these little clip buckle things on them. So it has a pretty, I would say like industrial look. And then for shoes, I'm just wearing these little white shoes to go with it. And then for rings, I actually have to put on a few more but I just put on some big statement rings because she has some like statement rings on her fingers. So yeah, that is pretty much the outfit for the last day. I am going to make myself some Cheerios. It's just what I want right now. Oh. Oh. All right, time to clean my apartment. I need to be a responsible doll. So let's clean. Hey. Hey. I too much on my plate. I'm showing on the lake trying to find a different faith. For you and me to agree and finally flee together. Find this never. So you guys probably can't already expect that obviously didn't enjoy the pants. The necklace was so big. I really can belly props, honestly, for being able to wear thick jewelry. Do you guys see this? That little thing is still on my jacket, oops. I think my favorite part of this outfit was just the bucket hat. It's just so classic and cute. Overall, I think I would rate this outfit a six out of 10. But yeah, I guess that's pretty much my recap for day five of Billie outfits. So I'm probably going to go to bed in like an hour because I'm already 7.58 and I'm very tired. So this grandma will see you later. Hi guys. So it is a beauty. Later after this video has been filmed. And I just wanted to give like a little recap on the whole week in general and what I thought of it. Some of the outfits I didn't love, but I do love how most of them were pretty comfortable. Overall, I think it was a fun video. Are these my typical outfits that I would normally wear? No. But was it fun to switch it up for a week just to make a video out of it? Yes. I do want to say that I did post most of these photos on my Instagram. And you guys literally picked up on it. The second I posted the first photo, you guys just picked up on it right away. And I got so many comments saying that you guys thought I was recreating Billie's style. You guys are so good at that. Like I don't understand how you guys always know. Every time I do something, you guys are always so on top of it. If you do want to follow me on my Instagram to see all the pictures, I'll have a link to it down below. It's just at Sydney, Sarayna. And that way if I do another video like this, you can be one of the first to know or guess who I'm recreating or a style I'm replicating. Also, if you aren't subscribed, make sure to click the subscribe button down below and also turn on the notifications. So that way you can be notified when I post a new video. But thank you guys so much for watching. I really hope you liked this video. But I love you guys, see you in the back and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.