 Hello, huh? Hi, this intro is making no sense at all. All right, you know what? I'm just gonna start. So today's video. I'm going to be dressing different aesthetics for a week I went on my Instagram story a few days ago and I asked you guys what videos you wanted to see I actually saw this video requests right here dressing different aesthetics for a week It just jumped out of me. I thought it was so fun. You know, I like just put you on my style. I like to Actually, I dress super basic I definitely don't do that enough. So you know, maybe that's the point of this video for me to branch out a little bit Try a few new different things. So the first day of this video. I'm going to be dressing as a soft girl Soft girls wear like a lot of light pink pastel colors and a lot of dresses and skirts Since I'm gonna be dressing like these aesthetics for a week I feel like it only makes sense to do my makeup and hair somewhat similar. I noticed soft girls go pretty Heavy on their blush. Also, they like the highlight. This is just my interpretation Oh my gosh, oops, I'm also gonna add some light pink eyeshadow Okay, so I have my e-girl makeup on. Oh wait, not e-girl I'm mixing up all these tic-tac girls. I actually really like it now. I just forgot what's where I have this This is just a super cute outfit and since they wear so much pink. I feel like this would actually be a good fit Let me see if I have anything else It's stuck. I mean, I could wear this you know going with a pink theme and you'd like a software What's here? I know to help me. All right, I think I've come to the conclusion decision. This is the best option I'm gonna put this on to see how it looks. I'll see you guys in a sec So I'm now dressed. I want to show you guys what I'm wearing because I actually decided to kind of abort my original plan. Can you even see this? No, that's a weird angle. Basically decided to put this Kruneck over top of the skirt I feel like it was just too dressy. I also decided to pair with it this really cute headband I'm gonna show you guys in front of my mirror. I feel like it'll just be easier to see I really actually don't mind the Kruneck with the skirt. I feel like it just spices it up a little bit I do love this headband though. I feel like this is perfect for the soft girl vibe for shoes I decided to wear these white sneakers. I feel like this is actually so cute I could actually see myself wearing this out It's actually kind of Valentine's Day vibes like this would be cute If you're going on a date on Valentine's Day to wear I'm single so I will not be doing that right? And I'm gonna go to Starbucks. I'm just gonna kind of take you guys along with me So now back home. I just wanted to give a final thought on today's outfit. I really did like it I feel like this soft girl has such a cute, unique aesthetic. I love the color pink So it works out well for me. But yeah, I'll see you guys tomorrow for day two Hey guys, so it is now day two of the video I actually just got back from I'm hanging out with my friends and we are about to go to lunch But I told them first I wanted to go to my apartment to change kind of like freshen up and then I'll meet them at the restaurant So basically I'm gonna put on the baddie outfit right now Basically, I feel like an aesthetic that I see a lot is like the Instagram baddie I'm like definitely non-Instagram baddie But I do have a dress that I feel like is perfect for this It's just very tight and it's super neon. You can see I'm gonna throw this on. I'll see you guys in a second Okay, I feel so fancy right now. I put on some shorts under it Obviously because better safe than sorry. I also throw on this little necklace. I feel like for my hair This camera is literally hanging out thread. I think it'd be cute to put up my hair in a ponytail Okay, you're gonna have to excuse my bed. It is not made Mom and I you're gonna hate that so this is what the outfit looks like I feel like this totally fits the Instagram baddie aesthetic the color and just like how tight it is in form fitting I actually really like it. I think it's cute my makeup is actually not too crazy I would do fake eyelashes or something because I feel like a lot of Instagram baddies have that But I actually had a little eye infection So I don't really want to mess with that at the moment Maybe I'll just throw on a little bit more lip color So the more fancy now I'm gonna go to lunch out with my friends. They do not know I'm going like this I'm super excited to see how they react Hi Hi, I'm dressing as an Instagram baddie And so baddie I love her I was like walking over here and it was like so hard to walk in It's like so sure I felt so uncomfortable I was walking over and like I just felt so self-conscious. You look cute I just feel out of my element Is it recording? It's recording. Hey, and so baddie You look so cute Perfect for the pumpkin patch It is very short but at least it covers things, you know I have to take like tiny steps It sums up if you think said has turned into the most epic in so baddie you've ever seen Ellie, bye. Okay guys, so I'm back from lunch now. I want to see my final update now this outfit I actually like it. I just felt very weird walking around and look like this just because I never dress like this I was just nervous that the dress is just gonna like fling up. I don't know Basically every time I would like try to walk it like scrunches up So it gets a little scary But if you like on like if I were to just take a photo in it in front of my mirror It's cute. Honestly, I give major respect to Instagram baddies Prodressing like this every day, but yeah, I'll see you guys tomorrow for day three Hey, welcome to it's a day three now. I think it is basically. I mean you're pretzel right now um Was like it today's aesthetic is something I've actually done once before I don't know if you guys remember this but like a few months ago. I Dressed as an e-girl. I did this whole e-girl transformation video and you know, it was fun I enjoyed it. I'm definitely not an e-girl at all. It's like the total opposite of my style I haven't really dressed like an e-girl since so I was like, you know what? I should bring that back and I should do it again for this video for one of the days of the week But I'm going to do it a little bit differently obviously. I'm going to still dress the part But I wanted to kind of switch up a little bit and wear different pieces than I did last time If you don't know what an e-girl is by the way It's basically a form of a TikTok girl I think that wears lots of black. I'm gonna change into my e-girl fit See guys on the flip side Oh my gosh that was the worst transition ever Okay, basically I'm wearing this tight turtleneck short sleeve and then under it I'm wearing this white and black stripe shirt for pants. Okay, I don't know guys these pants. I feel like I Don't know like are these eagerly? I feel like this is not cohesive as for makeup I actually already have a base makeup on first though. I'm gonna put on some eyeliner Next up, I'm gonna put on those little hearts that I did last time wait. I put them here Where did I put them? I forget I need to watch the video. Oh, yes. I put them right here I'm also gonna put on my black lipstick and being like flashbacks to when I did this Well, I guess you were a beanie. I have this necklace. I'm gonna put on Also, can't forget the hat Oh my god Guys, this just doesn't even look like me like who am I? All right, I'm gonna show you guys the full fit My mirror. Why do I keep forgetting to make my bed? All right, so here's my outfit Um, it's different. It's fun to like switch it up. I'm just like nervous to go. I'm probably this like never Just like this ever the thing is there's nothing wrong with it I feel like a lot of eagles pull it off like really cute. Honestly, I feel like the pants are not the best for this I was gonna go edit at a cafe So that's what we're gonna do and I'm going to edit in my e-girl fit. I'm about to edit actually this laptop So it is so just goes against what I'm wearing right now. Yeah, it's like opposite. This girl meets e-girl Okay, guys, so I'm now back home. I did take off my lipstick a little bit this outfit actually was nice It wasn't like super uncomfortable except for this choker is like so tight on my neck It is a whole different vibe, but like I said, I dress so different from this. I'll see you guys tomorrow Welcome back to my closet. So for today's aesthetic. I thought it'd be fun to do the visco girl But I thought it'd be fun to go all out and like fully Really bring out the visco on me. I'm trying to figure out which is like the most visco-y This is an option. I also have this which it is oversized But I just feel like this isn't colorful enough for visco girls. Oh, this might be actually the move This I feel like actually is the most visco. I'm not throwing this on. I'm gonna figure out what kind of shoes I want to wear So see you guys in a sec Oh Whoa, I will say this feels the most natural compared to all the other aesthetics that I've done This feels just like the most me. This is the outfit. I mean, it's not really an outfit. It's just a shirt But I am wearing shorts. So no need to fear basically I just went way overboard because I feel like if I'm going to be a visco girl for a day I need to be at my full visco girl state. So I have on scrunchy on my wrist just to make it more extra I also have on this shell necklace. Do you see how pale I am? That's sad. Also, I have my crocs on. I actually just got crocs like a couple weeks ago I actually don't hate it. I like visco things. So I'm not ashamed to be a visco girl I guess also by the way I didn't really do anything crazy for my hair makeup. This is just how I normally do it because if you think visco girls are pretty natural But yeah, I'm going to hit on my front today and take some pictures and I don't really know exactly what we're doing But I'll vlog it. Okay. What aesthetics is this look like? 80s. This looks 80s visco girl. Yes. Oh my god. Visco girl check. Sorry. How to do it. I have my visco aesthetic on That doesn't make sense. Okay, visco girl exits the car Okay, I feel like I should just say sks right now or not Ayo visco girl check Hey Hey guys, so I'm now back home from shooting. I changed out of my visco outfit just a little bit ago That's my dishwasher in the background It's really loud. It was fun while it lasted visco style never fails to disappoint I Wait, I said they're wrong visco aesthetic never disappoints Yeah, I'm actually going to be doing the outfit for the last day right now I'm gonna be kind of confused like well, it's not the next day yet. Here's the thing I'm actually going to a roller ring tonight with one of my friends. I've been there once before and it's so cute It's very retro. So I was like, you know what? I should have the last day of this video AKA night be an 80s inspired outfit. So I actually went to this 80s inspired thrift store this morning And I found this there. It's basically this windbreaker. It is more neon in real life I actually said a picture of this to my parents and they were like that is not that 80s like it doesn't look that 80s First let me change it to the outfit Okay, so I have one the windbreaker. I like it. I mean, it's not like super 80s I think it gets a job done since it's not like overly 80s though Like I feel like I could have done a little better. I am going to try and make it as 80s as I possibly can I'm going to crit my hair now. I know that in the 80s they wore their hair super voluminous I'm also gonna maybe wear like a little scrunchy. I'm also just wearing jeans by the way You can see I'm gonna do my hair quick I Have completed my look. I kind of have mixed feelings in the eyeshadow I definitely took a little bit of it off because the blue was a little intense for me I also put in some poop earrings. It's actually a vibe. I actually kind of like it Yeah, this is my outfit and then you can see my little scrunchy in the back. Why is my dishwasher so loud? Okay guys, we're at the roller ring. I'm with Payton. Hi, why did I say like that? Like Payton based on this video where I dress different aesthetics for weeks So like today is is 80s day. Hi, well you did tell me that oh Sorry, I think it's literally perfect. No, I love it Okay, so I'm now back it was so much fun guys I did almost fall like 20 times, but I never actually fell I know I'm surprised too. I wanted to wrap up the video here. It's actually midnight So look how's the bedding now But the video in general was just so much fun to make it kind of like confused myself Because I was dressing so differently every day if I had to say like my favorite aesthetic of the week. I would say this girl, but honestly I really enjoyed the soft girl look that was just so fun and like I just like the aesthetic of soft girls But yeah, I hope you guys liked watching if you want to follow me on Instagram Maybe I'll post some pics that I took I'll leave it linked below, but I love you guys. Thanks so much for watching Hope you enjoyed see you next bid. Yo, bye guys You