 Oh, yikes. Hey guys, basically I'm gonna be dying my hair just so like keep it simple. Why do I just talk for no reason? I'm dying my hair, but it's temporary. I've had extensions for like a year and I just got them taken out so I feel like I have like no hair. This, oh I think I know him. I'm also gonna be cutting my hair guys because the hair swans like cannot get me in to get it cut so I'm gonna cut my hair too. The dye is temporary but you know what I think it'll be fun either way. I'm honestly just getting kind of bored. Last week was a megal. This week is dying my hair. Bored on be like. Mask on. We look like we're about to ride the bank. You want some facial spray for the road? Well that's only on my eyes but I'm the mask is super protective though. You're welcome. We're in the target parking lot. We need some other things to like food and we're gonna get the dye when we're in there. We're gonna toilet paper too. Let's have it. We can only help. When I say ye, you say ha ye, ha ye, ha. So this is where we're at. Okay. That's what greasy hair. That's on quarantine check. So that's where we're at. I got the Uber Bliss. No. Cretchon. Uber Bliss. Bond, liner, and purple iris. And then I also got the Luriel color Ristus and my permanent color. I got both in case one of them fails. I feel like one of them will definitely fail. Maybe not though. I mean I should be optimistic. I'll dye it first and then cut it after. I haven't had a hair cut you guys in like over a year. The last hair cut I had was extremely traumatizing. She chocked off like seven inches when I asked for one. I probably want to cut off honestly a good four inches. I might change my mind. I'm gonna dye my hair first though. I'm gonna try with the purple because the tea was pretty but honestly I prefer the purple so okay enough talking. Let's get dyeing. Let's get into it ladies. I'm doing this. Oh yeah. It likes this dye in here too. I'm not actually doing dye. I'm doing like this foam stuff I found. It says sparkling shade lifting holographic foam. She said juggler. She said she's full of tricks. I'm not trick cereal. I'm not serious. I'm not talking to you. She's falling. And that's on fruit loops. Directions to use bleach hair. Bleach hair. I'm not gonna bleach my hair. Bleach no hair. Oh for maximum vibrancy. Apply it on clean dry hair. Leave it for 30 minutes. So sorry my hair looks literally disgusting. I gotta go way too much. This is so messy. Oh I was supposed to wear gloves. Oh yeah you need to get gloves. Go wash your hands quick. It's gonna dye your hands. Oh no. You don't have gloves? No. Wait that's a problem. Wait I'm so stupid. Why did I do that? I look like I'm sick now. All right let's try this again. Oh it smells like fruit snacks baby. It smells like chemicals. No it does. It's a me button. I feel like it's not gonna show up for some reason. How do I make it like ombre? Do a lot at the ends and then like slowly just like drag it. Yeah. Okay I think this stays in for like 30 washes. I thought it doesn't say. That was the other one that said 30 washes. Not this one. So then what if this one permits? Oh well then you're already screwed. Bond stainer. I guess like worst case scenario I could just chop my hair off. I actually like the texture of this because I feel like it goes in my hair pretty easy and like blends well. Oh my gosh. It doesn't sound good but like it looks good. I really stay right. I'm just like doing like comedian. I hear my favorite voices. Oh no one gets us. No but us. No one likes us but oh there goes this t-shirt. The trashic goes. I heard you were just on another level. Get on our level or use a mask. So I just got a shower and I can't even freaking see it. Like I feel like it was a freaking fail. I'm gonna blow dry this for like the 1% chance. It actually like looks good. Oh wait it's this shirt. Wait what? It looks good. Oh whoa it's actually intense. Yeah wait it actually works. Oh my gosh my hair is purple. Wait it's actually so cool. I totally doubted it. It actually like looks good. I think like it actually looks more noticeable than I thought it would. It also looks so pale now. Okay it's like. Are you okay? No. Hey yes it looks so cute too. I'm gonna put in more dye because in instructions they said it was like buildable. So I'm gonna do it again. Wash it again and dry it again because I'm just that is dedicated and I really want to give this my full effort for you guys. We're also talking quiet because it's like 1 a.m. I was gonna cut my hair too because my hair is dead. My ends are totally fried. Kinda nervous about this part because this goes look really ratchet. But before I do the second like set of dyeing I'm going to do the cutting. I saw on YouTube just cut your own hair. You're still satire in the front like this. I'm cringing. Oh gosh it's so not even. Oh it's not even though. I know. It's so like I hate it. No bro. Why did I do this? She's literally trying so stupid. Wow the damage is done. So this is our frinky. You're on Simeez YouTube. So if you only live live with a follow-around like f***. That's where you cut it out. Ready guys? Yeah it's working. Guys this is look even though. Yeah it's girl. Yes pop it. Okay thanks Kee. Wait what about the back? Yeah it looks good. It looks good bro. We're back to round two of dyeing the hair. So I'm gonna try to make it darker. Alexa's gonna help me. Also don't look at that it's broken. So this is where we're at. Okay. Hey guys so it is now the next day. I finished drying my hair. I want to show you guys but I want to make it like a grand reveal. So that's why I'm like showing half my face. Ready? In three two one. Oh you can't even tell on this lighting. Hold on. Here is my hair. It really honestly depends on the lighting how much you can tell. It's definitely not different than what I'm used to but I actually kind of vibe with it. I kind of like it. I also took some photos in my purple hair. I'm just fine. I'm still not 100% sure. If it's permanent I'm like basically sure it's not permanent. I should google that. I really don't think it is but in the off chance in my next video I have purple hair still. You know why. But yeah this is actually super fun and I think my hair cutting skills weren't like as bad as I thought they would be. It's pretty even. Kind of. I hope you guys liked the video and I'll see you in my next video where I dye my hair pink. Just kidding I'm not doing that. Maybe I should. Just kidding. Okay bye guys.