 I have a date tonight guys. Here's the thing. I don't want to say I've been off the market for a while, but I was emotionally unavailable. I was just in this phase where I hated, this is gonna sound harsh, I hated men. I felt like you know what, I'm done dating forever and I feel like I'm just gonna be single and adopt children. But that lasted just a couple months and now here we are. Not all men are bad, just some. So last week I was asked for a date and I'll kinda fill you guys in on that later in the video. But I thought I would fill myself getting ready. Dates are scary. Okay, I feel like nobody, not one freaking person can tell me that they've been on first date and they have had zero errors for it. Okay, it just comes with the territory. I usually talk to my friends when I'm getting ready for first date and I debrief with them and I get ready and then I get ready. Get ready and they kinda heighten you up. I don't have that today. Instead, I have you guys. I've been using a living proof shampoo conditioner. This isn't a staple for me. I'm gonna wash my body with the LA body wash. And I do want to exfoliate today so I'm gonna be using my exfoliant. I got this at Ulta. I'm not gonna drain the crazy for skincare but I am gonna start out by exfoliating. This is the Kate Somerville liquid exfoliant. I heard that using a liquid exfoliant is better and more gentle on your skin than using a grainy exfoliant. And I'm gonna be putting on makeup and a titch. I'm just gonna put on a little bit of face oil. Okay, I'm just gonna roll the product into my skin. Does the roller actually do anything? That's up for debate. So I'm starting out my hair by prepping it with this bumble and bumble and visible oil. This is not only a heat protected but a detangler. I'm trying to think of the first date that I've ever been on. Oh, I think the first date was when I was in high school. I went out with this boy that I was quite in love with. I think I was like 14 or 15 maybe. I do remember that he had just turned 16 because he was a little bit older than me and you had his license. So he picked me up for my house which I thought was so cool. And our date was at Newtles & Company. That was fun. I don't know why I remember. I have a picture of it though. Oh my god, I literally pictured me with him. I also like to flip my head down so that way I get a little bit more volume. It's gonna look weird but... My hair is done. It has a pretty good amount of volume I would say. We can use this time to chat about boys, girls dating and how it's a rough life out there. I'm starting out my makeup with my Charlotte Tilbury primer. Something I've learned about dating since having started college. There were some points when I would be talking to someone and I felt like, oh maybe if I give it another day and I try again, I'll start to like the more. And I just tried to like force myself to like them just because I felt like I should. If you don't like somebody you shouldn't try to like force feelings. It's not beneficial for either party. I'm using my Ilya skin tint by the way. You guys know that I really prefer like tinted moisturizers over foundations because they're just lighter weight. I heard that. Yeah you can come in. Are you recording? Yeah. I'm gonna pick out my outfit now. I know just the dress. Oh wait that's... And that feels a little much. The date is I feel like I should have explained this already. Basically we're gonna be getting dinner and drinks in the circle which is basically like where all the restaurants are in your chamin. Kinda dressy. It's like I told them who this is because I want to tell them on camera. I'm going to... Oh god why? Are these cute? It's a fancy mask. So I just realized I didn't explain how I met this man. We met in a class together this semester. I don't really talk to him that often but we had a group project and then in the group project he asked me out of date. I like this. I like it. I think you should save it for a date for somebody that's worth it. I like it but I feel like it might be a little too fancy for the restaurant. 9 out of 10. Okay 10 out of 10. Same top to your bottom. Oh I like this. That's better. This is more like casual. Yes. The high score. 9 out of 9. I heard my out of two problems. I think I'm scared of the way. And I think that's exactly the way it is. I think that's what I want to do. You can't make someone love you but you can make them fear you. So true. I'm not telling. Oh my god. This is what Sydney rules on egg with her to date. I like this because it's not so duressy. I think this is the winner. I can't possibly be. I think my life might have two or three of the girls. I just didn't. We didn't. Thank you guys for your help. Yay! Date time! We believe in you, sis. Thanks guys. I'll let you know how it goes. Can't wait for a debrief. Anyways, back to my makeup. I'm gonna throw on some concealer. I have been using the Cosis concealer. Um, as you guys can tell. Oh f***. I just love that I have this little guy joining us today. I'm going to quickly set my foundation and concealer with my Laura Mercier powder. A lot of powders can really like look cakey on my skin. And this one does not. This one just blurs my skin. I think something that I've learned as I've gotten older in regards to dating is that you have to be completely content in yourself prior to entering any sort of relationship. There's just so much more in urge for codependency when you're not content with your own life and your own goals and your own passions and your own friendships. You can't love someone else if you can't love yourself, which I know is over said, but it's very true. I am, by the way, using right now the Coulard Bronzer, bringing this one back. It's a good 2016 product. Okay, I'm gonna put on some blush now. I'm using my Rare Beauty blush, of course. I think the second thing in terms of relationships that I realize, if the relationship is difficult, meaning things are complicated, you're not really sure where that person stands with you or you're getting mixed signals, there's like red flags popping up, sometimes they look orange or pink, but they are red. A healthy relationship, there shouldn't be confusion, there shouldn't be questions, it shouldn't be difficult, it should be easy. If I get mixed signals now, I will dip immediately. I'm going in with some highlight now, this is the future to buy Glossier. It's also really important to be able to have fun in your own company. I will specifically make time for just myself throughout the week to paint or to play piano, just so that I can spend time with myself and remember how to have fun on my own. I recently got this jumbo pen from Nix, I like using this on my inner corners because it really brightens them up. This is my favorite lipstick. Recently, this is the NARS lipstick in the shade Dolce Vida. Last thing, I'm going to do my brows. I like to brush them up with this Scott-to-be-glue styling gel. This is a massive bottle, but it is the best because it really does keep my eyebrows in place all day. You can meet so many amazing people in your life and not everyone is meant to say in your life forever that something that gives me a lot of peace of mind if something doesn't work out or doesn't end the way that I hope to did, just knowing that people come into your life for season sometimes. Anyways, I think that makeup is done now. I feel like I might change my shirt. Since I'm doing the all red theme, I want to stick with it and I'm going to put on this red heart necklace. I'm getting nervous now. I'm throwing all my shoes. These are... wait, where are they? Okay, false alarm. I found boots. I'm wearing these ones. They're just these short black ones. Oh wait, this is super cute. This is cute. I'm happy with this. So this is my final fit overview. You guys kind of already saw it, but obviously my red top, necklace, jacket. I love these jeans. These are re-vice jeans. And I just love the cut inwards. I'm going to get really nervous and I want to back out, but I don't because it's rude. I always have to like, frickin' tell myself. No backing out. You look good. There's nothing to lose. That's the three things I say to myself. I'm an update you guys tomorrow for sure. Wish me luck guys. Love you. See you in the morning. So it's three nights later. I'm just getting to the deep re-part. I'm so sorry. The day action looked really well. We had a lot more in common than I thought we would. I don't know if there will be a second date, but like if it was up to me. If he's watching this, I'm extremely embarrassed. But I would go out with you again. Anyways, that's all for my first day video. Thanks for watching guys. Bye guys.