 Hi, could I have a Grande strawberry or wait? Yeah, a Grande strawberry, I'll say refresher. Um, yes, so you read the title correctly. I am going on a date with a boy and not myself this time. I was like, you know what? First dates are obviously scary. You know, they're like nerve-wracking, but I was like, you know what? I thought it'd be fun if I got ready for this date with you guys before first date. I always tap with my friends, you know? We always hype each other up. I feel like you guys are my friends. So maybe you guys can hype me up for this date, even though by the time you watch this, it will be over. I'm starting out today, the best way possible with Starbucks. Hi. Hi, good, good. Good, how are you? I'm good. The mask is cool. I'll pick you up. You football fan? I'm a Viking fan. I have a friend that I'm good at Viking fan. Yeah, we saw. But you know, football talks, you know, the vibes. First dates are just nerve-wracking. Oh, I hate the anticipation leaning up to it. Once you're like there, it's fine, but it's just like, prior. So, you know, I got myself Starbucks to help with the nerves. No, I just wanted Starbucks to be honest. I can't believe I like finesse to this. Literally a week after I posted the video going on a date with myself. You know, maybe that's just a sign somehow that... I don't know what this means, but I'm just here for the ride. You know what I'm saying? I don't like know what the heck happened. Uh, yeah. So, I got home from Target, like, an hour ago. And then I like fell asleep. I think I should like get ready. First things first, I got a shower. We're gonna do our makeup now. Cheers. On a first day, I feel like you always want to impress the other person. Like, naturally, you just want to seem interesting. But you don't want to be a completely different person than you are. You want to just show them the real you because otherwise you're just wasting both people's time. I'm gonna use my concealer. This is a stretch concealer by Glossier. We actually met in our Zoom class and we were working on a presentation together. Yeah, I really don't know if he's gonna watch this video. If he does, sub... I am setting my face with my Cody Air Spon loose face powder. I'm keeping my makeup today really natural. Alright, next for brows. I'm gonna use my Hourglass eyebrow pencil. I don't even need to add the sound effect for that. That was so loud. Like, how do you classify a date? I'm always so confused. Is this the date? I really guess it might not be. And I might be totally like clickbaiting on accident. Um, okay, I just put on some blush from Glossier. I'm gonna use some highlighter. And this has been my new favorite product. This is the Night Shine by Glossier. I feel like everything I'm using is Glossier. But it looks so natural compared to other highlighters. I always like to put highlighter on my brow bone and on my keep as well. Which doesn't even exist. Like, I really wish I had a keep as well. I'm gonna play some music while I finish my makeup. And I'm gonna use my LG Laptop. Which is actually the sponsor of today's video. If you guys don't know, I am a college student. LG is happy this for my first year of college. Which is so sweet. So thank you. This is the LG Graham Laptop. I love this laptop because the screen is so big. It just makes everything so much easier when I'm working. Whether I'm editing a video or doing my homework. I've also noticed that the battery is really long lasting on this. So I don't have to charge it all the time. Anyways, I don't know what to be following this year. So if you have any ideas, let me know. The thing is, I don't even know what I'm gonna be doing for Halloween. Because with everything going on in the world, who knows if there's even gonna be gatherings. LG actually came out with these really fun Instagram filters. It's really fun for like a little virtual Halloween. I definitely had like a lot of fun trying them out. So there's gonna be three weekly winners for the next two weeks. If you enter, you have a chance to win a $300 gift card from LG. Or you could also win actually one of the laptops that I have here. To enter the giveaway, you just click the link in the description box. And you take a little video using one of their filters and then upload it. And that's your entry. You have to get hyped, you know, for a first date. So that's what I'm about to do. You already know I'm about to listen to some Travis Scott and whatever else is on my Spotify playlist, which I will link below if you want to listen to it. I usually put some highlight in my inner quarters just to make me look more wake. Oh Yikes never use expired eye drops. You know what we're going to try this again with not expired eye drops. Oh my gosh, it was like so much better. Whoa, those eye drops were way expired. That's concerning. Why am I getting nervous? I hate the nerves, man. I hate the nerves. Okay, time to pick up now fit. I'm in my closet. Like now I think about it. I have limited options. I really like just own hoodies. I don't want to be like to dress up, but I also don't want to wear a hoodie. You know, I got to like show some like some sort of effort. Even though I don't even like know if this is like an actual date. I mean, we're getting food. So I don't know. I'm considering it a day. Okay. Guys, I'm like seriously so bad. Okay, I'm kind of running late. This is like yikes. This is chaotic. Okay, very chaotic. I really am pushing it close. Alright, my room was a mess, but I am ready. So this is my outfit. I'm wearing this crop top from Brandy Melville. I also have on my favorite jeans. I have on my butterfly Air Force ones. I was gonna do something cute with my hair, but I ran out of time. Also, I was supposed to do my nails. Do you remember when I brought those nails a few hours ago at Target? I ran out of time for those two. So I guess I'm going nailless. Well, not nailless, but they're like not cute. Wow, just like that, I'm ready. And I'm off. But I hope you guys liked the video. I hope it was fun to get ready with me for this date. Or so I think it's a date at least. Wish me luck. Even though by the time you watch this, it will be over. I hope it's a date. Because I feel like it's like not and I'm like thinking it is, but I don't know. And don't forget if you guys do want to enter the LG giveaway. I have a link to the giveaway down below. But I love you guys. I'll see you in my next video. Peace out. Peace out. Peace out. Peace out. Peace out. Peace out. Peace out. Peace out. Peace out.