 Hey guys, what's up? Hey guys, what's up? I am so excited. I am going to go to Ariana Grande concert tonight. And I have a special guest. Hi guys, I also dive my hair and I'm not too anxious. Okay, what? I don't like it being next to you. Oh my god, it's so cool. Yeah, Sasha's here. Do you guys know Sasha? Oh my god, wait, wait, can I fix this thing? If you guys know Sasha, we're YouTube friends. So yeah, we're in Arizona at Sasha's house. We're going to the concert together. Woo, this video, I'm so excited because I'm actually partnering with Ariana Grande's Ray Grinch. So this is a perfume, have you seen it? Is it your first time seeing it? Yeah, I feel like I've seen Aspirit. It's so pretty and aesthetic. Like how cute is that? That's so cute. This is a perfume, it smells so good. Okay, it smells very, very. It's very, you know? If you're friends with YouTube friends, it smells very, very perfume. Are you even real friends? You know what, Tritius, to put it on your wrist and then put it behind your ears and then stays on the bed. Really? In the fragrance, there's pear and raspberry and rose, coconut, sugar. It smells so good, we really love that. I'm sure you're doing good, it's really good too. You know, that's not the move, but spray it and it smells great. You'll smell really good. Essentially today we're going to be doing a get ready with us for the concert, we leave in a couple of hours. So excited. So excited, I have my outfit out, we have everything ready, but we have to give ourselves ready. So it's go time, baby. Woo! First things first. Oh my god. So I was so cute and she got these for me. I have my carriers to help me get ready. This is such a long hair, you really like it. First things first, I drops. I'm going to look like I'm crying now. Is it named? Did? There you are. Oh, she started. I used to primer. I just thought it was nice. Why is there a bandit on it? Because I lost the cap. Oh my god. Because I lost the lid. So I had to innovate. So that way it wouldn't burst in. I used duct tape before I used to paint. Why was that? I always went to the bathroom. I used to paint. I used to paint. I used to paint. I used to paint. I used to paint. I was out. I always went to my foundation. Did you do that? Or do you have one? Because I am only a co-pill. Do you see your channel in the me-s and me? I am. It could be worse. Did you even do what you were doing? I don't use the me-s and me-s and me-s and me-s. You don't? Why not? Just a revolving. Sorry. You mean the five? No, I just don't use one. I saw the video of the girl who had a bug in her video blender. A bug? Yes, you did. Okay, all the finding bugs in my video blender videos. That's disgusting. Okay, anyway. Wait, how about you guys? My favorite R&B song? And I'll raise yours. I feel like yours is going to, like, no offense. But I think yours is going to be like, big, big. Like, thank you, Nex. Or like, seven rings. You know what I mean? Okay, that's so something. What's your, is your favorite ghost in? Seven rings? No. Can we tell you? Yeah. Be alright every day. Do you know that one? Mm-hmm. And... Dangerous woman. I wish I could just go on stage and whip my ponytail around. Sing, thank you, Nex. Thank you. Hey, hey, hey. Okay, please, look, my name is A. Hey, hey. They're not going to understand it's a joke. Sasha's actually a singing prodigy if you didn't know. Like, honestly, like, people singing bad is like more entertaining than people singing good. Is that just you? Yeah. Yeah, I think it's funny. Like, because I think humor is huge. And if you make me laugh, like, you're golden. Okay, so let's talk about... Okay, so are you? You're humorous, so like, is that a quality of boy that you don't like? Yeah. What are your top three qualities? It's almost like number one. So, are Catholic? That's important. I mean, like, I want them to be respectful. And then, like, I want them to be like, what's on my plate like to be eye? Okay, question. Dad bod? Or like... I don't get it. I'm like, because people are like, in a dad bod. I don't get it. I think I do not think that I don't know what that means. Do you know what a... Like a dad bod? You know what I mean? You know what a dad bod versus like, no. Sit me. Do you want to do taller than you? Would you do it someone's shorter than you? Um, well, I'm so short. Right. And my five, three, side down. Right. Would be shorter than you. I mean, I look for my who's funny, the one that I can trust. Honestly, it goes along with trust. Just someone who can make me laugh. Okay, but we can have a good time. I look a giant. Do you see that? Yeah, it looks like a little dark. Kind of. What did I do wrong? Maybe I just look a little to my bronzer. What are you bronzer on? You're not? No! No! I need to over here. I'm going to go look in the mirror. Okay. Oh my god, that's me. Oh my god. That's me. Oh my god. It's because I don't have a mirror. Dude, I've already almost died in there. Are you serious? No. I think it's better. Yeah, that's a little bit better. Okay, question. How many conscious have you been to in your life? I think only like two. Two. Playing on man. Okay. I've been so flinged over twice. Okay. So, and then Coachella's back home. I've been to the bathroom. I've been to the bathroom. I've been to the bathroom. I've been to the bathroom. I've been to it since I was a bit late. I'm the best. or braided ward days. I had to. So, I keep things on all around the kitchen, but the outside parties had past near. I played a half minute on the knobs but finally I couldn't wash my hands. Make the head a bit more comfortable eatingrel trees. I've looked at sociarias Camille. I know that way, or I've seen commentating it like this whole time here, so wasn't trying to play my downed show always. Okay, send me. We'll get through it. Should I do the silvery eyeshadow? I like that. So cool. I look good with your outfit, too. I really need to get a new bronzer because of this It's shatterty, but like let's use this mirror. I really need to do an auto. We should go together Actually, I should mention the fragrance is available at ultra beauty So make sure to go there to get one we can twin. Yes, we can smell the same Does that go somewhere? You'll think it sucks long eyelashes. I would kill. Do you see mine? No, you don't because they're not existing. One time I put my eyelashes in the car. The worst idea. Yeah, that sounds really dumb I was like 13 okay. I was curling them all the way to the bathroom on me. My habit. Did you rip them all out? We would overspeep them Like you would know eyelashes like I lost like 70% Are you serious? Yeah, I wish I was joking Winked eyeliner is so hard. I can do it for me. Please. I do not do it for the live movie. I don't know. I'll try for my life. I need to know. I'll push them and I said Okay I think it's a little bit I'm so sorry It's like not even like this one's better. Yeah, this one is like like a little hinted it I remember like following you back when you were beauty by said I just took your wings off and I think it looks a little bit better that way Okay, so change the location our makeup is now done versus yeah, I keep getting shot Okay, so here's the thing I have I just get it please like be like put it into fun. It's so what do this is It's been through a lot Okay, so if you guys haven't seen me dressing like I am a granny for week. You wouldn't know. I have this long ponytail extension for that video and I kept it because I don't know. I don't know if I should put this in or not. I have my really long extensions now So I just feel like they don't need it you know like if you're doing a ponytail I think it like actual on like hers is kind of cool It's like an arm workout So I need those out of shape Like I'm on a breath when I go my driveway every time I can Okay, same to you You know, Sydney, that's music Sure Hit it sis Oh I think it's perfect. I think it's a must. It just doesn't look right for my distance maybe Well, I mean I won't make it straight Ariana. That would be close. Bye, check All right, we're ready. We're gonna change so We are ready we should do faster so we should you go first Ariana All right, your turn Sasha I The ponytail that's kind of questioning about you to even wear it because it's so uh The top looks a little I know I need to get hairspray Probably this is it doesn't look terrible before we leave I kind of want to put a little more perfume on So final step to getting ready is always perfume because smelling goes in for and wherever you go and we change our outfits So okay ready she's really pretty If you don't spray your friends perfume are you really friends? That's the best option one two three hit it That's what we like to see ladies and gentlemen But we smell like if you guys could smell it through the camera. Oh my gosh I'm sorry. Well, you can only imagine You said if you can only imagine yeah We really do if you guys want to get your own bottle of thank you next fragrance you can go to Ulta They have it there. This is honestly really good gift for friends Roman want to smell this perfume? What give your thoughts? I Actually like that you He says yes, you guys hear your own bottle of beauty if you also want to get one It smells so good. It's honestly a really good gift for friends for Christmas if you haven't still gotten one yet This is so cute. It's so aesthetic Like I said it even like on your dresser. You know what I mean like it looks good feeling to like set out plus that smells really good Especially going into the near. I feel like it's just good to have like a new scent I mean I feel like it's a good scent. Yeah, but we're going to the concert now. I'm so excited. I love the concert so much. They're so fun Same it's be so fun. Love you guys. Thanks for watching. I'll see you my next video. Bye. Bye You