 MUSIC Hi guys, my sleeves are wet. Well, I said that weird. Why did I say it like that? I think I'm going crazy. Also, I feel like I'm in heaven right now. Like the light shining behind me is just, it's lit. Sorry, I need to stop. Today I'm gonna be doing a get ready with me. We have been in quarantine for, is it has been a month now? Honestly, during quarantine, I feel like I've been pretty unmotivated. I never get ready. I never do my makeup, never do my hair. And I just want to feel good about myself. I feel like when I get already, I not only feel good, but I'm more productive. We're gonna turn things around in today's vlog. So yeah, I'm gonna go get some breakfast, start it off. Also, I really want to say thank you to this four-collection for sponsoring this video. I'm so excited to work with them. Hopefully you're see belts to go nowhere because we're not leaving the house, but that was bad, I'm not. Wait, I'm just gonna show you guys a little tour quick of my new room area, because I'm downstairs now. It's so messy, I really don't wanna show you guys, but also, it's down my fault. So this is the rec room that we have. There's a lot of stuff right there, please don't look at it, maybe I'll censor it. And then over here, this is my bathroom. Yeah, I really don't know how else to say about that. And then this is my bedroom, which we were, oh my gosh, see, I need to clean up after myself. And this is my bedroom. I really love my room down here. I think it's so nice. I just brought all my decorations from my light here. Okay, anyways, let's go have breakfast. Okay, I just brought all my decorations from my light here. Okay, anyways, let's go have breakfast. Hello. You've had a smile here somewhere? No, I just wanted to say good morning. Guys, this is my old room. Why do I like keeping so sidetracked this whole video? I'm sorry. Okay, let's go eat for the fifth time. Time to eat. Oh my gosh, I just realized I'm using chunky. Oh wait, is it crunchy? Yeah, super chunk. Who wants super chunk? Redo. Let's try this again. I'm going up a teet. Oh my gosh, it's like a fucking snow storm. Woo! It's makeup time. I feel like today's look, I want to be like pretty natural. I feel like you can like hear my family walking above me. I'm sorry, I'm not used to like living with people again. Basically, I'm going to be doing my makeup now. I haven't had makeup in so long. I feel like, no, I have. I'm being dramatic. I am so excited. As you guys know, I'm partnering with Sephora Collection on this video. And they sent me so many brushes, guys. And I'm so excited to try these out. So if you guys haven't heard of Sephora Collection's Pro Brush line, they actually redesigned it and relaunched it. They have 30 new brushes. Which is so many. And they were nice enough to send me all of them. I'm so excited to test them out because I feel like I've used my same brushes for a while now. So I'm going to give you my honest opinions. They have three different categories. They have foundation brushes, eye brushes and face brushes. And the new packaging is actually color-coded based on the category brush, which is super helpful. So I'm going to start off by using my major hangover toothpaste primer. This is like the most gigantic bottle. I love how much product you get because this will literally probably last me at least a year. I've been breaking out. Probably going to be just like been eating so many freaking Oreos. And I'm just trying to like even out my skin tone a little bit. I'm going to use this shade today. Whoa. I feel like I've been to the wrong shade. Well, can't turn back now. Oh my gosh. I totally picked the wrong shade. This is way too light. Well, this is awkward. I will be back. Okay. I think I got most of it off. Oh my god. I definitely did not get most of it off. We're going to try that again. I'm going to use the darker shade because I didn't realize how tan I was. Actually, I'm not that tan. Just like not as pale as usual. Now I still feel like this is too light for me. Did I like a really good crazy with myself, Tanner? Or what? To blend out my foundation, I'm going to be using my Proce 4 Collection brush. And this is number 64. I don't know if you guys know this, but I have pretty bad pores. This brush just makes it so you cannot see my pores. I can't see them. Well, that's like crazy. This brush just does such a good job with blending the product really well into my skin. So it doesn't even look like I'm wearing makeup. I said I think my girl just said that. Guys, I can't stop getting TikTok songs out of my head. It's really bad. So, now I'm just going to make up. I'm going to be using my Sephora Beauty Amplifier Setting Powder. This is just a translucent powder. This brush is like the softest brush I've ever used in my life. It's so, it feels like a cloud. It's on my face. I'm here for it, sister. This is the Pro Powder 50 brush. Obviously, since the powder is translucent, you can't see it, which also just helps to make my makeup look a lot more natural. So it's not like I'm adding a whole other layer of coverage. But we're going to continue. I'm using my Chocolate Sly Bronzer. It smells so good. I just want to eat it, but actually, someone said in my other video you can't eat it. Because I guess the ingredients are just like cocoa powder. I've always wanted to try it. It's like, let me just try it. Wait, why is it actually good? Why? Why is it actually so good? It tastes like a chocolate bar. You know what? It tastes as good as it smells. Honestly, if not better. You know, maybe don't do that. Actually, I don't know. Was it like bad that you just did that? I'm using the Pro Contour 78 brush. Why do I always do that when I'm doing my bronzer? I recently discovered this Cajun blush, which is a cream blush, and it's so cute. It's like a stamp, and it looks like a heart. It's so adorable. So I'm just stamping this onto my cheeks. Next up, we're going to do Browse Baby. This is my Acosmetics Brow Pencil. Okay, so in my last makeup video, I said that I like to do my mascara, but before I do my eyeshadow, but I've been trying to change that just because I feel like it's not the way you're supposed to do it. I'm going to be doing my eyeshadow first this time. I'm using my Sfore Collection Eye Primer. This just makes it so that way my eyeshadow doesn't crease during the day. Okay, for the actual eyeshadow now, I have been obsessed with this eyeshadow palette for my whole life. You guys have heard me talk about it a million times. This is the Tarte Lit in Bloom palette, and I always just do the same shade. So I'm going to try to like, switch it up a little bit. And I'm going to be using one of these Sfore Collection brushes from their Eyeset. This is Brush Number 14. I'm using the shade Flower Child, which is a base neutral color on my lids. Next, I'm going to be using my Pro Crease Brush. This is number 24, and I'm using my favorite shade, Sweetheart, and my crease. I think I'm going to keep this makeup pretty matte today. Has anyone else just been eating a lot in quarantine? That's like, I feel like all I've been doing. I feel like I also make so much banana bread, which is so random. But I feel like that's what everyone's making on TikTok, even though when I made it, for once my family hated it. So I'm going to just do a little something different. I'm going to put a little bit of the shade Rebels in my crease also, because we're Rebels today. I feel like sometimes I have trouble blending my crease eyeshadow, because it can just like look super like a line. You know what I mean? These brushes make it so easy to blend. I feel like someone who isn't super experienced that makeup would really love these brushes too, because it's just so easy to blend products with their brushes. Woo! That? Hi, I heard you. I like swear I heard you. I'm doing my makeup for no reason. Oh. Okay, what do you think of my makeup? Like, how do you think it looks? Natural, that's good. I like natural. Yeah. Okay, thank you. That's the point. I'm using these new brushes from Sforre Collection. I like it, natural, very natural. So I give it thumbs up. Wow, thank you for thumbs up. Yes. Dad approval. Bye. Bye. Moving on, I'm going to be using my It Cosmetics Lash Blowout mascara. Sometimes I do really heavy mascara, but I'm just going to keep it light today. Oh, hi. Do you like my makeup? I think it's good. I think it's very smooth. Smooth, that's the word. That's what I was trying to say. I like it. Thank you. Last step, we're going to do lip products. I love lip products. They're just my favorite thing ever. I'm going to start by lining my lips. I'm going to be using this lip liner from Sforre Collection. This is in the shade Sink or Swade. I tend to prefer natural lip colors. And I like how this one's a little bit darker. It's almost more brownie. Brownie. Not what a brownie. For the lipstick, I'm going to be using this It Cosmetics Lipstick. This is in the shade Humble. Okay, last up, I'm going to be using my Too Faced Lip Injection Extreme Lip Gloss. This is like one of my favorite products recently. And there you have it. There is my makeup for today. Wow, it feels so good to have makeup on. Thank you Sforre Collection for coming through. The brushes are so amazing. I really love them. If you guys want to check them out, I'll have a link to the brushes down below. And I'll also put a link to all of the products in this video down below, which you can get on at Sforre. I love you guys. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you in my next video. Bye, guys.