 [♪ INTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ Good morning, you guys, and welcome back. So today's video is something I planned. Well, actually kind of say something, I just woke up. I'm just looking at myself and I look. It's a low for me. I've been seeing these glove videos circulate around YouTube. So I was like, why don't I do my own? Basically, I'm going to try in 24 hours. That's the challenge. And if you know me, you know I'm always down for a good challenge. I really don't consider it as a challenge, to be honest. It's more of like a fun. Glow up routine. Essentially, I'm going to be doing things that help me glow up. You know, really, this is just for fun. The reason I'm up so early at the crack of dawn, just literally 9am. I'm going to start this video with a bang by getting my hair done. If you look at my hair now, it's like very monotone, monochrome. That's what I meant. There's really no dimension to my hair. I just think it'd be fun to get some highlights for summertime. And then really the cut, they're going to finish their face frame. Oh. So this is the example photo that I showed you. Kind of like your warm colors. Instead of just like blonde, I like like the warm colors. So I'm in the... I'm just going to see the fryer. I'm in the dryer. It's going good. I fell asleep while she was putting the highlights in. I'm actually getting cold, I know. But it's better for your beach. I'm so excited to see my new hair. I'm so excited. I'm on the edge of my teeth. Really? You guys, I love it. This is exactly what I was trying to go for. You should completely understand. I'm trying to show you guys it's kind of hard to do on camera, but the highlights are pretty light. The back looks like this. Getting your hair done can truly be the best or the worst feeling. When you get your hair done and it looks bad, it's just like, it's honestly the worst. If you've been there, you would know. It's definitely that warmer tone, which is exactly what I wanted. So shout out to my hair lady. I am heading home now. We have some other things to do still. Glowing up isn't easy. It takes, takes some effort. So something I've been thinking about recently, and I've been trying to stick to, is whitening my teeth. These are these sensitive teeth whitening strips. Having nice white teeth, I really think makes a big difference. I'm going to set a timer on my phone for 30 minutes. But in the meantime, I'm going to do a little face mask. I think when I use this one, this is the acne clearing 5 minute face mask by glam glow. I have the worst pimple right here. And honestly, you can't even see it, but you know those pimples that hurt so bad. Usually those are the ones that you actually see the least, because they're kind of like underground. And it won't go away, and you can't really see it. It's almost like worse that way, because it hurts so bad. Okay, I think I leave this on for five minutes. I'm going to let both of these sit, and we'll be right back. I don't know if it's a placebo effect. Anytime I do a face mask, my face feels 10 hands better. And I don't even know how the time you can tell. Like it feels better. You know what I mean? It's time for the whitening strips to come off. Wow, they look very white. They look so good. What's next, you might ask? Nails. I'm so excited for this, because here's the thing. My nails have been bare for about two months now. I got my dip nails off, and it's because I knew deep down I needed a break. My nails were breaking. They were super weak. It just wasn't healthy. So now that my break is over, now they're basically almost fully grown back. There's so much stronger. And I'm just going to go ruin them again. I'm just kidding. But the different thing is this time, I thought I would do my own nails. So this company called A Press, they sent me their nail stuff a couple months ago. And of course, I was in my break period. I couldn't do it. But I've been waiting to try this. This could be an absolute fail. I'm just going to put that out there. I'm not a nail tech. It comes with the binding kit. And then obviously the nails here. Okay, firstly, I'm just buffing my nails. I'm going in with the first step of this. You can see there's quite a few. This is the dehydrator. This is the coolest, the cure thing I've ever seen. Oopsies, I feel like I did too much. Wait, actually, it's not bad, it's not bad, it's not bad. I'm going to cure it now. The nails are all on. They don't look the best. Like underneath, you can see kind of like the glutes. I feel like I just put too much on. But it's okay because now I'm going to do the fun part. And I'm going to put on the polish. So I have three color options. There's this one, which is a pastel purple. Then there's this light green one, which I love. Or this one, this almost looks white, but it's actually, I think it's like a very, very light pastel yellow. I'm going to do this one just because it's closest to like white. Okay, guys. Oh, whoa. So my nails are done. Are they good? No. Yes. Really? I think that look good. Thank you. This is what they look like. Just don't look too close. It was my first time. So honestly, like it could have been worse. And hopefully I'll get like better at it. But it's this light pastel yellow color. Just hope next time's a little bit better. So I decided that the last step of my glow up would be to do my makeup. I do my makeup pretty often. So I'm not going to do an in-depth routine. I have videos on that already. Why does my hair hold curl? Does that happen to anyone else? I keep hearing this one audio on TikTok of this girl who's like I think makeup is bad. It's like a red flag if a girl wears makeup or something. And I just like actually cannot fathom that someone thinks that. And now every time we do a makeup, I think about that girl saying that. I love ice-pace. I just want to fall in love. Okay guys. So my makeup is finished. This is basically just my everyday makeup. If you guys watch me, you would know. You know, I didn't say makeup was the final step. But I lied on accident. I feel like it's only right to finish off this video with a really cute outfit. So I actually just bought this black lace top. You guys don't understand. I went to so many stores to find something like this. And then when I did it, I just got it online. And then I have some jean shorts. I'm gonna throw this on and I'll be back. Tada. I love this black tank so much. I'm pretty sure I got this on Pakistan. So I'll link it below. Also, I decided to wear cargo pants instead of jeans. I felt like it matched the vibe better. And obviously some gold jewelry you guys know me. I just need to do one final look check. Well guys, I think it was a success except for my nails. Let's just not talk about that. But I love you guys. I thank you so much for watching. Obviously this video is lighthearted because you don't need to glow up for any reason. But it is fun to do nice things for yourself. Anyways, I love you guys. I'm headed off to LA and I'm actually late. So I'm gonna leave. But I love you guys and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys. 09.