 Uh, tonight is a special night. Oh hey, it's Sydney, I forgot to say that. Tonight, I am going on a date. You know, my date tonight actually isn't a boy, uh, or any person for that matter. I kind of realized I don't need a boy to take me on a date. I'll just take myself on one. I just want to say, you don't have to be in a relationship to be happy. I know this whole video's a joke, but I just genuinely believe that. So if you're watching this, you're single and you feel really lonely and like, you really want to be in a relationship. Don't rush it, don't stress it, it'll come at the right time. I am such an advocate of loving yourself, putting yourself first. And not settling, just to be in any sort of relationship. I'm honestly so excited. I feel like usually in the first day, you get obviously really nervous. I have no one to impress besides me. So I really almost forgot the caddiers. All right, now to pick an outfit. Oh, these come off now. Pick your outfit for a day. I feel like this is the most fun part, but um, I don't want to be uncomfortable. I was gonna wear these jeans. There's my credit card. Oops, just shouldn't show that on YouTube, but you know what? Like, you can't bank because you're too many things going to your brain at once. That's me right now. I love how I'm trying to like make this a cute outfit for like no reason. But also, that's like the point of this whole thing. You should get ready and do things just for yourself. I'm gonna get dressed. I'll see you on flip side. That went better in my head. So here's the thing. Sun sets in 20 minutes. The beach is 20 minutes away. You know, we all live a little adventure. So, uh, let's see if I even get there on time. This is a real day that I'd be so sad. I'm like, late to the day. All right guys, so I made it. I'm at the beach. You know, I'm not gonna lie to you. This is kind of awkward. There's a lot of couples actually on cute dates. And um, I'm just here by myself. But honestly, it's kind of like relaxing and peaceful. I feel like I should do this more often. Yeah, I'm kind of actually really loving it. It doesn't look like it, but I am. So, I'm back from the beach. I'm in my car. Next stop is just getting gas. It's really like nothing to do is going on a date, but I have to get gas or I'm going to run out. So... Well, that was stupid. I closed my like gas thing, but I forgot to put the cap off. This date isn't over just yet. Um, I'm kind of doing things in reverse order, but I'm going to get food set up a really cute dinner for myself. I feel like doing cute things for yourself just puts you in such a good mood. Anyways, I'm going to go. It's already late, so I should go. Okay, bye. Okay, um, so... Hi, the more I think about it, this is a date with you guys. Kind of. Tonight's dinner is a Chick-fil-A kids meal. I also have two candles. I thought like it would just add to the ambiance. No, I was just going to say, does it smell so bad in here? Are you kidding? I love Chick-fil-A. Okay, so I'm going on a date. Do you want to guess with who? I think you're going on a date with... You did not just go there. No, I'm going on a date by myself. Um, perhaps to you. What's a good advice for like a first date? Don't have high expectations because that never goes well. Agreed. You know what our motto is in this house? What's our motto again? Standards high. Expectations low. Yes. We never want to get our hopes up these days. We always keep the standards high. The bar has to be high for bars up here. Bar is taller than us. Expectations on the f- On the expectations like under the ground. Underground like in the piping sewer system. And then you'll never be disappointed. What to do with fake friends? Such people who make you feel really sad. Don't. Don't deal with those people. Find better friends. How do you be an independent boss woman? You got to know what you want. And you have to realize that you're the only person that's going to be able to get you to where you need to be or where you want to be. You are your only resource. Keep your eye on the prize. It's like it's really easy to get distracted. Nothing worth having comes easy. How do I get a guy to like me? I really like him but I don't know if he likes me back. If someone is actually interested in you, genuinely, they will make an effort and really show you that they're interested. If you're getting really mixed signals and you're just not even sure if they're interested or if you definitely know they aren't interested, I wouldn't even force it. I would just let that person walk away. You know your worth and you know how valuable the person you are. And you don't need to have someone else show you that because you already know internally that you are so valuable and that you've shown amazing qualities to you. You don't want to be with someone who doesn't want to be with you at the end of the day. If you're putting in more effort than they are, why? Have you ever compared yourself to anyone and have you lost confidence and became insecure? This happens all the time. And I think so much of it is subconscious on social media. I'll be scrolling and there's always beautiful girls and they're doing nothing wrong. They're just posting photos and then I see them and I feel that because I'm not them, I'm not good enough. When I take breaks from social media, I feel so much better. So I try to just limit how much I go on to be honest and that helps a lot. How do you deal with untrue rumors? I don't. People talk about you when they're insecure with themselves. I try to just let it go, which is easier said than done. I'm a pretty spicy person. Sometimes I want to like engage, but then I'm like, no, no, no. Disengage, disengage, always disengage. It never ends well. If you're still at level, it's just showing that you're giving in and that's honestly probably what they want you to do. Act unbothered. Did you always have confidence? If so, how did you come to gain it? Definitely not. Once you really truly love yourself, you're going to want what's best for you. Now, I just look at situations so differently because I truly value myself in a not arrogant way at all. And I think the way I was able to do that was just through really realizing my worth. Your worth comes from your heart. You have to focus on what you really love about yourself. Society, we are so brainwashed to pick a part or flaws because that's what the media wants us to do. You really have to make a conscious effort to focus on what you love about yourself and what makes you unique. Also, I would definitely say, being with people that make you feel your best. For me, that's my really close friends and my family. And those people when I'm with them, I'm just so happy and I'm so myself that I almost feel more beautiful in a way on the inside because they kind of just bring out the best in you. So being with people who are positive and like-minded is really beneficial. You are who you surround yourself with. So just be careful who you choose to have in your life.