 Welcome back. I did see your guys comments on my last video. The thing is, I know I didn't do the handstand, okay? I'm sorry. Today I'm going to be googling myself, which kind of seems like a very egotistical thing to do. I haven't done this in a while because when I did it last, I got some really weird results that came up that I just kind of wish I never saw. I'm just going to search my name and then answer what comes up. Sydney, Sarana. Okay, Sydney Sarana Age. I'm 20. And they're right about my age. Wow. Sydney Sarana Net Worth. The net worth of Sydney Sarana is 1 million as of 2021. Where do they get this information? Do they have my bank info? It's not 1 million. I'll say that. Sydney Sarana Instagram. My Instagram is at Sydney Sarana. You should follow me. Or else. Sydney Sarana TikTok. Oh, I feel like my TikTok is cringy. Don't follow it, please. I don't want to talk about it. Sydney Sarana merch. Oh, that's like a sentimental search. I haven't made merch in like a year. I feel like I should. Should I? Sydney Sarana Hite. Five foot two. That could be further from the truth. I am proud to say I'm five foot four. They are so off. Sydney Sarana boyfriend. I feel like everything is always like it always comes back to that question for me. And I just like I can't escape it. I don't have a boyfriend. I don't. Okay. Like yes, I'm single. Moreover regarding her personal life, she's still single. No relationship as of date has been rubored about in the media. So we are safe to speculate that she's a very private person. True. Sydney Sarana Ethnicity. I am a lot of things. I'll put them here. I did a DNA test and I can't remember them. Or I'm going to change my search a bit to did Sydney Sarana and see what comes up. Did Sydney Sarana go to college? I am currently in college at Chaman University. Did Sydney Sarana live alone? Not anymore. I have a roommate and I love her. I used to and I actually really enjoyed it. Did Sydney Sarana have cancer? No. I don't have cancer. Maybe they searched that because I'm a cancer. Like my sign is a cancer. The Sydney Sarana live in LA. Now I technically live in Orange, which is right outside of LA. Why did Sydney Sarana move to LA? I moved to LA mainly for YouTube and social media and now I'm here because I go to college here. Where did Sydney Sarana go to high school? I went to this high school in Minnesota called Egan High School but I was only there for two years and then I dipped. Wait, what? Wait, what? Why did Sarana burn her house down? Uh, dude. I never did that ever. Like you will never catch me burning my house down. What is Sydney Sarana's last name? I forget that people think Sarana is my last name. Sarana is actually my middle name and my last name is Prupski. A Sarana is easier. That's why I do that. Sydney Sarana phone number. I want to see if it's like on here and what if it's accurate. Phone number. We couldn't find her phone number. That's good, right? That would not be good if my phone number was on the internet. Now that I've looked at the most common searches, I thought I should go more on the websites that have information about me. Usually they're very wrong. Why am I on wiki feet? I kind of forgot that I was on wiki feet. Someone told me that once and I just like chose to forget about it. It literally links my IMDB page on my wiki feet. What the? Um, wait, so since we're on my IMDB, let's just take a second. Known for my Fiona, that is true. I am in my Fiona coming out soon and giggles talk. That that that's not true. I'm not in giggles talk. I don't even know what that is. Good try, IMDB. You got one right. Wiki feet is literally just screenshots of my feet. Like it's exactly what you would think it is. My rating is five out of five stars. Damn, I don't know how I have five out of five stars, honestly. Like are my feet really that nice? Feet rating stats, 166 total votes? I don't know if I should be like grateful that many people voted for my feet or if I should be appalled. I'm thinking the second option. 108 beautiful, 27 nice, 17 okay, five bad and nine ugly. That's just rude. Like what are these photos? And they really put in the handstand screenshot. That's gonna make me stop doing handsets on my channel because I can't be ending up on Wiki feet ever again. What are you doing? What are you doing? Hey, I wanted to take a quick break in this video to talk about today's sponsor, which is Grammarly. So as most of you know, I am in college and I'm always looking for different study resources and Grammarly has been something that I've started to use recently. And if you're also in school, I think this could be a really good resource for you. So I thought I'd tell you guys a little bit about it. So Grammarly is essentially a digital writing assistant and it's super, super easy to download. There is a free version and then there's a premium version. So the free version of Grammarly provides basic spelling and grammar suggestions. But the premium version gives you a lot more in depth feedback. And I did invest in the premium version because I find myself using a lot of the same words repetitively and it gives you suggestions to make your paper more exciting and enticing. It also does help with clarity suggestions. If you tend to write a lot of run-on sentences, it's really nice because it guides you on words to cut out to make your essay more concise. Plagiarism is also a big thing especially in college. So there is a plagiarism detector. It can make sure that your work isn't already out there. It has tremendously helped my writing and I've also noticed it's helped my speaking, which I didn't intend to do. But I've definitely expanded a lot of my vocabulary because of it. Even if you're just trying to write emails to your professors or your teachers, it's always nice to sound professional and educated and Grammarly is the perfect tool for that. So if you want to check out Grammarly to help you with essays and writing things, just go to Grammarly.com slash Sydney to sign up for your free account. And you can also get 20% off your Grammarly premium. Like these screenshots are just like so specific and weird and I feel so uncomfortable. I'm done. This is enough for me with wiki feet. We're moving on to other sites. Bigger and better things. Quiz, how well do you know Sydney Serena? I am not that cool to have a quiz on me. So this is really fun. Sydney Serena is born in 2000. Starting out strong. Sydney Serena is from Minnesota. Two for two. Sydney Serena's birth sign is cancer. That is true. Sydney Serena has earned more than blank million subscribers. 1.9. Sydney Serena opened her YouTube channel in 2014. Sydney Serena has, why did I almost say I had three brothers? I have two brothers. Sydney Serena is a Vine Star, you now star or YouTube star. I kind of wish I was a Vine Star, but I'm a YouTube star, not star. Sydney Serena test result. I got an A plus. Yeah, if I didn't get an A plus, I'm not that would be sad. Like imagine failing a test about yourself. Guys, I just don't know what else to look at. Like some of this is scarring already. Wait, wait what? I'm looking at these things that they have filled out about me. Why do they have my favorite actress, Ansel Elgord? I don't think I've ever said that. Okay, what if I switch it up a little bit and I type in Sydney Serena? Is Sydney Serena by? No, I'm not. Is Sydney Serena dating? I mean, I don't have a boyfriend. Is Sydney Serena related to Camry Noel? Wait, what? People thought that? No, I am not related to Camry, although I wish I was, because I feel like we're sisters at heart. Is Sydney Serena a Christian? Yes, I am. Is Sydney Serena related to the Meryl twins? No, I do get that. I look like them a lot, but I am not related to them. Is Sydney Serena married? No, I don't even have a boyfriend. Does Sydney Serena have a boyfriend? Yeah, we've already been through that. Well, you guys, I think we really learned a lot today. We learned that. What did we learn? I'm five foot four, not five foot two. I don't have a boyfriend, but we already knew that. We learned that I have a wiki feet page with a five star rating. And most importantly, we learned that the internet is not always right, and it's actually used really wrong. They try their best. Like, I feel like sites like those just try to like, generalize things so they can see back or even though they're not. But this was really fun, regardless. Thank you guys for watching. I'm gonna go to bed, it's midnight. I'll see you guys in my next video. Bye guys.