 Music Aloha Music Okay guys, so we were just a beach, we were disco girls and we took some fun pictures and now it is time for dinner and of course what's my dinner? Bonito So I'm having a burrito and what is Andre making? Keats a bites all he eats I actually throw back to Coachella when he almost burnt the house down Oh no, he's making tea again! Oh my god! Even in Hawaii, Rios never failed I like my baby I like fish I like fish How? I can see life feel I can see life feel I'm a baby I'm a baby Taste test I'm a little burrito, but you already know Wait, it tastes better in Hawaii Wait, hurry, it's gonna make him run out of space We got honor time there and burrito will finally taste quickly Who's your last sweetest burrito? I'm gonna get that Good morning from the... What? I thought you said that you like unsweetened almond milk I bought sweetened, I felt like a bad taste This is vanilla with a hint of honey I know, I wanted to try it This tastes so bad with cereal It does? I was gonna have it with my morning routine Morning, kids! Morning! Hello, and good morning! Actually, I should say hello, huh? And currently at our Airbnb in Maui We got in actually a couple days ago The last I've logged was a couple days ago But the past two days we've honestly just been hanging out So, key around our Airbnb Because we've been waiting for our friend Alexi to come Today we're going to be doing some super fun things So, I wanted to make sure I vlog I'm just vlogging like the fun moments on this trip I really just wanna see if this almond milk is good So... Andre, the almond milk is good Ugh... What is everyone hate my honey almond milk? If you guys don't know, I have never been to Hawaii And I've always dreamed of going to Hawaii That in Paris are two places that I've always wanted to go So, I get to check one of my bucket lists I'm gonna eat my breakfast and then we will see where the day takes us Can you guys reenact that? I'm gonna... I'm sitting here, sizzle, crumpling! Ah! I'm so soft, I'm so soft! I just sizzle myself in the mouth Oh my god, I like stuff like your che... Girl! You're so pretty che... I'm so sorry! I'm so pretty... Okay, what's on your ears? Yeah, huh? Do you have ice cubes? No, I'm good You're on anyone I'm kidding! It'll help! I just heard too many! Yeah! Take the ice cubes! Okay, this... Uhhh! You good? Pretty! Wow... sizzle Sunday going wrong! Bonjour! Is that a picture? No, it's a photo! We decided to drive to this really cute little juxtang and we actually saw this on our way home from the airport and it's so, so cute! It's just like the cutest little truck Look how cute it is, guys! I can't really roll stuff, I'm so mean! My camera's so zoomed in! Okay guys, so I just met a meli! She said she watched my videos, like how crazy they were at this random fursan! I was literally freaking out, I was like, we know, it has to be silly! Oh! I actually think it's really nice! It's very fresh! This is unlike any movie I've ever had! Come on, come on! Wow, Maui just knows how to do it! So, it is now a little bit later! It looks like I have mascara under my eyes, because... What do you know? We're just actually at the beach and like the shower, I actually didn't go on the beach, I just went in the shower! It goes so wide, it doesn't go in the ocean, it goes in the outdoor shower! It was a really cute shower, and I just thought it would be fun! We're acting right now, and we got our food! Alexa, what did you get? So, Andre got... What? They're still waiting for their food! I got my pizza without cheese, as you guys already know by now! Everyone's just like saying it's just so weird! It's only there because I get it! There's like not even sauce, it's just like tomato paste! Tomato sauce! Let me try this! It's okay! It just needs a little sauce! It's still dry! Oh, okay, now we really need sauce! No! Okay guys, so we are now at a little jewelry stand! We have these super cute like shell necklacees! They're very like visco-y! What kind of visco-y these are? I really, really like this one, I've always wanted like a puka shell necklace, I think this is called! But they also have like these ones! I'm gonna give this one to my friend Rachel, so hopefully she likes it! So, we're just not done with dinner a little bit ago! And we got back home and we quickly got ready because we're going out to take some some set pictures! I'm actually really late because they all are like ahead of me and I'm really slow! Also, I can kind of breath you guys! I am seriously out of shape and I know I always say this, but genuinely, not to like concern anyone! But I've been wanting to like actually try to get back into shape because I like just going up and down stairs like wins me so much! And it's like so sad! Like that I can't even do that! So, I'm gonna start working out again! Just to feel better, have more energy! Anyways, sorry I just really went off in a tangent! I'm going to put a little flower in my hair actually! Andre, are the flowers over here right? They're at this tree! Here's the flowers! There's just like some that fall on the ground! They're so pretty! But the trick is to find one that isn't brown! You actually want to go down? Go go down! Parkour? Parkour? Yeah! Parkour? Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! That's like so good! Oh, it looks so good! It's getting worse! Thanks, Lucky! You guys, the beach is seriously my favorite place! I found myself the other night, we came to watch sunset! And I was just standing out here watching the waves for like half a day! I was just standing out here watching the waves for like half a day! I was just standing out here watching the waves for like half a day! I was just standing out here watching the waves for like half an hour! It's so beautiful! And just like being in the moment and like not looking at your phone! It was just like, it was like peaceful! I've ever felt in a really long time! It probably sounds like really strange, but everyone actually always comes out on their balcony to like watch sunset! It's just like so cute! Everyone like gathers around! Hi guys! Happy Sunday! Oh honey, we know our friendship ceases from the one time! Hi guys! Happy Sunday! Actually, I should say happy Sizzle Sunday! If you don't know what Sizzle Sunday is, it's this new thing I made up where... You said it was all on a Sunday! You said it was all on a Sunday! Basically a couple weeks ago, I went to the beach with my friend Franny, and it was a Sunday! We sat out in the sun for a long time, and I got so sunburned, it was so bad! And I was like, oh no! I think I sizzled too hard on this Sunday! And then ever since then, on every Sunday, I've just been saying Sizzle Sunday, because I just think it's really funny! Now we're going to a go, a quick beach to grab something at the store! Sizzle Sunday! The link stairs recently! Do you ever just feel awkward in the store? We have moved the elevator! What they do? They're so real, they're farm fresh! They look a little...stale! A little...peak! Love is an open! Oh! We are now, stopped on the side of the road. We found this really cute little lookout squat, and you guys can see how pretty it is! Look at the ocean of the back! Is this so pretty, Andre? Look! This is sick on mode vibes! Alright, so Sidney wants a hanging upside down pick. Do you remember this? I'm nervous for you. I don't have my domestic skills in me. I don't know how anyone does it on Pinterest. Lundry's helping. Hold on, you see me like, uh... Let you go. We did it! Yay! We stopped at another location. We just took some group pictures, but Andre wanted me to take pictures of him, so I thought I'd vlog it, because usually it's the opposite. Andre's a photographer, but now I just gotta come through. They picked. Hey, how do you take them? How do you take them? You can't be playing them on. Oh, oh, oh! Got it, got it, got it, got it, got it! Is it model? Yeah. Hey, cheers! I love that! That camera is so hilarious. My arms are new to me. I like to love you everyday. I love you! I like to love you. I like to love you. I like to love you. I like to love you. I like to love you. This is a tag that's our last night in Maui. That's so sad. But we're gonna go get smoothies at the place we went to last night. Su-Dis! Last night Maui. I love you! I like to love you. I like to love you. Oh, hey guys, so Maui wants to play. A car game. This maybe our last night in Maui, but it's a party ain't over yet. Alright, here we go. Everyone know how to play? No, I said someone needs to explain it to me. Basically, you get a car and then you have to deal them. Or you have to put them in the middle. Duh! They saw the number that we were on. So, like, if you're on Tuesday and you put off your Tuesday and they make you have all those figured out. Okay, this is horrible. So basically, since it's a little dummy, you're gonna circle. Oh, no, it's rude and disrespectful. You're rude and disrespectful. Oh my god. Okay, no, I'll explain it. I'm expecting it. I'm expecting it. So, you put your Tuesdays down. I like to love you. I like to love you. Night and day. If I'm in it. Night, night, night.