 Hi guys, it's Sid and welcome back. [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ I would join some self-reflecting recently, specifically with my shopping addiction. I realize that I am very easily influenced, specifically with TikTok. Whenever I go on TikTok and I see someone wearing this really cute top or really pretty lip products, I just have no self-control and I buy it. But the thing about this that can benefit us all is that I feel like I've tried way too many things to the point where I've really narrowed down my favorites. These are truly my staples at this point. After all the things I've gone through, these have stuck with me. So I decided to categorize this video. When people ask me things, like, how do you smell so good? How does your hair look so good? And you know what? Now that I think about it, people really don't ask me those questions. I'm also going to try to find out all these things and link them down below for you guys. So it's easy if you want to check them out. [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ Something that is really attractive, I think, like, anybody is if you smell really good. Starting out is this body wash from Philosophy. This smells just like homemade whipped cream, but specifically homemade. If you've ever made homemade whipped cream, you know it tastes a million times better than store bought. Like, I want to eat it. It's a nice sweet smell without it being too sweet. Where it's like fake sweet. Kind of like those cookies that taste disgusting. It's like fake sweet. Sorry, if you like those, I'm really sorry. I know it's really controversial. We all know I'm easily influenced. And I have been seeing the bum bum cream on TikTok for so long, very late to the trend honestly on this one, but I finally got it. And I do think it is worth the hype. I love how it smells. Lightly sweet has this coconut almost maple smell to it. So I've been liking to use this body butter with the same brands and scent body mist. It's pistachio insulted caramel. I'm actually pretty picky with perfumes because I tend to get headaches if a perfume is really strong. I really like this one because it's not too overpowering. I also wanted to share this. This is the Deor hypnotic poison perfume. This has been my go-to. I think for the past four years and I don't know how it's not out yet. Again, a little bit of a lighter vanilla scent. I actually found this too by researching like the best perfume four years ago. I don't know why I wanted to smell so good and I was like, I need to find my signature scent. It's also timeless. I actually gifted this to my mom because she loves it so much. So now that we smell amazing, we need to have our hair also look amazing. I will never forget. I was at a hair appointment. The hairdresser took my hair. She went like this, she took a scissors and swiped down my hair and all of this white crusty stuff came off of it. She was like, I can tell you're using a bad shampoo. And I did feel embarrassed, honestly. I was like, oh, she recommended a couple brands. One of them being living proof. I took her word for it. I've been using these for a long time now. These are the full shampoo and conditioner. They are definitely on the pricey side, but I do find it leaves my hair super soft. It smells really good and it's not so weighed down by all of the build up in my hair like she showed me. But if you're looking to spend not so much on shampoo, I do really love a function of beauty. These are carried out target. They have customizable shampoo and conditioner. So depending on your hair type, I have straight hair. So this is the straight hair bottles. They have curly hair. They have frizzy hair, I think. All these different types. I have probably the world's most fine hair. It gets really tangled really quick. So this is a Leven conditioner by Sunbum. What's nice about it is it not only detangles and conditions, but it's also a heat protectant. It also has this really nice coconut fresh scent to it. It's like Hawaii in a bottle. Something I use pretty much daily by Living Proof is their full dry volume blasper. It just gives a lot of volume to your hair. You just spray it in the roots. And I found it really does add that extra bit of volume to your hair, especially if you have fine hair like me. Something that I really love to use when I put my hair in ponytail is to really get that slick back effortless clean girl look. Is the TIGI bedhead stick. It's like a little push up stick and you just rub it into your hair. It's almost just like a light sticky wax, but it's not overly sticky. Last for hair care. I know this is the most basic products. I feel like you guys know what I'm about to say, but it's the Dyson Air Wrap. I waited a long time to get this just because it is a pretty big purchase. I love the detachable heads. So like this is like the hair dryer. If I want to curl my hair, I can use this size barrel. It is my go too. So I had to share it. I love skincare. I have such a passion for it. Starting out with my cleanser. This is the Clarence Velvet Cleansing Milk. I feel like a lot of cleansers can really strip your face of all of its moisture and leaves it really dry. This does the opposite. I feel like my skin actually feels more moisturized after I use it. Like everyone else, I feel like I use my seller water to take off my makeup every night. This is the Garnier in my seller water. For moisturizer, I've been a huge fan of drunk elephant. First of all, their packaging is just so seamlessly perfect. It has the perfect consistency. It's not too thick. It doesn't clog up my skin. I've found that the most effective spot treatment for pimples for me is a drying lotion. I actually started using this in middle school, I think. This is a Maria Badescu drying lotion. And I'll just take a little bit of this with a Q-tip, apply it at night to any pimples I have. One thing about me is I do love a good face mask. So I knew the car has actually sent me a few of her face masks recently. And I love them. One of them that I use at night is the sleep star. And then this blue magic one is also so nice. It's really hydrating. And... Oh, also one more ran thing. I thought these at Target like a year ago, and I love using them. They're like water bowl things. And you just glide them across your skin. Don't really think they do anything, but they feel good. This next category only has a few products. For a quick overnight tan, the tanologist express tan will do the job. I get the sprayable tan water. Still usually do use a mitt just to make sure I rub it in. And it's even. And more expensive option that I also really like is the loving tan express tanning mousse. Loving tan also looks supernatural. I just hate when self-tanner looks orangey. If you self-tan, you would know it can get really splotchy. After a few days. Just using normal soap doesn't really do the job and taking it off for me. I found this. This is a Saint-Repais tan remover. This is actually just a foam. I take it, I rub it in before I shower. But I don't get into the shower for a good five minutes. I'll just stand outside the shower with the soaking into my skin. And then once I get in the shower and I use a lupha with body wash, it comes right off. And it just helps you don't have to like aggressively rub the tan or off. It just melts it right off. Lastly for face-tanner. I found the tan lux face illuminating self-tan drops. I got the shade medium dark. And then I mix it in with my face moisturizer. And the next morning I wake up and I look super glowy. And it just produces the most natural looking tan. It's good for my skin. And it doesn't break my face out. Okay, I'm going to put you guys on something that's going to change your mascara routine and your eyelashes. And I'm actually not being used to it. I'm actually not being dramatic. This really does make your eyelashes look so good. I don't know what it is about waterproof mascara. But there's something about it that when you curl your eyelashes and use waterproof, the curl lasts all day. You can see I used this today. I think you can kind of use any waterproof mascara. But the one that I love is the telescopic L'Oreal. One, the brush on this is perfect. It just keeps my eyelashes really separated and natural. If you haven't tried waterproof mascara, just trust. I love the Gimme brow by Benefit. I do feel like this is a household classic favorite by so many people. It has a little tint to it and I just feel like it keeps my brows in place. Another brow favorite that I love is this got to be glued, styling gel. I got the tiny one. You can get it at Ulta for I think $4. If you use this with a clean spoolie, your brows will not move. Something I've been doing with my makeup recently is putting a little white eyeliner in my waterline. And to do this, I've been using the Fake Wake by Tarte. It's like the perfect off white beige shade. I have it on right now and it just makes my eyes look more open and awake. For blush, I always seem to go back to this. This is the Ilya blush stick and the shade at last. I think I've talked about this a million times at this point. But it's my go-to. It's so natural looking and it blends super well into my skin. I'm a huge advocate for wearing sunscreen every day. I feel like all my older girlfriends ingrained that deep in my brain. So I use the Supergoop glow screen. This is SPF 40 and it has a little tint to it. So I sometimes use this in place of any foundation and it gives like a little bit of coverage and a nice glow. If I want something with a little coverage, I'll use this. This is the Glossier Skin Tint. I'm not usually a fan of heavy foundations on the day to day. And this is the most lightweight, sheer tinted moisturizer. It blends so nicely and it just doesn't even look like you're wearing anything. And of course, you have to have a good setting spray. This is the Charlotte Tilbury Airbrush setting spray. Your makeup will not budge with this. You guys know I had to do a whole category for lips because I'm just that obsessed with lip products. It seems. I always have to have something on my lips at all times and it's just my favorite makeup product. I always have like 20 different lip products in my purse. The perfect, perfect lip liner. I do believe is this Rare Beauty Lip Liner in the shade Humble. It really is like my lip color but better. And it's actually what I'm wearing right now. It's just a perfect shade. Like everyone, I love a good lip mask. Leneige has been one of my staples and I actually got it in this like little portable tube version. I use this at night sometimes during the day. I feel like I've tried every lip oil under the sun. These are my three favorites. The Deora Lip Glow Oil is of course a classic. The other two less expensive ones that I really like are the support collection lip oil. This is in Out Rages and it has a little plumping effect which is also nice. And then I also love this Clarence One in the shade Red Berry. This one also smells so good. And it tastes good. Lastly, this is kind of random. I found this at Ulta randomly. This is the Dr. Papa Tinted Red Ball. It's almost like a Vaseline but it just has a slight tint to it. And it's more of that sheer look which I love a sheer lip. I think this was only $3. Like I saw this at Ulta and I was like I just want to try this. And it actually ended up being one of my new favorites. The last category is hygiene. Well, sometimes it's not the most fun. It's very important. There's three things that I feel like really keep my teeth and mouth clean. The first one is a good whitening strip. This is the Crest whitening strips. I like the sensitive ones though because I have the most sensitive teeth. I also love this mouthwash. It's so random but it's the Therab breath. It's just very fresh without being too strong. There's no alcohol in this so. And then lastly, a tongue scraper. I know this is so weird. It's actually a really good way to clean your tongue. As much as it is disgusting, I do think it's a good thing to do. Well guys, that's everything for this video. Like I said, I'll leave links to everything below. So it's really easy if you guys want to try any of these out. We're going to be looking our best to the summer. And I hope you guys like these recommendations. But I love you guys. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in my next vlog. Bye guys.