 Hey guys, what's up? It's Sid and welcome back. Here's the thing. There's really nothing wrong with New Year's resolutions and kind of just finding inspiration to be a better version of yourself with the New Year, but um, wait where am I going with this? Since the New Year's here I thought it'd be perfect to make a video of me kind of just showing some things that I like to do when I want to reevaluate myself in my goals and my life, path, taking care of yourself and trying to like be the best version of yourself is a healthy thing and it's a great thing. So my favorite things to do are like a mood board. I like to kind of reevaluate my goals, what went right and wrong in the previous year. And I'm going to just take you guys along with me for all of that. Also, self-care is a huge thing for me. I'm going to start out the video by actually getting my nails done. There's really no reason for me to do this. Like I feel like this is a stretch. Like me starting the video with self-care by getting my nails done, but I'm doing it anyways. Okay guys, my nails are done. They look so nice. I want for that like clean girl nail aesthetic, wedding elite Bieber base, so we invent it. And I love it. Okay, I'm just watching the video. Like I'm obsessed with my nails guys. They look alright. The voice needs to stop. I am next going to do one of my favorite parts, my vision board. Vision boards, I think are honestly one of the most effective ways to manifest and really bring your goals to fruition because if you see that every day when you wake up and kind of see like the future that you want for yourself, it's just a good cycle for your brain to be in. I have made several vision boards in the past and I do actually feel like they're very effective and they actually work for me. They're also really fun because they get you inspired and motivated for your future, which is super important. So obviously the first step is I'm going to go on my Pinterest. Pinterest is so inspiring motivating. Like if you don't have a Pinterest, please make one immediately. Like exit out of this video, stop what you're doing, make a Pinterest, and then come back. So I'm going to gather my pictures and get them ready to be printed. These are just some of the pictures that I chose. Like I said, I had these all on my Pinterest boards so I just screenshoted them. I found some quotes, some random inspo pictures. By the way, it's following me on Pinterest, self promo, sorry. And I'm going to go print them now. Let's go because I don't own a printer for some reason. So I just go to FedEx. Okay, 20 minutes later and I have all of the photos printed. Also for the board itself, I went to Michael's a couple days ago and I decided to get a cork board. I thought it would be easiest and then I got some pushpins so I can just cut out the pictures and kind of just collage it in. I don't know what it is about my boards, but they're so much fun. They get me so inspired every time I make one of these. I will stare at it for a good three months. Like every morning, I'm just obsessed with it. They make it so happy and they're so fun to make. I know a lot of people make vision boards on their phones and then they'll put them as like their wallpaper or something. I like that idea, but I'm definitely someone who I need to see it like in person or at least I just prefer it that way. And then it's kind of doubles as Rindicor. Guys, my vision board is done. This is what it looks like. I tried to put pictures of just things I like and things that I want my future to look like. Graduating, I mean in May, if all goes according to plan. I put some cute quotes that I really like and I think are good for me to see every day. Some fashion in-spo. I might move. I want to get into piano again so I put that there. I want to travel. But yeah, I love it. This is literally my Pinterest in real life. And I'm going to set it on my desk right now. One of the biggest steps in my opinion for kind of just decluttering your mind is decluttering your space. Wow, that was like really poetic. I just said that. And I'm not talking clean because cleaning and decluttering are two very different things. There's a couple times a year when I need to kind of go through my makeup and like my books and my desk area. Just to get everything cleared out and kind of get rid of old things that I'm not using anymore. I have random products in my bathroom that I don't use. Like some of this makeup, I don't really use. And then I want to go through my skincare as well. Kind of clean out my medicine cabinet. I have made some pretty good progress, guys. So over here I have my skincare stuff as you can see. I wiped it down and I got rid of quite a few products that I just don't use. And then in here, this is my medicine cabinet. I have some extra skincare stuff that I do want to keep using, but I just didn't have space for it. And then up here I have more of my medicines. And then down here for my makeup. Like I said, these are just like extra makeup products that I have. I really did consolidate this, which is nice. And then I just have my spooly's back here that I use for my eyebrows. I have a spare makeup bag. And that's basically that. Now it's time for my books. I've definitely read quite a few of these, so I wanted to just kind of go through this. See if there's anything that I can get rid of. I'll show you guys what it looks like right now. I don't really have honestly that many books, but I do feel like it'd be nice to go through. I don't know if it's just me, but I think this looks so much better. I ended up getting rid of a few books, so I have extra room now on here, which is really nice. I have way more room for my jewelry now. And I also just decided to use this vase as kind of like a bookend. I actually got this really cute teacup at the Santax door near me like a year ago. And I've just been using it for my jewelry ever since. It's just so perfect. I love this so much better. I have way more space now. These are a few of the books that I'm getting rid of. And there's actually a little donation bookshelf near me down my street. So I think I'm gonna drop those off because I've never donated or taken anything from there before. I've wanted to, and I always stop there, but I never have my books like ready to give. It's raining. Okay, so this is the box I was talking about. Okay, I'm gonna give my books. And then I'm gonna see if there's anything that looks good to me. Oh wait, this is super cool. Wait, okay, yeah, this is good. Okay, got the book. Yay! I feel like those little book things are so cute, and it's something that I always drive by, but I never actually, like I said, have donated or taken a book. So I'm excited. So the last step, probably the most important for reshaping your mindset and your goals is actually writing out your goals. And I actually already wrote them out on this piece of paper. And I wanted to kind of just talk with you guys about them as I do my skincare for the night. I'm gonna be using a face mask that I found while I was cleaning my bathroom today, actually. They say that writing out your goals and even like verbalizing them just like to yourself is really important in terms of actually achieving your goals. So definitely write them out even if you have some in your head. I have about 10. So my first one is reading a book a month. I used to read a lot. I used to be super good with it. I was actually in a book club, which is a touchy subject. I really want to give it into it and read one book a month, which I feel like is honestly not that hard at all. Next, I want to learn one piano song a month. They say with goals, you know, you're supposed to be specific. I used to play it when I was younger, and it just makes me sad that I don't know how to play it anymore. The next school I have is to travel. I'm really fortunate enough to be able to travel, and when I graduate, I really want to go to Europe over the summer. I have a few places in mind. I want to try to start doing either like a hograw walk, just walking, or yoga three times a week. I feel like these are things that are just good for my body to keep myself moving and not stagnant. The next school that I have listed is to graduate. That one's pretty, you know, inferred at this point. Let's hope that happens. I mean, if I'll go to the morning to play and I should in May. So this next one is really, really important for me because this totally changes the trajectory of my day. And it's not using my phone for the first 30 minutes when I wake up in the morning. I remember someone telling me that if you go on your phone right when you wake up, it automatically puts your mindset into a reactive mode for the rest of the day instead of a proactive mode. And I remember hearing that night, like completely resonate because I really do feel like it completely changes the direction of like my mindset for the day. I also put on here that I want to advance my real estate investing. And then the last one I have is to see my family one time every two months. Well, now that my face is on fire, oh my god, it also hurts. So that cannot be good. But anyways, those are my goals. I'll be back. I'm telling you right now, this is not good. My face feels like it's currently getting third degree burn as we speak. I'm scared to like see what's underneath this guys. Ow. Holy, oh my god. It literally looks like I got sunburned. Dude, it's been like 15 minutes and my face is still on fire. I have the most sensitive skin. Like I've said this in videos, but I feel like maybe like people don't realize like I'm not lying. I hope you guys like the video anyways. Even when I ended poorly, you know, it was still fun. Getting motivated for things is just always nice. And you can always reinvent yourself. You can always become a better version of yourself if you want to. You never have to remain the same. I hope you got inspired by this a little bit. My next goal is to work on my skincare because this is not happening for me. I love you guys. I'll see you soon. Bye guys.