 Hey guys, what's the hope? It's it. Today's video, I am so excited for. I know school is coming soon and you may be excited. You may not be excited but let's just be excited. I am actually not in school because I did graduate a year ago but I did go through all my years of schooling and I thought it would be fun to do a video where I try to glow up for back to school. So I have a few steps to kind of prepare and get ready for back to school that I'm going to be sharing with you guys today. In this video, I am actually partnering with RedUp which I'm so excited about so thank you to them for working with me. This glow up isn't just going to be an external glow up, it's also going to be an internal glow up making sure that we're confident and ready for school year. The first step before going up for back to school is you want to make sure you have your nails done. Now I have my nails done, I just painted them but to be honest they're quite ratchet. These need to be fixed because I feel like when you have good nails, it just makes you look so much more put together. Alright, let's go get our nails done. Okay so it is now time to pick out an outfit. Like I said in the beginning of this video, I am working with RedUp so I'm super excited to be partnering with them but basically I just got my packages in the mail from Threadup because I ordered some pieces from their website and I'm going to just show a little mini haul of like the things that I picked up because back to school clothes shopping can get really expensive and if you don't know what Threadup is, it's known as the world's largest online thrift store and they basically have name brands on the website but they sell them for a lot cheaper like up to 90% off what you would normally pay for. So all these clothes are second hand which is really just good for the environment too. If you're looking for affordable pieces from back to school, I definitely recommend Threadup. Also I should mention Threadup is doing an offer right now where you can get up to 50% off your first order. All you have to do is just use my code Sydney at checkout. So excited. This feels like Christmas. So the first thing that I got is this red flannel which was originally from Old Navy. I really like flannels for school, I would always wear them because it's really cute to tie around your waist but also if I got cold because I would just like throw it on. This was actually originally $27 and I got it for $5.99. The next thing that I got is this Boston College sweatshirt and this is from MV Sports. In school, yes you do want to glow up but you also want to make sure that you're like comfortable in class. So this is something that I would wear on like probably like a test day or something. Originally this was $48 and I got it for 20. The next thing that I picked up is this really cute basic white t-shirt. This is originally from Topshop but this is actually something that I would have like worn in my flannel with because you can easily just tie it around your waist with a pair of jeans. Originally this was $30 and I got it for $13. The next thing that I got are these pair of distressed jeans. They're just a pretty basic pair of jeans but I feel like at school you always want to have a go-to pair of skinny jeans or just like any type of jeans. These jeans are actually originally from Zara and they were $60 but I got them for $17. And then for the last thing, this is originally from Target. I saw this really pretty blouse and this one isn't so much dress code but if you were to wear like a cardigan over something like this, if you would be fine. I think this is a really pretty color and it's definitely a little bit more dressy than like the other pieces I picked up and originally this was 20 but I ended up getting it for 14. I think for today's outfit, I really want to wear the red blouse. I think it's so pretty. But before I change, I'm actually going to do some skincare because we have to have a glowing skin so let's go do that. So I just got my probiotic shot and I decided to like pull over in this random neighborhood and it's kind of awkward because there's people like all around me but I decided to get the vitality shot because I was asking the lady when I was like checking out if she knew if there was like a good shot to take for your skin. And right away she said that this one, the vitality shot with turmeric is supposed to be really good for your skin so I just took her word for it and in this shot, there's coconut water, turmeric, lemon and black pepper. I don't know if you like shake it. Like what? Here we go. Oh my gosh. Alright, well I did it. At least it was quick. At least it was only this little bit. If I can do it, you can do it too. Hopefully this will make my skin clear the next few days. Obviously this is not like an immediate thing. You can't tell right away but I'll see you guys at home and the next step is face masks. Alright so I'm back at my apartment and it is now time for face masks. I just picked up this avocado one and I just get it in my hair. I think I need my cat ears to know how to skip my hair. One second. I literally use these cat ears guys all the time every morning when I do my makeup. I put these on because it helps so much to get the hair out of my face. Alright, face mask is off. Skin care is complete. So the next step before glowing up is probably my most difficult step that I don't do like as much as I should but it is working out. I feel like just to look your best and also just feel your best. Skin care is so important and honestly I shouldn't even be talking because I do not work out hardly at all. It's just something that I struggle with but I'm definitely trying to get better at it because I'm really out of shape. I'm gonna do a little ab workout obviously you don't see results after doing it once but it just helps you feel better and it's just good to start a little routine. So I have a little video that I'm going to follow from Alexis Ren. She has a little 10 minute ab workout. Why am I actually so nervous to do this? Okay now, oh my gosh. N bored my butt. We can talk right now. Do that workout. Okay, so I completed my workout. It's okay if you're not the best at it. As long as you try and you make an effort, that's all that matters. I feel pretty good though after working out, I always feel better. Just another reason to do a farigwilla because it's always good to feel good on the inside. Chairs being fit and Q-hide or flask. I just got out of the shower and it is now time to self tan. I always fail naturally. I just don't tan. I only burn. Right now, I am pretty much on my bail list. So when you have a tan, honestly, I just feel so much more... Better. I feel so weird filming this right now. My camera's about to die, so I'm going to finish self tanning and I will see you guys in a little bit. So it has been a couple hours since I've self tan. I still look really pale. But now it is time for makeup. I like to sit in front of my mirror and do my makeup. I feel like it's so much more fun. I also just don't like to stand in front of my bathroom mirror and do my makeup. So now that my makeup is done, I am back in my bathroom. Which means the last step of the glow up is to do our hair. I feel like majority of the time I wear my hair down and straight. So I thought it would be fun to add a few curls. I feel like that's always nice to do. Nice to do. What? So I'm just going to create some pretty loose waves. Okay, so my hair is now done. I'm pretty much all ready. I threw on the top that I was showing you guys earlier and I'm going to do the grand reveal even though you kind of already can see me. Yay! So this is my final look. I think it's so cute. I did throw on some heels too. I also did throw on some jewelry just to dress it up a little bit. But yeah, I guess this is the final result of everything that we did to get ourselves ready for school. Even though I'm not going back to school this year, I still think it was really fun. And I recommend that you guys do this because it honestly makes going back to school more exciting. But I hope you guys liked the video. I had a lot of fun filming it. Make sure to give this video a thumbs up if you liked it. I never really say that. Also make sure to subscribe if you're not already subscribed. Also make sure to follow me on Instagram because I do post frequently on there. So I will leave that link down below. But yeah, I hope you guys liked the video. Thank you for watching and until next time, peace. Bye guys. See you guys.