 Cute Bella Lopez Yo. Guys, I just really wanted to wear a hoodie for this intro with my hood on. I kind of feel like it's a bad idea. What's up guys? Welcome back to my channel. I am so stoked. I never used that word. I'm so pumped, excited, enthusiastic. I feel like every single year, during back to school time, I do a back to school clothing haul. Even though I'm not going back to school, I still think it's super fun to do these just to give you guys ideas of things that I would probably wear if I went back to school and just things that I wear in general. Did anyone just see me dab? I did not mean to do that. Why did I do that? Okay. Anyways, I did want to say a big thank you to Lulu's for sponsoring this video. I'm so hot. I'm just going to stand on my freezer for a second. So the very first store we are starting with is Forever 21. I just realized that they have bioverses on the bottom of their bags which I think is so, so cool. Forever 21 is just somewhere that I go to every year. Ever since I was like 14, I've just always shopped there. So I picked up just a few things. Actually, the first thing that I got was what I'm wearing right now. It's just this NASA hoodie as you can see. There's the American flag on the side. This is actually a crop hoodie though. So if you wear high-waisted leggings, it will make you look taller. Light hat. I'm just out with high-waisted pants. Makes you look taller. I would know that life hack because I'm 5'3". The next thing that I got is shocker. Another hoodie. This one is actually quite the opposite. I'm wearing right now. It's very long and it is just this flannel dress or so. It's definitely very oversized but I really love oversized hoodies also. I just really love how there's a hood on it in the back. Moving on to the next thing that I got. This is a skirt and this just screams fault me. When I saw this, I just thought it was so adorable. So it has like the little ties in the front and then in the back there is the zipper. And honestly, on this isn't too short. Depending on how strict the dress code is at your school, I just thought it was really cute. Depending on the dress code, you might be able to make this work. I all stepped up from Forever 21. I know this isn't closed but I just wanted to show it because I think this is the most practical thing ever. I've had these for so long. I just lose them. So I needed a new one. I was the girl in my school that would always brush her hair. I would brush my hair like between every single period. Most of the times it was kind of bad. Now that I look back, it was kind of unnecessary but I would always use a little brush like this. You flip it out and I just think it's freaking cool and convenient. Oh my gosh, I forgot. I was like it. I also wanted to show you guys that I picked up these socks. Okay, I'm like not flexible. I got these cool, how am I back row? I literally cannot do that. I'm just trying to show you. I got these really cool, minion socks. Honestly, I just saw them when I was in line and I bought them impulsively. The last thing I got, I know this isn't clothing related but I just wanted to show you. And I just don't think you realize how excited I am. You know, when you're in line at Forever 21 and they have the little buckets of things that you really don't need anything from there but you just buy them because they're cute. This is one of the things that I saw. And it is the classic pez candy dispenser. I am so excited. Okay, I kind of forgot how to do this. That's like so sad. Here it is. Okay, let's try this again. All right, so the taste isn't the best but you might just want to bring this to school just to flex on the haters. It's kind of cool. Now coming on to Lulu's, I did get quite a few things from them. They have so many cute things. I did get quite a few dresses from them since they are very well-known for their dresses. So the first dress that I got, I love this one, is this red little spaghetti strap dress. I think this is the most beautiful dress. I like this dress because it's very flowy and very, very comfortable so it's not going to cinch super tight to your body where like you can't breathe. Obviously, since these straps are definitely not dress code, I would just wear like a jean jacket over this or a little cardigan. I also got this dress from them and it's this yellow and white almost like a sun dress. These straps are definitely thicker than the other one. So if you have a three finger rule, this passes that. I just really like how light and playful this is. I think it's so pretty. I did like to dress up at school sometimes because it just made me like more excited to go to school. The next dress that I got is this white t-shirt dress. This one is definitely a very dressed code appropriate and it definitely is long enough because it almost goes to my knees. I like this because it is a dress but it's extremely casual. So you can just throw this on before school and that way if you're like in a rush and you don't want to have to match like a bottoms to a top, you can just throw this on and it's super quick. I did also get a jean jacket from them and it's just this really good quality jean jacket and this is something that I would definitely wear like I said earlier over the dresses just for dress code purposes but also because it's really cute. So the next thing that I got, I think this is so cute and I got this together intentionally because I think this would make a really cute outfit. The first thing is this top. It's a very high neck top as you can see. It is so comfortable and soft and stretchy. I just really like the stripes. I feel like this is a very classy shirt and then for the bottoms I picked up this black skirt and it's just so stretchy guys. It's seriously so comfortable. I feel like if you had a day where you had to do like a presentation or something this would be really cute and classy but like not too fancy. I just thought together this goes really well. And then for the last thing I actually got some shoes from them and these are just these little white, keb sneakers. I feel like these are such a staple to have because you can wear these with literally anything. They're also pretty tall so they have like little platforms which makes you taller. If you're short like me. Moving on to the next store is Paxon. This is like such a weird way to like hold a bag. I only picked up two things from here but I really really love these and I think they are so practical for school. The first thing that I picked up already has avocado on it. I went to Earth Cafe and I got avocado toast and then my sleeve like got on the avocado. I don't know why I feel like I really need to explain myself. Um. Anyways honestly when I saw this I thought it was going to be just like way too big but when I put it on I thought it was like the most comfortable thing ever. If you know me I really like comfort is my like number one priority and this is so soft and comfortable and it keeps you super warm so if you get really cold in class like I did this is a must and then the other thing that I got from Paxon is also a sweatshirt and it's just this oversized Oxford University pruneck. I did size up and get a medium in this because I do like a lot of my sweatshirts and stuff to be oversized. The inside is very soft and it's just super comfortable really cute just another option for a sweatshirt if you want one. Moving right along to the very last store. What's funny is for this outfit I was actually walking in front of the store and I saw the mannequin wearing what I thought was like the cutest outfit. It's definitely a little bit different like more edgy that I would usually dress. I picked up pieces and basically it copied the mannequin exactly because I just seem to like always get inspiration for mannequins. So the first thing is this top and this is just a pink Floyd band tea. It's just a very basic black tea and I really like like the vintage retro look to it and then to go along with this mannequin it was wearing this red floral skirt. It's definitely a statement skirt but I would never ever think really to put this outfit together the way that it was put on the mannequin just because I feel like the skirt is quite dressy but like with the t-shirt it's just not something I would normally do. And then they also threw on this dark wash jean jacket and this has some distressing in it but I just really like how it's dark wash. But yeah that's pretty much the outfit I feel like with it I would wear like athletic shoes like edidas shoes or maybe like commerce or something but yeah that is pretty much everything I got for the little haul today. I hope you guys liked it. I really love filming haul videos. They just really remind me of like the old YouTube and like they're very chill. You can just like grab a snack and hang out. I just feel like it's so fun. Again I just wanted to give a really big thank you to Lulu's for working with me on this video. I have links to everything that I showed in the video down below so you can shop the pieces. Make sure to give this video a thumbs up if you did like it. Also make sure to subscribe down below if you're not already subscribed. Also I am hosting a giveaway right now for back to school. If you didn't know in my last video when I went back to school shopping I basically went shopping for what if you guys for back to school and it was super fun. There's a lot of goodies in there. So if you want to enter I'll have the rules down below and I'll also have the video linked down below so you can listen to the rules like I explained it all there. The giveaway does end very soon so if you want to enter I would definitely enter soon but I hope you guys liked the video. Thank you so much for watching and until next time peace. Bye guys.