 Hello guys and welcome back. It's kind of crazy to think about the fact that four years ago I was sharing with you guys all of my college decisions where I was touring, picking the right school and now we're here and I'm literally graduating. I'm scared. I'm going to throw up. Oh my god, you're like making me nervous. I love to chat with you when I toured it. So here we go, here we go. Click here to be the latest update. I got a million! I got a million! But I just wanted to say thank you guys before I start the video for just supporting me honestly through all of my life decisions throughout the years. I hope you guys enjoy the vlog. It's a fun one. Let's get into it. I'm graduating. This is it! That was really dramatic. Sorry. It's graduation weekend. It's Saturday morning. I graduate tonight at 5 p.m. And obviously I'm just starting the day and of course what am I going to do? Vlog it. This is such an important day for me. It's such a big day. I'm so excited. I'm also really really sad. Actually if anything I'm more sad. I'm just so sad to leave my roommates, my best friends, my room is all packed. Look at it you guys. The past year of living in this room is done. Everything is gone and has been shipped out. My closet is completely bare. Oh, oopsie! I was like, definitely the only one not ready. You are. Everybody's out there. Oh, oopsie! Tell them I'll be like 5 minutes. This next 24 hours is going to be actually crazy because I graduate and I move literally tomorrow morning. I fly home. But as you could see I'm running late. Per usual nothing's changed for me. Clearly. We have a little brunch going on right now with just like a few of our really close friends and family. I'm going to get ready for that first. It's like a little at-home brunch. Just really low key to celebrate with me and to my roommates, my and Ashley. Okay makeup is done. It's super light. Just casual for brunch. It's kind of hard because since I'm moving I shipped all of my packages. Everything is already gone. I have no options. So yesterday I set aside this dress to wear today and it's super cute. It's like this floral cinched dress. So I'm going to put this on and I have to go. I'm literally so late guys. I'm so loud. Okay. So this is the dress. It's honestly pretty casual. Then I have on my Air Force ones because I packed all of my other shoes. And I should go out because no I'm really late. I'm so excited. That's my brother. Happy graduation. Very good. Shout out to city for me my first SBC friend. Yay. My first five sorry. Shout out to city for me my only friend. Let's shout out to my self for graduating. Congrats to Sydney. So I would remeber about semester and then make some friends. Love you and wish you all the best. Congratulations to you. You did it. You did your work and you did your career and you did your school. Give it all. Congratulations. Okay. Cheers to Cameron. Cheers to Apple Beads. Happy graduation. Sydney we're so proud of you and we love you. So I ended up a target. I realized that I packed all of my shoes including my heels which I need for the ceremony. I'm trying to buy some right now. These seem good. I actually have these in a different color and black and I wear them all the time so I feel like this will be perfect. My last time in this target I'll miss you. I'm home from my errands. I feel like I have the hat the most long like weird day ever and I'm gonna get ready for graduation. I like can't believe this is happening. I feel like this isn't really actually happening. I also take a long time to really register things until it happens. So like until I'm actually there then it will feel real. It's such mixed emotions but all right that's enough of the sadness. My parents are at their hotel right now. I just dropped them off. I have my cap and gown over here. So this is my grad dress. Also I was picking at my acne on my chest. It's all red right here. Anyways I'm just gonna get ready. I actually have to leave literally in five minutes like why am I such a last minute person? Okay my gown is on. This is so emotional. Like I kind of hate this. This is it. Wow. This is too much. Guys should I put curls in my hair? Yes. Oh my god I'm late. I'm so late. I'm so late but my hair is curled. Hey guys I almost really missed it. She almost did. Like I swear I'm here to see that. It's getting. We're lined up. Can't believe I made it honestly. Girl me too. Shout out to the transfer. Shout out to the Suffolk University. Shout out I'm Aries. Shout out Paisy. Went to highly competitive industry alone. But in addition, we're in patients nationally as well as in West Coast. Sydney Parapski. Guys my friends. Oh my god. Oh my god. I'm so excited. I'm so excited baby. Too easy. She's the baddest one at this graduation. Our girl is a queen. She's smart. She's educated. And she's ready to go out into the world with a degree. This is too easy for her. Too easy for her. The next challenge. Please my next job if I doctor it. Oh I'm joking. I'm really like that. It looks so pretty. I think she likes it guys. It looks so cute. Run into her arms together. I said it's shaking me. We stole your vlog camera. And we just wanted to say we're so proud of you. You're amazing. And you're just such an amazing best friend. We're so proud of you. We're so hard. And you're such an amazing person. And you're so goofy and funny but you're also just a genuine person. Care about everyone so much. And we love you. And we are so honored to be your best friend. Go spread the love in the world said we love you. I'm so proud of you. We're not misses for the world. Who are you? I'm a fat zit. The only thing that's fat is your ass. Andrew Diploma. What was your best memory from Chai? I think just like living with my for days. That's not a specific memory but like living in the house. And anything of any other memory? So one time. We were talking earlier like a crazy thing is like I was here to move sitting in. That's crazy. Now you're a chai. At last after a long days work you're like fine dad. I'm hot. Okay we are so proud to leave you. So of course I'm about to an outro. Again I'm popping back here to say thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed. I cannot wait for this next new chapter of my life. I feel so excited. I'm just so grateful for my experience at college. And I'm excited to take you guys along with me. Of course just like I have my entire life. But I love you guys. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you guys in my next video. Bye guys.