 I'm back! Music Long time no talk. Okay, I'm still awkward. Nothing's changed. Hey guys! It's said, welcome back to my channel. It feels so good to like finally say that for the first time in almost two months. You guys didn't know, I'm sure most of you do know. I decided to take a break from YouTube for the first time. And I'm finally back! This is me cheering for myself. I don't know. I'm so excited to be posting again. I have so many exciting videos coming up for you guys. I just wanted to say thank you guys so much for sticking with me and really understanding where I was coming from because I was really nervous to upload that video. But you guys left the sweetest comments. I just really appreciate you guys. Thank you. The past couple months, I really learned so much about myself and that was the whole purpose of me taking this break. Just living life, not having to think about posting and uploading. It was definitely such a good break for my mental health. I'm sure as many of you know, I'm a really big advocate for mental health. And this was just kind of my way of acknowledging my mental health and putting my mental health first. And I really encourage you guys to do the same because this was one of the first times I really listened truly to myself. And it really paid off and it's been the best thing for me. If you guys have something in your life that you're trying to work on, remember to always put your mental health first. Mental health is so incredibly important and your mental health matters. I'm really excited to be back. Oh my god, is there a bug in my ear? Ew. Okay, that was dramatic. My first video back, which is this video, is gonna be a vlog taking you through my life. Kind of on my break here. I'm in Estona. What I've been up to. And I hope you guys like it. And I hope you guys are doing well. Do I have food in my teeth? That's the worst thing when I film and then after I have to refill my, because I have food in my teeth. So I just got nervous. Also, you're sitting on a traffic cone right now. Anyways, I love you guys. I hope you enjoy the vlog. And let's get started because I'm back, baby. It was so loud. Me and my mom. Okay, I was just respectful. I'm trying to vlog and these cars that are driving by. So me and my mom are in Minneapolis today. We're getting a hotel for the night. No reason at all. I just really wanted to. So we're gonna have a little girls day. We're going thrifting and in teaking. We got back from thrifting a little bit ago. I thought I would show you guys some of the things I got before we go to dinner. Oh, I don't think I said we're at the hotel. I should do a hotel tour quick. It's a mess, but it's a beautiful mess. This is our room. We're staying in Minneapolis. Look at our bathroom. Ula. And this is our view. Okay, my mom's filming next. I don't have a trip. This was like the best or forever, by the way. If you're in Minnesota, I'll leave a link to it down below. The first thing I got is this twins jacket. I don't know if you've considered this a letter of varsity type jacket. The materials kind of like that. I just think it's so cute. I should put it on first. Cute. Next we have this baseball tee. I just really like the colors to this. I've been looking for a baseball tee for a really long time. So I like to pair casual stuff like this with really nice gold jewelry. It's kind of dressed it up a little bit. I also got this t-shirt. It's some race carting. I don't know. I just really liked it. I like the colors to it. I think if I like tucked this into some boyfriend rib jeans, that would be super cute. So yeah, that's everything I got. At the top of our hotel, there's actually like a rooftop bar. Also, I know I say that wrong. Everyone says I say riff wrong, but I think it's a Minnesota in way to say it. Anyways, that's my side point. I think I'm gonna wear this black dress, my friend. The university me gave me is so cute. Oh, you're that? I'm so cracked my arm. Did it time? Am I ready first? And voila! This is my outfit for dinner. I'm wearing this black little dress. I got this from our friend Christina, but I think she got it from Princess Polly. My shoes are from Naked Wolf. I've been really loving shoes from Naked Wolf because they have like a platform to them. And since I'm pretty short, they make me a lot taller. I'm wearing my little purse from Brandy Melville. This jacket is from Melrose Trading Post. Did you wear it? I'm just wearing like my big gold hoops, some layered necklaces. Why tell them what you say about black dresses? Oh, you always have to have a little black dress in your closet. So that way, there's ever little gathering or cocktail party. You need to have something fancy, but simple. Yes. I'm ready to go. So I forgot my pants. I only wore a dress yesterday and I'm wearing my pajamas shorts. I don't have anything else to wear. Oh, I'm wearing the shirt. I got yesterday thrifting though. So I love that. I saw this thing on TikTok this morning and it was like a good outfit makes any bad day better. So it's now later in the day. I don't know why I'm wearing sunglasses in. I'm not getting paparazzi or anything, so that doesn't... Let me just start over. So right now I am driving to dinner with my grandpa. I just need to tell you guys a really scary story because there's really tragic going to just happen to me. I'm still emotionally recovering from it. So basically, I put on this clear ring. I put it on my middle finger and I was like, ooh! You know what a ring just feels too tight? Like too tight for comfort? That's what this felt like. So I tried to remove it and I kind of removed it. So what did I start doing? Panicking. It took me like two minutes, but I did indeed get it off. Oh, I don't want to flip you guys off. But it was like kind of swollen. I think it's better now. Alright, I'm gonna go to dinner. I am on the road now, so see you guys in a bit. Oh, I'm so nervous. I'm so nervous. Yeah. I'm so nervous. Bug off my window. Go. Get off. Get off. You see that thing? It's literally disgusting. You. Hey guys, so we're at dinner with my grandpa. Wanna say hi? He didn't help me except Sydney tempted me with chips. You asked for the chips, but... You could have said no. You're okay with me. Very good. I read this in nine. Guys, I'm facing one of my biggest fears right now. It's called the exposure technique where you do things that you really don't want to do. And it makes me more confident. So I'm doing it. I'm vlogging in public. This makes me nervous. And it never used to. I should just shouldn't care what people think of me, you know. But it's also easier said than done. Anyways. Oh, so good though. Like 10 out of 10. Spend time with your family. Spend time. Parents, your grandparents. It's a new day. It's a new life. It's dinner time. I don't know. I'm trying to be creative. Wanna say anything? Hi. Minnesota. Okay. So your camera skills aren't the best. Vlogging isn't for everyone. You know what time it is? Family photo time. Guys, this is Ashton. My brother. You may remember him from our prank videos. We also don't talk about those. Those prank videos are in the past. Oh, these are good pictures. Comment below if you think we look alike. I think we look alike. Yeah. You just like me like, you know, 20 years ago, was on here in the year. Actually speaking of me being the girl version of you, everyone on TikTok is commenting saying that I look like the girl version of Vinnie Hacker. I don't see it at all. Like I've tried to see it and I just can't. I can't see it. I don't know how to feel about that. I just like, I cannot see it. I wonder how it looks like. Update. It's raining. Thanks so much. Ooh, the law. That looks delicious. I got an orange salad with some chicken. Alright guys, I'm at Rachel's house. If you don't know Rachel, Rachel's my best friend. And I'm picking her up. We're going skateboarding. Ah! It's me, cheers. Oh. Oh my gosh, are they? Oh yeah, I forgot them. Don't ask why we had these. Ah! Me too. So I learned a skateboarding trick. But I need assistance with it because even though I think I can do it, um, she can. She's skinny. That's actually it. I just can't. Peter, can you just do that? Ah! What was that? Oh my god. Oh my god. Guys, it's Father's Day. I woke up 10 minutes ago, gotten caught. Got ready so fast because I slept through my alarm again. I have problems where I sleep through things so... Yeah, that's why Donald took a treat. Anyways, it's Father's Day. Happy Father's Day, Dad. Thank you. Happy Father's Day to all the other bibs out there. Yes, all the other amazing dads. Happy Father's Day. We're getting some lunch at our favorite. Restaurant. Well, this isn't our favorite. It's close. Let's just be honest. It's convenient. It also looks like I was crying, but I wasn't. Do you like my slides? Yes. Thank you, Mia. You're not even mine. They're my friend Mia's. Yeah. I'm so sorry. Yeah. How do you feel on the Father's Day? A little old, pretty good. Oh, the Father's Day. Oh, I know. Is that Joey from Friends? Yeah. I know. I know. I know. Yeah. Oh. I know. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. It's not that bad. It's not that bad. It's not that bad. It's not that bad. Oh. It's not that bad. It's not that bad. It's not that bad. Yeah. What's this? I don't know how to vlog. I'm sss. Oh, I mean, you three start. Okay. I am now about to get my craft on. Alright, there's actually a backstory to this. So I followed this girl on Instagram. I saw her wearing this super cute shirt. So naturally, I wanted to find out where she got it and buy it. I literally cannot figure out where she got it from. And I don't think they sell it anywhere online. It's just red shirt with these handprints on it. I'm obsessed with it. Since I can't find anywhere, I thought it'd be fun to try to make it. It's going to be an adventure. It's also so weird here because you don't have to wear masks. I'm going to sew it anymore. I have the back seam, which I do. Yeah, I feel very strange because in California, you have to. So they have like a tank top instead of a t-shirt. That would make it so much easier. There's no tank tops to be found. Also in the picture, hers wasn't really a tight tank top. But I kind of think that would be cute. So I might get like a youth t-shirt and then cut it. I don't know. This is like the perfect size. It's a youth medium. I don't know how I fit into this. Probably some five foot two. I'm going to attempt to cut this t-shirt into a tank. We have a problem. So I just realized in order to not have the white sew up on this transfer, I have to cut out all of the white. And that might sound so implied, but I didn't realize that. Here we go. Okay guys, it's taking way longer than I anticipated it would. So I have all of the fingers in hand weight. It makes friends. I have the hands on the shirt, but I have to like peel the backing. And I'm going to iron it up. So it should be simple enough. Okay guys, here is the final product of the shirt. I'm definitely not exactly like the picture, but I'm going to try it on. I guess, and just see how it looks. I actually really like it on, except this is definitely too wide. I want it to be more like a tank. So I'll probably just cut this in a bit more. I don't know, I think it's actually pretty cute. Ooh. Okay, this is actually I think it's success. Woo! DIY actually didn't fail this time. And now you guys know how to make this. If you decide to make this, take a picture, DM it to me on Instagram or tag me. You can always make something. If you can't buy it, be creative. Mom, I want to see. The head is good, what do you got? Do you like it? It's so good. Well guys, that concludes today's video. I hope you guys had fun hanging out with me. I'm so happy to be back. Again, I just wanted to say thank you guys for being so nice to me on my break. I'm so so excited to host you again. But I love you guys, and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys. Bye.