 Hey guys, what's up? It's said as you can tell by the title of this video, I am going to college. Yeah! Yeah! I am so excited. I haven't literally waited to tell you guys this for so, so long. I'm sure a lot of you guys might be confused as to why I moved home so abruptly and I have so many answers for you guys. I'm just so sorry for leaving you guys hanging for so long. I have so much stuff to update you guys on and just so much stuff that I have been thinking and all the things that led me to this decision. I'm going to just quickly start by briefly on explaining why I move back to Minnesota so rapidly. If you guys didn't know, I lived in LA for about a year and a half. My least was about to end and I really wanted to come home for the summer and just be with my family before I went to college. But with everything going on, I just decided it wouldn't make more sense for me to go home earlier instead of later. That hopefully explains why I moved home so suddenly. I know so many people were confused about that and honestly I would be too because it was very like, it was very very sudden and I like moved out with them like 48 hours. Don't recommend that. It was very chaotic but I feel like my life is like very chaotic. Also my hair is now blue. Anyways, in LA I was pretty heavily involved in the industry while I was there because that was like the reason I was there was for social media and I met so many amazing people and I really think it was such an amazing experience just to see the industry and like the ins and outs of it. I noticed that when I was there, not a lot of the influencers, at least ones that I met typically go to college. It just wasn't ever something people really talked about. I had always wanted to complete my degree because in high school I did get my associates degree. I knew I was wanting to finish my degree at some point but I just thought I would do it online. A lot of people were like, why would you go? You don't need to go to college and I understand that point of view. I really think education is so important and I'm gonna talk about that a little bit later. I think it could be a good idea for influencers to go to college. Obviously it doesn't apply to everyone but I think it's gonna open my eyes up and show me a new perspective. I do see and I really like want to be careful how I word this. There's almost this like movement and pressure to not go to college and I see this from like many different people. This isn't at one person at all. I just see it being talked about a lot more where people argue that college really isn't useful anymore. You don't need it and a degree is really not that valuable. You can work on your own and get to where you need to be without a degree. I understand that side of things. I don't think everyone needs a college degree and I think it's a very personal decision but just as much as people are arguing that you shouldn't go to college, I think there should be just as many people if not more arguing that you should consider going to college. College can change your whole life. It opens the door to so many other opportunities that you probably wouldn't have gotten without a degree because obviously it's not just a piece of paper. It's great something that you work for many years and you work hard and obtain this knowledge which then you use towards a career. It really isn't just a piece of paper and I really don't understand that argument that really doesn't make sense to me. I just want you guys to know if you are considering going to college or if you're just like on the fence about it, really consider it because if you are able to go and you have the opportunity, it can be so valuable and it can just broaden your horizons and open so many doors for you in the future. I don't mean to put any pressure at all on anyone. This is just me speaking my opinions so like take what you want with the greatest all. The college can be so life-changing and the decisions that you make at this young age I am 19 right now can affect you for the rest of your life. Don't just think of it as a waste of time and money because oftentimes it will definitely reward you in the future. You'll also learn so much and just become so much more educated and I am so blessed that I am able to go and I am able to financially support myself and go to school and get that education. I like do not take that lightly at all. I do want to say I will be a business major so I'm going to be majoring in either business marketing or management and I'll probably be there for about two or three years because like I said I already did courses before. Another reason I really want to go to college is I genuinely miss learning. I miss learning about new things. I feel like I'm kind of in this repetitive cycle right now where I understand my work. I've learned a lot from it but I don't feel like I'm progressing. I kind of feel like I'm stagnant a little bit and not in my career or anything but mentally. I just want to learn more about different things and become more well-rounded. I'm just always looking to better myself and I feel like life is about broadening your horizons continuing to strive for new goals and pushing yourself because I never want to be comfortable. I feel like if I'm ever comfortable that means I'm not pushing myself hard enough. I'm just ready to challenge myself in a different area. I will say that the major thing that was holding me back from going back to college was balancing this social media and school just because social media is a full-time job and it takes a lot of time but I kind of realized something that if I want something bad enough I'll make it work and I think that goes for so many things in life. I feel like these are going to be like the most busiest years of my life and I know it will be a lot too handled but I also know if I plan correctly I can do my best to try to manage everything and I don't want my career to hold me back from something I really want to do which is me getting an education and I don't think that should be something that stops me but with that being said I'm going to be 100% continuing everything on social media this is not like a goodbye or anything like at all. I actually kind of see it as like a new beginning because I'm so excited to start filming college videos and like moving into the dorm. Another thing I wanted to add is I think it's really important to recognize that your past has led you to where you are at this moment. I didn't quite get the high school experience. Actually I really didn't get my high school experience like at all. I don't really mind that you know because I did online college and I think that time was super good for me to learn more about myself and that was kind of when I grew my social media during that time and then me moving to a lay I also think was a really cool step that I took and I think it really challenged me and I'm super glad that I did that as well. So I don't regret anything I am very grateful that I did what I wanted to during those times and now I think college is just like the perfect stepping stone for me you know don't be yourself up over your past you shouldn't live in regret I don't live in regret because I'm grateful for every decision I made that led me to this point and I think you should be the same way. I don't think living in regret is that all a good thing. Sorry I don't know why I'm just holding this. Living in a lay also taught me so much about the types of people you meet. It can be hard to make friends in a certain way because a lot of it's work related so you'll film with your friends you'll collab with your friends your friend why did I say that weird and I love all my friends so much this is nothing to do with anyone at all. I did have like a couple instances where maybe I would work with someone and you just really don't know if it's like a friendship that is a genuine friendship or if it's more of like a work friendship which obviously there's like a point for both you know people have co-workers that they do work with and you know you do become acquaintances that way but then kind of in the social media world it's kind of blended together personal life and work life so it can be kind of challenging to know hey like are we just work friends or are we actually like friends that are gonna hang out outside of social media yeah I'm just excited to meet people who don't do what I do I think that's really cool to meet people with different stories I'm also excited to experience college and go to sporting events and meet other people at the college I just think it's gonna be really a cool experience it is also important to note that you don't know what's gonna happen in terms of social media I mean by saying you I mean me you know no one knows because social media youtube instagram could literally go away tomorrow and it's not any of our control I don't want to be at a point where it does go away or something does happen and then I don't have a backup plan I think that getting a degree will be so beneficial just to have like the comfort of having a backup plan will be nice and I think it's just something to think about in the future because I always want to like keep all my doors open and I encourage you guys to do the same I feel like I just talked so much I don't even know what I said I just say it during my whole time this is actually the first part two a three-part series this is part one and then part two is gonna be my college tours so I've logged all that and that's gonna be up next week the third part to the series is me telling you guys my decision of where I'm going I'm so excited for this little mini series I think it's gonna be so fun I do also want to add that my parents did not make this decision for me in any way this was like a hundred percent my decision and while they did like factor in their opinions this was ultimately my choice and it was something that I wanted to do I really hope you liked this video and I hope if you are considering going to college you think about the positives and the amazing opportunities it can bring you and how valuable education really is and I hope that if you are in college or if you're going to college that you're really really excited for yourself and all the opportunities that are ahead of you at the same time again I just want to stress that everyone does what they want to do in life and that's what's so cool is that you make your own decisions I'm not here to bash you or judge your decisions I am a very non-judgmental person I think you should do what's best for you at the end of the day I have so many friends at our college and I have so many friends at our and college and I love all of them equally I just wanted to bring some light to the amazing opportunities that college can bring and just kind of share my thoughts I love you guys so much I hope you guys are just as excited as I am I feel like this is just gonna be a whole new journey for all of us so I hope you guys are excited I love you guys thank you so much for supporting me through all the years I've said this before but I really don't know what I did to deserve you guys I love you guys so much thanks for watching see my back videos bye