 Before the video- oh my gosh my voice! Let me try that again. Before the video starts, I'd like to do a montage for my first apartment ever. I'm trying to film. I don't want this feature dramatic, but also it's like, cosmetic for no reason. I didn't mean to make it dramatic, but to my first apartment, cheers! I'm trying to film. I heard kind of, hey guys, so I'm basically filming this intro for the second time. When I filmed this intro in LA, I feel like I just didn't articulate things correctly. So I've been in Minnesota now for about a week. I was originally going to move home a month ago and no. Nope, that made no sense. So I was originally going to move home in a month from now. And there's a whole separate reason besides what's going on right now that I was going to move home in the first place. And I'll tell you guys that reason later on soon enough. I hate when people say something, but they don't fully say it because it's just annoying. I'm sorry, but I just can't tell you quite yet. But yeah, there's a whole reason I was going to move home and I was getting ready for that. But then once you know what, you hit, I have to believe it because I don't know, YouTube's being sensitive with that word, I guess. A lot of my friends and family were just kind of urging me to go home as well as myself. Like I just felt like I wanted to go home earlier. Just because everything that's going on and I lived alone in Los Angeles, if you didn't know, I really wanted to be with my family during this time. So I decided to move home a little bit sooner rather than later. I should mention I made the decision and I moved out within like 48 hours of making this decision. So it was pretty abrupt to say the least. So that's why everything was so rushed in this whole process. My dad and I took a road trip across the country. We drove. So that was an adventure. There is a part two to my moving vlog, which is coming soon. So I'm excited for you to see that. Please stay safe. Please wash your hands. I'm so sorry to all who are being affected by this. This is a really difficult time, but I know that we can all get through it. So get ready for Minnesota videos. I'm so pumped to be home. But without further ado, here is my moving vlog part one of two. Here we go. I'm going to start packing and this is going to be actually kind of fun. I don't know why I'm like excited for this, but I should mention, my apartment complex is going to be taking care of my couch and coffee table and the bigger items. So I have to focus on all of my clothes and like my essentials and stuff like that. I would have movers help me with this, but I don't think movers are doing much right now from what I've been told because of everything. So this is going to be a one woman show. To think that I just organized my closet too, I just wasn't planning on moving out this suddenly. I don't have moving boxes. So I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to use my suitcase as my major source for most of my clothes. I am very overwhelmed and stressed out, but that is not the attitude we should have. It will be fine. So we find. I mean, totally, totally fine. So I think I have all of my sweatshirts in here. I'm going to try to zip it up. All right, suitcase number one done. So I'm packing some other things in my carry on right now, just because I need it for extra storage. This is all I have. Something I like dresses and sets in here. Right now, I'm going to move on to my short sleeve shirts and tank tops. I don't know how much is going to work though. I'm going to be innovative. At least try to be. And I'm going to use these e-bags that my mom got me. Basically, they're just like little packing cubes where you can pack your clothes into and it consolidates them. I've never used these before. So convenient that I have these right now. She's a big girl. Hey guys, so is now the next day. I look kind of crazy because I'm stressed out. I have never moved before. I mean, I did, but when I moved here, it was so easy because I just ordered everything online and then had the furniture and stuff just delivered. And I only took a few things with me. So this is a whole mission for me trying to get everything moved out. I am wearing the same exact outfit as yesterday. So sorry about it. Basically, right now, I should have thought that you guys actually on what I've done so far today. I've just been packing all day. Trying to get everything ready because tomorrow is when we leave. My dad is flying in at 8 p.m. So I'm going to pick him up from LAX and then take him back here. We'll get everything ready to go and then we're going to leave right away in the morning. Hi, I'm out of breath. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. This is what I've got done so far. Okay. I see you. This is what I've done so far and then, oh wait, by the way, if you want to look through this and take anything. Oh, okay. This is not a little giveaway. This is my pile over here. Is this a lot of stuff to like move? Like, it's just like a lot for one person to have. No, I have more. Oh. I don't even saw my stuff. Yeah, I just feel like I have so much stuff, but hopefully, I'll fit to my car. Um, but I still have to like go through all of this and all this. It's kind of a mess. Okay, now I'm going to take down these. I'm using a spatula. I don't think I'm getting one. I'm like, I'm like, Christy Krabbo. I'm like, Christy Krabbo, not active, either. Okay. Okay, guys, so I just took down the little album covers. Alexis helping me with my little mirror area. And then I'm going to try to save these and put them up in Minnesota. I don't know if it will actually work. Thanks sis for helping. Well, this is like the first time we hung out, bro. Or one of the first times we hung out. Look at these, though, look at guys. Okay. Okay, guys, so it is now later. And my dad is here. So basically, it's been a really long day. Um, I broke out and hyped. I don't know if you can tell. But my dad's helping me to move everything. It's currently like 930. This is the pile that we have here. We have to bring this all to my car. And my dad's helping me to like get my piano and stuff ready. Long trip. We're all in this together. Okay. We're all in this together. I'm thinking of girls. I'm next. You know that Zach, I probably didn't sing in the high school. Is it? That was the guy saying. He didn't sing? Really? Oh my gosh, that was Zach or Drew Sealey that saying. Oh my gosh. Is it ratchet to use trash bags? Is this for clothes? Ratchet to hell. It's key box. Oh my gosh, it's not shutting. I just shut it and it like crunched. So this is taking a lot longer than I anticipated it would. I feel like I always underestimate like everything. Right, I'm going to pack up all of my like bathroom things. The last major thing I have to do. Okay, I mean I crack here so that's why I sound like this. But basically this is what the apartment looks like right now. It's so empty. It looks so weird. My dad has a snoring problem. So basically he moves the couch in the bathroom. This is so weird. Hopefully this works. I can't. And he's a bonfire. How long do we have left? Wow. No, what to do. Thanks for watching.