 Good morning guys, it's said and welcome back. I am currently getting ready for my day. It is 10 a.m. with a late start. I did hit snooze one too many times. I'm currently getting ready because I'm going to a late day. While I would never live there again, a late is just that place that I can handle in doses and doses only. It's just a lot for me. I cannot believe that I lived there for two years sometimes. Like I think about that and I don't know how I did it. If you've never been to a late, it's just such a different like subculture there. Truly different than any other place I've ever been before. There are some fun things to do there that you just can't do anywhere else really. For example, AirOne. Where else are you going to buy a $20 smoothie? As far as like, you know what? I'm just going to make this a day trip for myself. Go back to my roots and really find my inner LA girl that I don't have. I'm picking my outfit right now. I'm kind of between these two tops. I love this top. I think I'm going to try this one first. I actually got this in LA at I am Coco. I could also wear this from Almighty, which has a little more color. Okay, I love this top. Now it's pretty dramatic, but I do think this is my favorite shirt that I own. This is definitely LA Streetwear vibes. Something about the pants just throwing me off. I think they're just too light for this outfit. Okay, these are a lot better. These are just some low-waisted jeans that I threw on. From Hotel Rocks. I love them. I threw on some jewelry and then from my shoes, I threw on my naked wolf shoes. These are massive. And they make me look so much taller, which is why I wear them because I'm 5 foot 3 and some days I want to be 5 foot 6. One hour later and I made it to LA. My first stop, which I feel like is just obligatory. Obligate. How do you say that word? Obligatory. My first stop, which I feel like is just necessary. It's almost mandatory if I'm going to LA is Aeroan. If you don't know what Aeroan is, it's a very, very bougie grocery store. I think I've only been here like twice before, but I've been wanting to. So bad ever since I saw Haley Bieber has a smoothie here. It's like $20 or something. It's so extra up. I do need to try it. I feel like nervous to go into the grocery store. I feel like I just don't belong here. I am literally. I'm so excited to try this. I feel like it's like concerning how excited I am to drink a smoothie. Look how perfect this looks. Hey, am I scared? What if it tastes like horrible? I just spent $20 on this. It's actually very good. It kind of tastes like a strawberry shortcake in smoothie form. It really does taste as good as it looks. I wasn't sure if it was going to be one of those, but it looks good, but tastes like gross. Hi mom. Hi Sydney, is this a good time? Not really, but I just bought a $20 smoothie. Yeah. One singular smoothie. What? Get out of there. It really took me five minutes to drink this. It was good. Like I'm not going to lie. It was good. But was it $20 good? No. I'm sorry. It just wasn't. But I do love Haley Bieber and I do feel like like what if it makes me look like her? I am now going to go thrifting. You guys know I love thrifting, especially in LA. They have some really cool thrift stores. There's this one called JetRag that I went to like a couple of years ago. And it's super close to me. It's like five minutes down the street. So I like it because this place has like vintage stuff. Okay, I got my things. It's kind of a mess. I'm not going to lie. I'm going to show you guys when I get to my car. What I got? I always find thrifting to be either a hit or a miss. There's really never an in-between for me. And today unfortunately, wasn't miss. I'm still going to show you guys a little hold of what I got. Even though I got three things. I did get the most random three items ever as well. First things first. No explanation is needed. Is this too big for my head? Yes. Do I care? No. Something I've been really into is micro-scarves. I see them all over my Pinterest. I actually talked about this in a recent video. But I saw this one. It's just this really tiny little chevron scarf. Lastly, I got this. I thought it was cute. Don't know where I'm going to put it. And that's it. That's my haul. It's only 3 p.m. And I'm super close to Melrose right now. So I think I'm going to drive over there because they have some fun stores over there. That's actually where I got this shirt from. I feel like this video is just me shopping in LA and then show you guys the halls of things that I got in my car. The only place that I bought stuff from is not surprising. I'm Coco LA. It's one of my favorite stores. It was funny because when I walked in there, the employee was like, I love your shirt because I was wearing this tank top at the time, which I did get from them. And I was like, thank you. I just got a couple things. But one of them is this tank. It says, till death, do we art? I just love it. It has some safety pins on it right here too. Actually, I'm sure let's go. No, Nessa Barrett. She was the one that designed this with them. I also got this necklace. I absolutely love this. It's just this pearl necklace with a gold heart on it. Traffic sucks here, which I don't think is a shocker. So what I like to do whenever I go to a lie is I'll leave like, pretty late at night anytime after 7.30-ish. I try to leave because that way traffic is just so much better. It will save me honestly, like half the time. And I feel like it's just worth it to go get food or something before I go home. So that's what I'm going to do now. I'm going to go to the Grove because it is right down the corner. I'm at a restaurant right now. I'm sitting by myself. I got this margarita pizza. I've never eaten by myself. I've had a fancy restaurant before. I feel like I've kind of been scared to do that for some reason. So it's a slow-short therapy. So I made it back to OC with my roomies. Basically she missed us and wanted to hang out with us. So we were like, let's go meeting golf. We found out they have dip and dots. We're obsessed with dip and dots like you guys don't understand. Obsessed. Like, we don't meet obsessed. We don't meet obsessed. We meet obsessed. We like the same thing. Okay. Okay so we're getting different. How does the man know? So you made on the credit card number. What you can't get? She's deaf. Her video. So this is like how does she have subscribers? These are truly my favorite food. Ever. Banana dip and split dip and dots. Oh yeah. They're good. Yeah. They're actually going. Wow. I'm speechless. Whoa. So really back to. Oh my god. That was like a drill. Yeah. Oh. I don't think that's how this works. So it's for my mom. I love you. Wow. Oh, I'm so you did not hit it. Sorry for that one was a very thing. By now, you guys already know. Me and outros just don't usually happen. But you know what? Today's the day that ends. The one thing that I will not ever let myself skip is doing my nightly skincare. No matter what happens, no matter how tired I am, if I go out, I always take the time to wash my face because I do feel like that is like the number will cause me breaking out if I don't cleanse my face after a long day. Since I've been wearing waterproof mascara recently, I kind of had to go on a little hunt for a good waterproof eye makeup remover. And I found this one by Neutrogena. I'm gonna put it on. There's no better feeling than being so tired and getting ready to go to bed because I cannot wait to sleep. Like truly, there's nothing else I want to do right now. I also just love the feeling that I have like doing my skincare before bed because my skin feels really good. Honestly, I don't know if I'm making a sentence because I'm just so tired. I love you guys. I just want to say thank you so much for watching. I post every Sunday, so I'll see you guys in my next vlog. Bye guys.