 Hey guys, it's Sid. Today we're going back to school shopping. What? I don't know if you guys know this. Most of you probably do. I'm going back to college in a week. Psst. I wanted to do a video where I went back to school shopping. Supplies shopping. And I was like, you know what? It's not as fun if I'm buying stuff for myself. It's more fun to buy stuff for you guys. Everything I buy today is gonna be for one of you. It's gonna be a giveaway. If you want to enter, one of the rules again. Subscribe. Make sure you're following me on my Instagram. And comment what day you go back to school. Mask on. You know the journal ladies and gents. Let's go. Little aggressive. Posted notes are just necessity. Paint, purple, blue, ooh. Tape. Why don't you not know what to get? Why am I like so disoriented? Well you didn't make a list honey. You're supposed to make a list. Sharpies. Got how sharpies. Two of these suckers. Highlighters. Hands sanitizer. Yes. The world's biggest eraser. So backpack. I think this is what. I think I actually had this backpack when I was in high school. Look there's a camel backpack. Aubrey would like that. Yeah. You know how this is a Jagler? No. Yeah I was. Say, I'm a love average. I payed him a step. I got a matter where he's taken it. Twenty-teng in the bronch. I put the bag through to the bag. Whoo! Got to have a binder. Definitely copyright. Yeah. You definitely need to copyright this comment video music is blasting. Why is it like a mic? Finder dividers Okay notebook I really hate composition notebooks, but I feel like you always need one. We'll just know. We're not gonna be basic Let's go with the blue one. Sorry guys. We're gonna need some graph paper, you know You're doing math like stats. I just took stats and it was actually really fun Okay, also gonna get some just basic loose leaf. No, I'm not Okay, so they're gonna need it. They're gonna need it. Oh, I gotta get them a notebook. I'm gonna get notebooks one white One yellow Definitely tissues. I feel like I should change the hand sanitizer. I mean Olaf or bust. Yes Definitely getting that a soft bracelets just slap What kind of scissors should I get? I'll do this one kind of reminds me of a cow. Okay, I don't know markers Silly sense and there's only one left. This was meant to be not forget a glue stick. I'll get a giant one I don't know when you use this means anymore, but Kind of sweet paint. I mean do you need that for school? Pain for school really, but I just want to get it for them. I love to paint Yeah, I suck but I like to do it. Oh, yeah, there's different ones. Wait, that's actually so cute. He looks pissed off. Oh wait, we need to back up To get a pencil that I feel like this is this is the one be you be kind It's a good message. Oh my gosh remember when I used to decorate my locker. You had a chandelier I mean it was fun. Well, I went way overboard. I feel like I was like sharp head and it's that's true. I think I actually had this disco ball You did okay, this is honestly a vibe add it in My gosh, I rubber bandball. Yes, this has to be in there. I Feel like actually get them a mini stapler mini stapler is save my life. I feel like this is the most useful thing I'm a bad Planners are like my favorite part of back school splash shopping. I'm gonna get you guys this one. It's just sleek, you know, it's cute Are you sitting really all right? That's okay. We're gonna keep going. Sydney. What about a water bottle? Oh You are right the camel back water bottles are really good. I feel like back to schools also a time where I get Chapsick for some reason it makes no sense really, but I really love EOS Oh wait, I should give you guys these. Oh my gosh. This is perfect. Right under I mask. This is really good I feel like if you're studying and you just need a little boost. This is so fun to just like shop for someone else You're back to school. Okay, found the EOS. I do you could look this or lavender I said lavender to mom we're the same we're the same person This is cool because actually comes with two if you lose one you have a backup Earphones wireless wireless these ones are really cute your buds are essential these look cool Well, I should get them a pop socket. That would be cute. I feel like I should get them a plain basic one So it'll match their case. I think the flash drive is really valuable I'll get them a flash drive. We're trying to be practical. Okay, school is about going back in style and Practicality right as I was about to leave I see this fan. It's not just any fan. It's a laptop fan It connects to your laptop, so Like this you can fan yourself while you're working. I have to get it for you guys You That is everything in the giveaway I didn't show everything that I purchased, but what you see right here is everything that the winner will get if you do want to enter Just make sure you're subscribed to my YouTube channel Sydney Serena and follow me on my Instagram at Sydney Serena And leave a comment on this video telling me when you go back to school. I go back to school in like a week So wish me luck Anyways, I love you guys so much. I hope you guys are excited for this giveaway and I'll see you my next video. Bye guys