 Let's get this vlog started baby. I'm in the best buy bathroom. Is this candle? My click's such a good YouTuber right now. I just want to tripod and best buy. I hope you guys are ready because we're going self-care shopping today. We're gonna go in since Target. It's right over there. This is sad. Who left out there? Speak up. One of my biggest fears in this life is vlogging in public. Today I'm breaking that. I still hate it. I ran out of shaving cream a month ago and I've been using my conditioner ever since. Which I shouldn't be doing. Oh no, that's not good. My go-to shaving cream has been the Athena Club one. Also my friend got me on this. This is the intuition razor and it's really cool because it has like a soap razor on it. So it just kind of like helps to avoid any cuts or anything. It's like a razor covered by soap. I don't know if this is weird but I'm pretty picky with my deodorant scent. I just don't like what my perfume has one scent and then my deodorant has another because I feel like it clashes. I always just get the unscented deodorant. Okay, I've always wondered what the spray things do. Like is this a deodorant or not? Oh it is. Should I try one? It feels fun. I'll try this. I've always wanted to try this native body wash solely because of the packaging. Like look at it. They have like little graphics on them. I will say my go-to is the O.A. I love love their body products. I definitely do need a restock. So. I do feel like these are the iconic exfoliators that most people tend to get. My favorite is probably the strawberry. Since I'm branching out, I don't want to get the same. I was going to say flavor. Oh my god the water map is like smelly water map. I got a nice little scene in it. This is the one. I do feel like the other. I want to say like iconic to target products. Are these little face mask packets? I see them everywhere. I see so many people using them. But these break me out which is actually very sad. You guys know I have the most sensitive skin on the planet. I have to be very selective with my skincare. I am a sucker for many things. Like anything mini is automatically 10 times cuter. We've been over this. So I love this little section of target. I do love a good lip scrub. I think I want to try this one. I'm not even just saying this because it's a mini. But I do think this is useful to have because I feel like sometimes I forget to put sunscreen on until I'm actually out. So having a little SPF in my purse might be a good thing. I really wanted to quickly show you guys this. These are the pixie face masks. I love these so much. I use these with my roommates and we all love them. I just bought this at Target when I was here like two days ago. But this MyCellar water is pretty much the only thing I use to take off my makeup. I do need the cotton pads though because I run out of those a lot. And that's how I take off my makeup with my cellar water. I usually just get one of these and I don't know what the difference is between premium and basic. The shampoo and conditioner that I've been using for the past like six months is at Ulta. So I can't really get that here. It's the living proof one though. I love it. But I'm going on a trip next week to Vegas and I kind of want to bring them but I don't want to bring the whole bottle so I want to see if they have little to go things like this basically. This is perfect. Oh I should probably get sunscreen. I have to get like SPF 50. I'm like I wish I was joking but I usually just get the kids because I'm like used to it. On the subject of me not tanning. I do fake tan. My go-to for like the past year too has been this. This is the TANologist self-tan. I usually get the dark because then I just have to do less uses and cycles of it. Also I need to tell you guys I get their TAN eraser from the same brand but I can never find an store so you just have to just buy it online through Target's website. Like this is TAN that's left over and it never looks good. If you're looking for a little bit more of a slower, more gradual tan this one's pretty good. I actually use this to just like touch up my legs and stuff. I am out of a body lotion so this one looks good. The packaging is really what does me in so this one looks fine. Also fresh and cozy like what does that smell like? I want to know. We already have my skin sensitive and unfortunately so are my teeth. I've tried like normal whitening strips and they hurt so bad like I get the worst nerve pain from them. Even if I do like the sensitive strips which I still get these are the ones I get. They're the crest sensitive whitening strips. So my dentist was like you should use sensitive iron. I get the normal sensitive iron and then when I actually use the whitening strips they don't hurt anymore. So if you have sensitive teeth I hope that helps you because it helped me. My mom will be really proud of me when she's watching this. She really wants me to start using the Electrature brush and so does my dentist. And I actually love my dentist so I told them I would do it soon. I feel like this is only options that we won't be allowed. Love you mom. These are my favorite mouth washes. They're so bad. That's all I have to say. If you're looking for a cheap way to do like the slick back bun, this is the Eco styling gel. You get so much of it and you only have to use a tiny bit and it actually works really well. It's like $4 here. I've been doing my own brows recently. But the issue is that I don't have any way to like cut them. I can tweeze them in everything but I don't have like tiny little scissors. So I see these. They're called Beauty Scissors. And they look like they should work. I'm going to try this. I am so content that I dropped it and it came out. I'm very very hungry so I'm going to go to PaneraQuick, get some food. And then I am after I'm going to get a few more. I don't know if it's really self-care but I need to open some stuff. So I'm going to go. It's one of my favorite favorite stores. Bath and Body Works. Could I do the turkey chili please? I kid you not you guys when I was at Starbucks this morning. The car in front of me like forgot part of their like order. So they stopped. Got out of the car and started speaking to the telecom. Like they just got out of their car and walked up to it. I'm just sending you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh he forgot my water. Oh well. This is the best food ever. One time he and my mom ordered this in Minnesota and there were toothpicks shredded up in the chili and then we went back like a week later and they were in it again. So at that point I felt like we knew that like there was something wrong with that location. I don't know if they were like trying to. For us I'm just kidding. I am back home now. First things first. I want to show you guys what I got at Bath and Body. The first thing is this candle. This is the Fiji White Sands candle. I wanted something like spring breaky summery. Then I got a hand soap. This one's actually ironically also Fiji. Oh. I didn't even realize that I got the same smell. I got a little hand sanitizer. This is in beautiful day. I just like to keep this in my car with me. Last thing is this. I started using the little light bulb things from Bath and Body Works and I got this in the scent laundry day. I love how fresh laundry smells. There's a few things that I do specifically want to try from Target with you guys that I have not tried yet that I just feel like need to be documented. First thing I'm going to test. These are the little eyebrows that I was showing you guys. See like some of these are a bit long. Oh. Okay. It's probably like non-existent to you guys but I can assure you that these do work on your eyebrows. I'm so excited to try this ever since I saw this at the store. Something about me that I don't think I need you guys now is that I love brushing my teeth. I did have to stop doing it because I was like brushing my teeth after I ate like anything. It's kind of more gentle than I expected. I feel like my other electric toothbrushes in the past were a little bit more aggressive. Maybe that's a good thing. I feel like this is actually probably like a good power. I also like how like this isn't big and bulky. Like what I recommend this to a friend. Yes. I did want to try this. This is the body lotion that I got from EOS. It's just like I want to smell it. What does the smell like? It smells like... Hmm. It smells nice. It smells. I don't know what it smells like. I guess it kind of does smell like fresh and cozy. Like if I had to explain what that smells like, I didn't say it lives up to that. I also loved the bottle. Like I want to leave this out on my bathroom counter. For everyone to see. You know, why do I want to try this? I don't know. But this is the spray deodorant. Now I can feel weird trying this. Actually I don't. Hold six inches from the under arm. This feels weird. I'm sorry. Oh. Oops. Kind of miss aimed. No, like... Oh maybe that's the point. Like you can't actually like see the deodorant. I guess that's kind of cool. It's like invisible. Yeah. That's everything. I hope you enjoyed this little random self-care shopping vlog. You know, you never know what to expect on this channel. Actually I feel like I'm like pretty predictable to be honest. Love you guys. And I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.