 Hi guys, what's up? It's Sid. Welcome back to my channel. So let me just start off by saying yes I'm wearing pants. See I'm wearing shorts. So as you guys know back to school season is approaching every year I feel like the part that I always looked forward to most was shopping for the school supplies for back to school If you guys don't know I actually graduated a year ago So I'm not going back to school this year But I still wanted to film a video for it because I feel like it's just so much fun and I will just always Love back to school shopping actually one of my first videos ever was back to school supplies like DIYing them Hey guys, what's up? It's Sid and today we're doing in back to school supplies. Hopefully guys Then I just slapped it on my folder. Well, you know, I didn't slap it Yeah, so even though I'm not going back to school I thought it'd be still fun to film a video where I go back to school supplies shopping and get all the things That I would get if I were going back and instead of keeping them for myself because I don't need them I will just give it to you guys So basically I'm going to be picking one person to give away all these supplies to so if you want to answer my little Give away all you have to do is be subscribed to my youtube channel and have your notifications on and also make sure you are following me on my Instagram which is at Sydney sranah and then just comment your Instagram handle down below That way I can get in contact with the winner And then if you want to bonus entry you can follow me on my twitter which will also be linked down below Because I'm going to start tweeting again also for another bonus entry You can repost this picture on your Instagram story and tag me in three friends I am so excited to go shopping for one of you guys. This is like such a fun little task Me my friend franning are actually going to go to target right now. Let's go to target Okay guys, so we are at target Oh, music you're so much It's so loud I need to eat anything It's actually pretty good time to jump in the people here. We're going to go to the back to school section All right, my videographer is here to help Oh, sorry, so you get a car? Come on, so use those muscles Oh You're carrying it. Yeah, hopefully I don't get in trouble filming I know Yeah, I need to have target one really kicked out. Yeah, it's pretty bad. So what you gonna get We need some signals every student needs to know This is interesting We get kicked out, but that's Okay, so you got sticking out Oh my god, yeah So dysfunctional If your eraser is just Whatever why are you doing next? Index cards. I say yeah, I loved index cards when I was in high school. Oh my god Or you can use online program, but this is oh yeah, or you could just go really advanced This is cute. We got a stapler. That's cute. Okay, it's tie dye honestly They ran out a lot of stuff Oh, I used these for like note-taking different colors those are fun. Are these necessary? Ballistics? Well, you know what this is for art class. Oh Here in art is Silver Sun Funzees oh look how fun that is glitter glute I'll get a pink one yeah I'm gonna use the stuff for when probably not nothing glitter glue. Oh my god. These were my favorite pencils Ty-con deroga These have the best you racers ever Sydney. Okay I'll get them Okay, that's cute. Okay, it's trendy or we could be sporty and get a football Sydney loves football. I do I'll see talks about it in the Minnesota what bears Brandy doesn't really know sports. Yeah, oh, this is so aesthetic This is cute with like little letters. You can and you're really is this really necessary for rec school Probably not, but it's cute Oh, wait, we got to go this way. Should we get a backpack? Oh, sit there over. Are you okay? Planner these are the planner. Well, these are notebook. Oh wait, this is so cute. You're looking sharp today Oh, you can't do this for any yeah for note-taking yeah Did you ever have teachers that were like you have to use a marble notebook? Like a certain color yeah, yeah, it's kind of annoying. Yeah, oh Sorry Oh, wait, wait, I kind of like this. Oh, I kind of like bigger one. A big one. Yeah, big one's cute You know that I still have my planner from high school. Why I just have it's just memories This is far on time. Thank you. Oh, let's just do the far one. Oh, actually, it's cute Oh, this is a tape tape is an essential. I mean kind of boring, but I hate compacts Some tax are dangerous. I think that's a no Yeah, I think that's just a big no just buy them a big box of Oreos for snacks. Maybe this is just necessary for you guys To snack on me, so I'm gonna get them. Yeah, did we get normal pens? No, I think we need some good black Kind of crazy how everything ran out already. Yeah guys. What days this August 12th or 13? Yeah, like look everything's just empty Okay, I'm gonna hit these pants. They're kind of cool colors. Oh my gosh. I think I actually use this like exact one in paint Cute, maybe I'll get it so that I'm weird running Oh my gosh, there's a fortnight back that it's kind of lit This is the best part the locker decor where you one of those girls that decorated their lockers No, not at all. I just threw my stuff in there. I went to my next class Yeah, I was but it was when I was in like middle school me in middle school. This was me this I'm not okay Very serious when like sixth grade I had this yeah, I have like two in the weirdness of them like a rug And the rug I'm just gonna get some string lights because these are like little fairy lights I use these like in my apartment stuff all the time, but I feel like if you put them in your room. I just feel like there's no She has the same shirt as you She's the same like six shirts. Oh my god. Is that what yours looks like probably? It's kind of I was like the sharp pay of no way you were the sharp pay. I'm I'm I The puma ones kind of cool. Yeah, this cool. That's probably my favorite. It's so cool. I like the holographic Yeah, you gotta have a lot of older so plastic for sure otherwise the people on's brand. Yeah, okay I Locked my keys in my car this morning literally 15 minutes before we started doing this I was getting something in my car and then I locked my keys in there, so Just thought you guys know that we've been having a rough morning. I should be get four pink Blue what else ran orange orange is fun and yellow boom I think it's almost good if you have like one bigger binder and then you can like divide it with That's what I did classes because otherwise it's like having too many binders. It's just too messy I don't know like what your guys is like teaches want, but I'll just get one big binder All right, like this one. Yeah, that purple one of this pink one. Oh, dividers dividers So then divide each subject. Oh, that one too Poffer three tabs you can divide it for your classes It's just so messy. I know you put it in your binder. I hated it, but they always make you have loose because it has to be a certain dimension Schools complicated sometimes This So they don't rip you know, yeah, that's easily yeah Oh I think you got a lot of stuff I think I really got a lot. This is the cart. I think we're doing pretty good First is right there Okay You're the whole like panic music over this part your face you were like Just like always scary. I always put myself in the Yeah, it goes next to us Whoo, okay, so what do we know is key to Uh, they kind of ran out. I think Oh, that's cute. Oh, yeah They could put stickers on I don't know this like to put name stuff. I don't know All right, let's continue getting so busy. I know I can't even navigate I'm ready for someone to yell at me for how holding this camera That's Self-checkout no wasted you have so much stuff You think for self-checkout. Okay, if you want it's gonna be a mission She also gonna start my super Sure like 25 bucks. That sounds good. Yeah, that's a good gift for school. Yeah, so I have all of the things I don't really that out of shape. I'm not gonna show you guys everything that I got because I feel like you guys Are no because you saw me shopping for the stuff But I did want to quickly decorate the little planner that I got because I just think it'd be fun if when you guys open it There's like little notes in here. I'm gonna try to make it cool I So it's been like almost an hour, but I just finished decorating the planner I just decided to write in little quotes for each month and that way when whoever wins this starts a new month They have a new quote. Yeah, that's pretty much everything So I hope you guys like the video again if you do want to enter the giveaway Just make sure you are subscribed to my channel city sarena also make sure you have your notifications on and also make sure You are following you on my Instagram and just leave your Instagram username down below So that way I know you are entering the giveaway and then if you guys do want the bonus entries Make sure you follow me on Twitter and you can also repose the picture like I talked about earlier But I hope you guys liked the video and I hope whoever wins this really likes the things that I got I know back to school can be kind of a crazy time and very hectic and also very expensive So I hope this is able to help someone out who needs some school supplies still all the rules for the giveaway It will be listed in the description, but I love you guys so much. Thank you for watching and I'll see you in my next video Bye guys