 Hey guys, we're going makeup shopping! [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ You guys might have seen, oh my god, it just feels like I look like I'm not wearing a shirt. I just, I promise I am. If you guys saw my recent video, I went makeup shopping at Ulta. And I basically tried to get a lot of the popular makeup products that I've been seeing on social media, specifically TikTok. And a lot of you guys commented on that video saying you wanted to see a Sephora version. I go to Sephora so regularly that it just only made sense. And any excuse I can find to go to Sephora and buy stuff I will take. I'm kind of just going to do a little shopping spree. The only Sephora near me is the one inside Coles. Um, and I just don't know if that's like gonna work for me. I don't know, like I feel like it should be fine. Hopefully it'll have the same amount of stuff as the normal Sephora's, right? I'm starting out at the famous Glow Recipe. Glow Recipe, I hear about so much, especially those like watermelon drops in the paint bottle. Guys, the Sephora has absolutely nothing that I had on my list. So we might need to like readjust later, but I'll get to that. Okay, I've seen two things. The dew drops and the moisturizer. This one's like my childhood. Very sugary. I don't know if I should get the dew drops or the moisturizing serum. I feel like they're kind of similar. I see the moisturizer right here. So I'm going to grab this one. I've also never tried Tower 28, which is super exciting that I might be trying it today. Why is absolutely everything sold out that I wanted to try? I wanted to try a spray. I wanted to try the lip gloss. They don't have it. They have like a few, but I wanted to try this shade specifically. This is the pistachio shade, and I just hear so many good things about it. This is just such a fail for me. Cosis is on the come-up also, and I have actually tried their products and I love them. But something I want to try specifically because the packaging looks cool. Is their brow gel. I'm just honestly a sucker for packaging. If anything looks fun, I'll try it. I definitely would be a medium brown, except they don't have that shade. Guys, I'm going to have to do a big online order. Everything is not in stock, and also even the things that I want, like the samples are gone of it. I'm just like, who's stealing that? Oh my god, guys. Found something for once. Okay, I know I always say like my favorite product for makeup is lips. And that is true. But something I've been enjoying kind of exploring. Recently, our facial sprays. Oh my god, single ladies is just so loud. I can't even speak right now. It's like hurting my head. One of the many that I want to try is this one. And this is the Codalife Face Spray. And I think I want to try the Mini One because then I could just throw it in my purse. Okay, benefit, but these don't fail me now. I've been without a highlighter for honestly months now. My last one that I used from Glossier just broke and I just never bothered to get a new one. So I've been talking to my friends since about like which ones they like. And it seems like my best friend's all like the same one. It's this one by Benefit. They're Tickle Powder Highlighter. Actually just kidding, it's the cookie one. I don't know why I said that. And they don't have it in stock. Okay, I just asked the employee what new things just came in stock recently that are actually in stock still. And she took me over here to the makeup bar Mario new concealers. And I actually do remember seeing like a lot of people talk about this on social media. So if you don't know makeup by Mario, I'm pretty sure it's Kim Kardashian's makeup artist. See, I'm so bad at picking concealer shades and like matching my skin shade. Maybe in one sexy. I'm gonna try this. There's only one left. We will see how this works. So since Sephora did not work out for me, I am gonna be resorting to online shopping. Which I love so it's fine. First stop I'm going to be making is Rify. Rify has two things that I'm looking for. One of them is this really cool face primer that has a roller on it. It just looks cool to me and I want to try it. The Rify lip gloss intrigues me for one reason. It's supposed to have like a metal applicator which I think is really interesting. I haven't heard of that with a lip gloss before. I'm gonna try that too. Okay, say beauty. I haven't tried either. Honestly, I'm gonna stop saying that because I literally don't think I've tried most of these brands. Maybe I try a powder blush. It has pretty good reviews. Almost five stars. Can't even remember the last time I used powder blush. So this will be a fun experiment. Tower 28. I'm coming for you. I talked to you guys about this one when we were at Sephora. I'm gonna try the lip jelly in pistachio. I'm also gonna try their facial spray. Oh, I need a highlighter. And the one that I'm going to get is the Benefit Cookie Highlight. Wow, I just love how everything is actually in stock. Okay, Cosis Brow Gel was also on my list. There was one more thing. There was one more thing. It was this lip oil by GSOW $32. That's painful, but I'm gonna do it anyways. Okay, the order has been placed. Once everything comes, I will circle back with you guys. Very exciting news guys. My Sephora order has finally arrived. And I'm saying finally it took like two days. Let me just show you guys. This is the setup right now. So I actually emptied out the box. And I tried to lay everything out on my desk in order so that I can try it with you guys. I'm so excited, but I have something to say. And I'm like really just like still upset about it. You know the makeup by Mario? Stan that I was looking at and I picked out a concealer. That was one of the only things Sephora hadn't stock when I went. And I went to go grab it and I don't know where it went. I'm actually so confused. Like I think I spent like 30 minutes looking in my entire house for it. To be honest though, this stuff happens pretty regularly to me. I think I need to be more responsible with my things. Anyways, don't worry. We still have many things to try. I got two facial sprays. So the first one is this Tower 28 daily rescue facial spray. Okay, that's enough. It feels very soothing. I actually really enjoy this. There's also no scent to this, which I guess I don't really know what I expected. The next facial spray I got, I promise this is the only thing I tried before the video. I'm sorry. I just couldn't help myself. You know what, I'm sorry. I'm really messing up everything today. This is the Codalay face spray. You can see a little bit of it's gone already. But this one is mini, which is why I've tried it because I threw it in my purse yesterday because I wanted something when I was going out and about. This one is so drastically different than this facial spray. I would say it has a very florally slightly citrusy scent to this. And it's quite strong, so I think people that don't want a strong scent. With this, would not like this. I don't mind this smell. I actually kind of like it, and I love how this is a mini one. And I can just throw it in my purse. If you're looking for something without scent, this one. If you want something portable, a little bit of scent, the Codalay one. Moving on to primers. There's two of them to try. The first one is this Rify primer. I think of everything, but I'm most excited to try this. Okay, a lot is coming out. Can you see that? Ooh, this is so fun. What? I love this. It's giving the nicest glow for under my makeup. If you've watched any way, like makeup stuff before, you would know that I just really dislike sticky primers. And this is not that. This is definitely milky moisturizing. I would definitely repurchase this. This is a yes from me. I have to take it off because we're going to try the other one from Glow recipe. I'm very fortunate that this survived my in-person Sephora trip because makeup by Mario Concealer is just... Still touchy subject. As you guys saw, I decided to get the moisturizer instead of the dew drops. Okay, it's not sticky or tacky so far. Wow. Okay, I also really love this one too. Look how glowy and glassy it made my skin look. I will say the Glow recipe one has a very strong and sweet scent to it. I mean, it is called the watermelon glow. So it actually kind of reminds me of the smuckers' chopsticks that I would use when I was younger. It smells so nostalgic to me. Okay, I put a little bit of powder on just to prepare my skin for the say blush that I'm about to try. I don't really have a good brush blush just because I never hardly do powder blush. I prefer more of the liquid blushes usually since they do give more of like a glow-duey look. And even though this is a powder, it still gives that glowy effect to it because the blush has a little sheen to it. This is more of like a tan blush versus a super rosy, rosy pink blush. I like it. I actually like this and I think I'll like it even more when I get a good brush. Everything's like going good for me so far. I'm just like waiting for something to go wrong. Next up, I'm going to try the Benefit Cookie Highlighter. That's a lot stronger than I thought it would be. This is definitely not a faint highlight. But I personally love that. I love a glowy, glowy, glowy, dewy look. This is probably my most successful Sephora trip I've ever done. So far, I really enjoy everything. This next one is the Cosis Brow Gel. I already filled in my brows with the brow pencil, so I'm just going to use a little bit of this. What I like about this is it's giving a little bit of color. Like you can see this side is a little bit darker now than this side. And it kind of fills in those sparse areas that sometimes your brow pencil can miss. And it is definitely sticky enough to where my brows feel pretty secure and in place. Okay, I don't know if the shade I got was too dark. Can you guys like help me like, do they look bad? That would be on me. Like I just think I don't know if I got the right shade or if I got too dark. But shade now for lip products. Let's just start with Tower 28. Why not? This one is the only tinted lip gloss that I got. The other ones are just clear. I love how this feels. It's not sticky at all. But I've never experienced a lip gloss that actually has no tackiness to it. Like it feels like I just have Vaseline on. I did not expect to love this this much. I think of everything that I've gotten. This is my favorite so far at least. That's at the bar pretty high for these next two lip products. So this next one is the Gusso Lip Oil. This is probably the most luxury lip product just because I think it was like $40. Which was honestly painful. Like when I was checking out I was like, this hurts my soul. So just because the price I have pretty high expectations. Okay. I mean it looks nice. It looks like any other clear gloss. It tastes like vegetable oil or like olive oil. Like it feels like I just put olive oil on my lips. Which does not really like taste very good. And I expected it to taste like honey because this is a honey infused lip oil. I don't like the taste of it. I'm actually so bummed about this. Can someone please comment if they've tried this. If they'd also think it tastes like olive oil or if that's just me. Like I cannot be the only one. And just for $40 I think there's hundreds of other lip oils that you can get that are going to be cheaper. Just as good if not better. Moving on to the last lip product. This is ReFi again. And this is their clear lip gloss. I'm excited because of the metal applicator. I've never tried anything like this. The applicator is so fun. Just feels really nice when you're applying it. Like I don't know why the metal is so nice and smooth. It just is fun to apply. Well you guys that is my entire Sephora haul. I did go a little bit overboard. You know I have kind of a mess to clean up now. Honestly this is a very successful Sephora trip. I honestly like basically everything except for this. These are definitely going to be a lot of new staples in my routine. But I hope you guys liked this video. I know a lot of you guys wanted to see the Sephora version of this. And so did I. I obviously wanted to film it. If you guys want to try any of these, I'm going to try to find links for everything. And put them down below. At least for the things that I actually really liked. I will link them below. Thank you guys. Thanks so much for watching. And I'll see you next Sunday. Bye guys.