 Hey, the hoodie's not very nice. What the what? What are these? I got a prop. I don't know how to prop this. Today's a family member that we're starting out with is the my dad. I'm going to FaceTime him right now. Basically I'm going to the gym this morning so I want him to pick a gym outfit for me to wear. I'm super excited because I am working with Cleo later in this video so thank you so much to them for working with me. But let's just start the video. Hi Dan. Okay you're on camera. I need you to pick an outfit for me today. Dad I'm going to go to the gym. There's this purple tank top. There's this pink tank top. There's this white one. Okay. I'm not seeing any really great ones. They're just popping out at me so far. It might not like to be extra. I mean also if you want me to go to the gym and a t-shirt, I have t-shirts. There's this one but it's really oversized so usually you just wear shorts with this but like I don't know. Oh my favorite. Yes. You want this shirt? Yes ma'am. Take it to the limit. Is that it? That's a song. Do you want me to wear shorts or pants with that? Probably like maybe like late in pants like colored. I'll show you my legging options. There's these. Little blah, little blah okay. There's these gray ones but it has like the little blue in the back. Okay. The last option are these. Definitely the last one purple and black. Perfect. I don't really have that many workout shoes because I don't really work out so there's. Oh the black left. Oh okay. That's one. Oh that's fast. Alright so this is what the outfit ended up looking like. It's not bad. Like it's not terrible but I just feel like the shirt is very oversized and I don't really wear oversized t-shirts when I'm working out. Okay so I just got done with my workout and I decided to go get a little smoothie because I have to wear myself. I'm working out. I think the purple leggings with the shirt is like a very good well thought out combination. I would say though that this shirt I just like don't think is meant for working out. I felt like it was almost weighing me down. Oh or I'm just out of shape. I'm going to rate this a solid 8 out of 10 but I will see you guys tomorrow for day two. Hi guys. So it is now day two for today's special guest. He is amazing. He is great. He is my grandpa. I'm going to FaceTime him. He has no idea what this is about. I just told him that I wanted to FaceTime him and talk to him. Grandpa. What are we going to speak about? So basically I was wondering if you can pick my outfit. Oh sure. I can have you look like Lady Gaga. There's a lot of pressure. Yeah. Do you want me to wear like a hoodie or like a t-shirt? What kind of tops do you want me to show you? A sweatshirt. We're from in the soda. And for sweatshirts there's this one. This one. Kind of looks like Halloween. This one. Yeah that's good too. It doesn't have as much writing. What's the symbolism of the thing underneath the heart? It's a smiley face with hearts. It doesn't have any deep, extra sensual meaning. It's new age or something. No. I like that one best. In the morning when you get dressed, how many choices you have to go through before you decide? All they like. I don't know. You got a problem. I don't have a problem. Do you want me to wear pants or shorts? I suppose with a sweatshirt you should wear long pants. Is your closet running out of space? No. Okay I have white pants. Blue jeans. I have black leggings. And then I have these jeans that have like stars and then. I'd say the black leggings. Do you want me to wear jewelry? Oh wow. It's going to be tough. I have a shell necklace. Another shell necklace that looks like this. I have a star necklace. Yeah that looks good there. And then for shoes. Oh I'm not going to get green that's not so much. Well there are. These ones, the rainbow slides. These ones. Oh I like those. I like those. I'm a DJ just with the black stripes. Do you want me to wear a scrunchy too? Am I hair? Do you have a white one or a black one? I have a black one. Yeah we're a black one. Don't wear a black lipstick. Okay well thanks for putting in my outfit. I want a brand new brand. I want a Chicago one. I'm talking to you. I'm gonna show you. Okay so I just changed into the outfit. And this is what it looks like. What's so funny is that this is my friend Bobby's merged. So I think he's going to be really surprised. I think it's funny that my grandma chose it. I'm going to go to my friend's house now though. We'll see how they react. What they think of my outfit. Hi Bobby. Look at my outfit. Did you wear that just because you're coming to see me? No no no. Okay get this. My grandpa picked my outfit. And he chose this. I'm not even kidding. He chose this. I want you to have a packable take. That's fresh. I know when you match it's so good right? Yeah only the best premium fabrics I Okay, I do like it. I was very impressed. I'll call for Mon time Mon time Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, you cannot do a part of it Oh Tommy don't Can I watch it for you? What the no? Hey JC. What do you think of her outfit? Cool? Grandpa shows it Grandpa shows it. It's like a bit of a lack of outfit. That's like an outfit. You go watch movies in here Hey, what do you think of her outfit? Do you know what do you think of her outfit? I don't like the top everything else good Dude, what do you like do you like her outfit? The hoodie's not very nice. Don't what the world's going on Grandpa shows this outfit. That's the video. Oh you grandpa show me. Oh I feel bad It's great. I'm so bad. Oh hey, because it's Bobby's You sent me a scrap of top of the line top of Because it's his version. No, it's a great. No, it's a great outfit If you want to just me video, I'm down. Okay, now we're gonna go biking. I'm getting really warm to thousand degrees All I gotta say is it's hot. Yeah, I'm a high-wiring sweater. I know thanks for the invite come on You're a big invite. I have to do The best look by time This is the lame one I'm gonna cry It's back there. Wait, it's blowing away Bobby. I'm holding on there. There we go. I got it. We're back never again So I'm now back in my apartment I wanted to quickly give a rating on this outfit and like my overall thoughts I think my grandpa did the best job this outfit is such my style I really appreciated the thought that he put into the outfit my rating for this outfit is gonna be a Nine and a half out of ten, but I have to pack so I'll see you guys tomorrow when I'm in Minnesota Hi, yeah So I'm currently in my house in Minnesota. I flew in from LA this morning So even though I'm like traveling throughout this video We're still continuing the week of my family to get my outfits. It's so fun because now I'm actually in real life of them It's not like over face time. I'm going to have action picking out for me I think we're gonna go to Starbucks and honestly just hang out so the mic Yes, sir by the way because I'm in Minnesota. I don't have like as many outfits But we still have a selection basically you're gonna pick my outfit whatever you want me to wear anything you want you choose for today Choose well Okay first things first I think it's like sporty because I have like a jersey. I have this tank top that I don't think I've worn since sixth grade No, no, there is this long sleeve tie-dye There is also this floral like crop top Like something grandma would wear I don't know how I feel about that. I wore it like a year and a half ago. What is it? Oh, they're shorts, right? No, it's a shirt. It's a shirt. I'm kind of messing with this one. That's thing was Like I like it like it's a good I'm jeans will go good. Can you fry that open? Oh my god. It's so bad that you got your own pants stuck in Just look through I don't even know what's in here. What are these? There's some white jeans So you want this? Yeah, I feel like the star necklace We're gonna go with that. What's star necklace? You know star necklace that you had that's my makeup There is this there they are this one necklace. Yeah, do you want me to wear a ring? Why not? I'm engaged Maybe she wears scrunchies. There's these options for scrunchies this one this one I just want to go with the black Good decision Yes, I have sandals or I have a deed his shoes. I thought that was good. Yeah Overloading Okay, I'm gonna change. I'll see you in a second. I'll see you in a second. Peace Okay, Ash come back in wow that actually looks better than I expected it would I'm gonna show you guys look at my mirror I do think it's pretty good. I just don't know how to feel about this sir. I feel like it's so poofy I think right now we're gonna go to Starbucks It's such a bad angle. So we're gonna do a little mukbang Peter so what's the tea? I do have some tea for everyone like I said in the beginning of this video. I am working with Cleo I'll tell you about it because you don't even know about it Cleo is this app where it helps you like budget your money You're growing up and I feel like in school. They don't really teach you enough about budgeting Yeah, if in the future, you know, you get a job soon because it's gonna be a lot of you guys are like teenagers My little bro Ash right here is a teeny-bopper Ash tell them where you got a job They want to know yes, they do Ash they care. Okay, so many guys have a culvert near you. I work there, but What have you learned about budgeting? Well, you have to balance out your money and not spend it all at once Do you want to guess where I spend the most on because close? No, what are we eating right now? Really going out to eat ice cream so much that's kind of sad basically in a clear app It monitors what you spend and it'll send you like messages on the app. Okay, hey like you're spending a lot on Starbucks this month you should cut that back. It will like remind you when you're overspending You can also like set a budget Basically what you do is you link your bank up to the app so it doesn't like controlling your money It doesn't do any of that all it does is monitor it if you guys want to check it out I'll put a link in the description box so you can download it. It's a free app. It's super awesome I really recommend it. It's a great responsible thing to do and as your big sister I'm here to help literally I am you literally are your big sister. Yeah, but I'm also here Guys big sister. Good app. Very good up Roger that I forgot I have to rate your outfit. Yeah, I got to rate my fit I don't love the shirt like I get some like big up here like I think it's like a little too much But I think your matching skills were very good and you were like very thoughtful about my outfit. Thank you Good job, buddy. I think I'm gonna rate this outfit 9 out of 10. I will see you guys tomorrow for day four What's up people You're like a statue I'm gonna tell me today's nowhere to go. It's day four of the video. My mom is here to pick my outfit for me That was like the fake Me talk my mom really doesn't like to be on camera. So she's taking one for the team. So Thank you so mom today you're gonna pick my outfit. So what should I wear? Sonny I can't get this droop and it's it's Stuff okay, look at look at how messy this is right here. Oh, you're the one who's supposed to keep my room thing long gone And I'm gonna say no to jeans because I I don't know I want you to be comfy. Thanks mom It's thoughtful no to the pig one Let's do leggings or sweats. Let's do these leggings. That'll be comfy. Mom is decisive today I have this then I have this I have this It's a Kernick. There's this it's like a casual For all top I think you should wear a sweatshirt. Okay, let me just show you my sweatshirt options Do you want me to handle it? Yeah, okay. Thank you. Okay. I have a flannel. That's kind of like fall vibes Plano this isn't a flannel honey. It buttons up. I don't know why I should flannel I want to put it. I want something comfortable. This is comfortable. There's also this hoodie worth that comfort from LA I'm off my line. Yeah, this is perfect. Do you want me to wear any accessories like a scrunchie or like jewelry? No, hey, mom is just basic. What about shoes? What shoes do you want wear tennis shoes? So my eat this? Yeah, all right I will change and we'll be back So I've now changed it to my outfit my mom is in the car because I'm running really late But this is what the outfit looks like just super basic, but I really actually like this This is very much my style my style is basically hoodies. I'm gonna go in the car My mom is texting me because I am the last one in the car. Okay, mom. Don't look. What do you think my outfit? I think it's nice. It's super comfy casual. I think it's perfect. It's good. Yeah, mom. Mom is done Just our cream and one beefy five layer burrito I'll have a crunt wrap supreme. Can I get that with no meat or cheese and then also no sour cream and extra tomato Okay, no sour cream. What are the odds that orders right? One in ten. We're done with the doctor's appointment. We're on our way to go see some puppies Which is exciting, but it's like a little bit of a road trip. So we need to have some food Hey Thank you. Is everything in here? You're sure. Thank you. We are proud. Well, let me make sure this is right It's not right There you go. That's yours Tapo sauce Pretty up Sydney chop chop Bye all right guys. We bad news for driving to the puppies and we have six miles to get there And we have seven miles of gas. Oh now we have six miles of gas left. Oh, where are we gonna do? There's no gas stations or in the middle of nowhere I'm stressed out Okay guys, so we just got home from seeing the puppies it was so much fun I'm sorry I didn't vlog that much because we are just like focusing on the puppies But I wanted to quickly rate this outfit. I think I'm gonna give this outfit a eight and a half out of ten because I do really like it It's just like bearing my style very casual, but I feel like my mom didn't put as much thought into it I just could have I still love you mom, but that's gonna be all for today So I will see you guys later tonight because my older brother's coming over and he's going to pick my outfit for tomorrow Which is the last day. So I'll see you guys then Where do I go here? You can just stand here. I don't even know what I'm doing. Can you do so? It's a recording the whole thing. Yeah, so it is later tonight. I'm with my brother You're just saying oh right if you guys didn't know I also have an older brother He's not really in my videos, but I forced him I Go underground you're gonna have to pick my outfit tonight because tomorrow I'm going to the airport and we're going to Mexico. So can you pick out my outfit for that? Sure Okay, so what are you thinking like what pants well about double like a prize? I'll just show you some options. Okay, there's this type of top To reveal it. There's this great top Do you ever fold anything? Yes Next option is this all right, you don't like anything so far There is this we have oh gosh, I remember There's also this okay, go back to the second one you showed me Something else you're going to Mexico here. You can wear this one in the airport Yeah, okay, you're gonna back to the way tie it out now. Okay, so we wear this basic. Yeah, okay this basic Bates to basic Now for man. Okay, I have jeans Why can't we're jeans in Mexico? Well, I'm giving you the option. Okay, I have some white shorts high-waisted Yeah, let's do those. Joey's like accessorize like you know hat or like jewelry That's that's about me. I don't know no hat. No, no jewelry Comfortable for a plane ride and then you get to Mexico and you're good to go all right. I mean those are a little tight, but it's fine For shoes you saw me wear like tennis shoes or flip-flops. All right. Thanks, right? You got peace out It is now the next day Airport and I'm wearing the outfit my brother picked out looks like this have my flip-flops on I usually not go to the airport I always wear like a leggings and a sweatshirt because it's always so cold and I'm freezing right now. So we'll see how this goes Hi guys our flight we have some issues we have a layover So we are a little worried that we're going to miss our flight. It's okay though because we made it I was wondering if it's final update on my outfit I ended up putting on hoodie because it was so cold Brian should have had me wear a hoodie Everyone knows the airport's cold. Also, I have this hat because I mean the worst here today and I put on leggings So I really just adjusted this outfit as the day went on. It's nighttime now. It's 7.48 p.m But I do still have my flip-flops on I'm very Ryan's outfit like a Three out of 10 so Ryan nice try But you failed. I think I'm just going to end the video here in the airport Thank you guys so much for watching. I hope you liked the video. Thank you to all of my family members It's my outfit everyone in the most part did good, but I love you guys I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys oh I Know. It's a great I think 68. Oh, that's wise because there's gum on me. That's not gum, it's camera putty. Camera putty. Oh, it's hot out here. I can't get this drill. I'm gonna fix it. That's it, good. Oh my gosh. Ah! What the heck? So red.