 Hello guys, what's up? It's Sid. Today's video, as you can already tell by the title, I always feel like weird saying that the video is because you guys already know because you clicked on it. Today I'm going to be going through the drive-through and for every single meal I'm going to be at a drive-through and the person in front of me is going to basically choose what I eat for the whole day. I'm like, I don't know, I'm like kind of nervous because I'm very like a pretty picky eater. I'm just gonna own up to it. I'm a picky eater. I am really excited though. I've just seen so many people do these videos and just look super fun. I know I'm like kind of late on the trend so hopefully you guys like the video. I don't know. I don't know what I'm saying. I haven't been here in like a year. I like never really go to McDonald's. I just, I don't know, I just don't. How did I even like get through the drive-through? This was like the weirdest drive-through ever because it's inside a parking garage. Where do I get my food? Okay. Oh, well, I think we have a problem guys. Nobody is at the drive-through right now. Um, I don't know if I just like stay here. How is no one at this drive-through? Oh wait, there's a car coming. I'm going to act natural. I'm going to act like I'm just fixing my stuff. Oh yes, we have a winner people. I was like putting on those glasses. I don't know. Whoa, this is like the craziest drive-through I've ever seen. I think I have the same cars as the person in front of me. Okay, it's a guy. Okay, that guy ordered really fast. Can I have the same thing that the person in front of me ordered? The person in front of me? Yeah. So was a meaningful, a meaningful, a meaningful person with chicken. Okay, thank you. Oh, guys, I really wanted breakfast. I thought you were going to get breakfast food. I don't want fries and chicken nuggets for breakfast. But I guess we're being baddies today and having lunch for breakfast. Okay. Hi. Thank you. Thanks. Hey guy, you guys. I don't want to hit ever gotten a stranger look from someone. Oh my gosh. Can you give me the most confused look ever? He was like, okay, here we go. Here I'm getting my food. Is it faster, anything? Um, it was in this moment that I wasn't sure if I should ask. If the guy got sauce, or if that would just be creepy. But, well, you'll see what happens. Shhh. Getting the guy in front of me get any sauce? I got red. Redance, okay, I'll have that. Thank you. I feel so stuck right now. Thank you so much. Ah, that was so awkward. Why am I shaking from that? That was like really nerve-wracking for some reason. Okay, so I'm now in the Burger King parking lot. McDonald's parking lot was really weird, like I said. So we're eating McDonald's in the Burger King parking lot. That's kind of weird. Sorry, Burger King. I didn't know where else to go. Oh my gosh. My big spilled of food all over the ground when I was driving. Oh gosh, there's front tries on the floor. This is a mess. Wait. What? I am very confused. I was so confused because at the drive-through, I thought the guy said that he got fries, a pop, and chicken nuggets. That's a little chicken. But they gave me a chicken patty burger. But then they also gave me another burger or patty or whatever it says. Oh, I think it's just the same thing twice. Maybe he's just a really hungry guy. I have never had this. I don't think ever. I don't know. I don't like eating burger. Well, I don't know. This is not that good. It's okay. It really has no flavor. It's definitely not something I would ever order. It's not that good. I really don't enjoy this. Let me try it with the ranch. How do you even like... I think the ranch is too thick. Oh, there we go. I'm really trying to like this, but it's just not good. Like, it's just not good. That's the end of the story. Let me try the other one. Because I think it's the same thing, but I'm not sure. I want to make sure. Yeah, it's the same thing. It's not awful. It's not like I'm spinning it out, but I've had so much better. This is just like the last thing I would probably order from a Donald's. Oh, my goodness gracious what is going on. He also got French fries. Some of them sell on the floor of my car, so this is what we're dealing with. He didn't get catch up. That's kind of a disgrace. He didn't even without catch up, he feels so wrong. I guess I could try them with the ranch. I don't know what he used the ranch for. Yeah, it'll do. Honestly, the fries are just the best part of this whole thing. This is actually kind of fun. Like, I'm enjoying the surprise and thrill of it all, because you just don't know what you're going to get. Anyways, I think I'm just going to finish eating my food, try it, pick up all of the disgusting fries that now are now on my floor. And I will see you guys at lunch. What's up guys? So it is now lunch time. I have a special guys that's going to be coming with me to get my lunch. For my lunch, I'm going to go to Taco Bell. I love Taco Bell. They actually sent me a PR package once and they sent me rings. And I still have them. Let's say Taco Bell. I think it's so funny. I have them on for this special occasion. Bonjour! Oh wait, I lost you out. Wait there. Hi, this is my special guys. Oh, what's up? I literally just got out of bed. Oh really? I have a surprise. Oh my. Did you show it to the video? Yeah, I did so funny. Where did you get this? They sent you to me like a year ago. This is gonna be interesting, because I only like a few things off the Taco Bell. See, see, I always get the same thing. So what we can pray, we'll see you prayer. Please, have an order to crunch out some famous food. We're at Taco Bell now. We just arrived. Wait, there's no one in front of us. Okay, we're gonna have to wait until someone comes in front of us. This is what I had to do for the other one. I had to wait until someone came. Oh my gosh, someone's coming. What, let's see who's in the car. It's just one guy. I'm gonna eat. I'm gonna eat. It's probably the heat, so weird that we like literally eating all the food. Like going behind him. Hi, can I get exactly what the person in front of me ordered? Oh, what? It's gonna be an iron egg. Okay, thank you. It's fine. It is very easy. He must have ordered a decent amount of like 30. Oh. Did you hear that? Where? They were like, oh, uh, buying the other car. Did you not hear that? I heard it, but I don't want to see it. I can't wait to watch them do it also. It's awesome. Did he eat sauce? Okay. It's for a video. Yeah. Thank you. Oh my god. Are these like cinnamon like fry? thingies? I'm kind of excited. Okay, it's time to do a haul. Oh my gosh, I've had these before. They're sitting in twist. Okay, there's three tacos. Um, they're kind of like wet. I'm sorry. Oh no. What? I'm scared. I don't like tomatoes. So that's all we got. Three of the same taco. And each taco has the meat, the cheese. What is this? Is that a cream? Oh my god. Oh, this is just not what I would order. You know what? I've got to do it. I got to just eat it. Okay, definitely eat better. The best part of this whole thing is this and then twist. Honestly, this is kind of disappointing. Let's try it with the sauce. Maybe the sauce will help. Oh, I don't know if I'm gonna like, I don't like hot sauce. There's so much sour cream on this. I don't like that. It's like liquid. I know it's not. You can even, it's not even the meat literally. It's like liquid meat. I'm really thirsty because he didn't order a drink. So do you want to go to Starbucks? Let's Starbucks try through. Yeah. What's that? Well, what do we rate that? It makes a reason. Because it wasn't terrible, but it's just like, he overdid it with the sour cream. There's just too liquid for me. He probably asked for extra sour cream. Because that is, he puts, there's so much sour cream on there. Oh, man. So liquid. I know. It is like liquid. Literally liquid meat. And that meat's not really there. So we try to enjoy it. We're gonna go to Starbucks now and hopefully they'll have the person who order something better. I feel like it's hard to, you can't really order anything like, not actually that's, we'll see. Oh, please don't get it. If she gets one copy. Hopefully she gets like big old bites or something. And it's a big fun. Hello there, welcome to Starbucks. How's it? How's it? How's it? Hi. Can I have exactly what the person in front of me ordered? Oh, okay. Let me go ahead and check with that. Okay, so you're talking about latte. Yes. Can I get two of those? Thank you. All right, for sure. How's it going? She got a coffee. She got a latte. What? I think coffee. That's like pure coffee, isn't it? No, it's sweeter. I think. I'm really sad, don't worry. Hello there. Hi. Hi. You guys just let's say we're like, oh, that sounds good. Oh no, I'm feeling a video. Oh. Have you seen that trend? Uh? There's like a trend going on now where like people like order whatever the person in front of them orders. Oh, it's crazy. Is it being recorded? Yeah, just us though. You're not in the way. It's high into you. Yeah. Thank you. Thanks so much. You gave a lot of likes. Oh, thank you so much. It's really hot. I'm going to burn my tongue. Did she order extra hot? Oh. It's like not too raw. We should have just gone one. Because there's no way we're finishing this. This is so bad. This is so bad. Why did we get two? Hey, you were like, oh my god. This is like straight coffee. There's no sugar or anything. That was like really hot and really bitter and I'm over it. Okay, well, I'm just, guess that's going to have to time me over for now. Thanks for coming on my channel. Peace out. Okay, guys, so it is now dinner time. I am at Jack in the Box now and I decided to go to Jack in the Box because I have never been to Jack in the Box. I know. Crazy. This car in front of me is taking, I think, the longest time any of the other cars have. Hi, can I have exactly what the person in front of me ordered? I am really confused. He was talking to that guy for probably three minutes straight and his order was not big at all. Thank you. Oh, what? Perfect. Thank you so much. Thank you, you too. Oh, I wish I liked the nicest lady ever that made my whole entire day. Okay, so I have my food. My car, guys, I wish you could smell it. It smells like everything that fast food I've ever smelled. Okay, so I'm really excited. I have no idea what he got. What is he ordered? What is this? I don't think I like this. Okay, I really hate to complain. I hate complaining, but I just am going to be totally honest. This is the last thing I would ever order. So it looks like there's a beef sausage, melted cheese, bacon. I don't like any of those three things. This is the worst thing I've had all day and I haven't even eaten yet, but I guess we're going to try it. I don't want to do this. Okay. That is really not good. Okay, let's try the drink. It's just right. This is good. This is a solid ton of time. Okay, and I also have some more fries. Wow, fries for breakfast and now for dinner. I thought they had curly fries here. People have been raiding about the curly fries. I swear that they had them. Hmm, these are really good. Oh, good. I've cut you up this time. I don't know where to put my ketchup. That's a really difficult situation. At least the fries in the fried are good. I feel like these fries are actually like really filling me up. Because they're just so bad and there's just so much oil in them. Overall, I expected this video to go a lot better than it did. Because I was watching other people's videos and they seemed to get like pretty good stuff in the drive-throughs that like I would kind of like. But I think every single meal today, yeah, every single meal today, I just didn't like. It wasn't good. The best part I think of the whole day was this sprite and also the french fries. Because I actually really enjoy my french fries and potatoes if you didn't know. But it was actually like super fun to do this video. Because you just didn't know what you were going to get. Even though I did get things that I didn't really like, it's still fun to like try different things. I think it just makes me appreciate my order more when I go to these places. But I hope you guys enjoyed the video. I had so much fun making this. If you guys do want to follow me on my Instagram, by the way, I will link that down below. I do look at your guys' comments on there and a lot of you guys did request this video actually like through DM. So yeah, if you ever have any video requests for me, either comment them below on my videos. Or you can always comment on my Instagram or DM me. I check that too. But yeah, that's gonna be all for the video. So I hope you guys had fun hanging out with me. I love you and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.