 Hi guys, what's up? Today's video, as you can already tell, by the title, I'm going to be having YouTubers pick my Starbucks drinks for a whole week. Basically what I did was I messaged some of my YouTube friends and I asked them to send me whatever drink they wanted and I would order it on camera and try it, taste it, see what I think of it. So basically I'll have five different YouTubers to send me what drinks they want me to order. I specifically haven't watched any of their videos yet because I really want to be genuinely surprised on camera what they want me to order. Hi guys, so I just finished editing this video and I just wanted to come on here quickly because as I was editing this video, I was just watching it and I was really disappointed in myself because I wasted so much plastic and I used to straw every single day of the video. I'm really trying to educate myself more on this topic so I just wanted to say that I really apologize for not being more mindful at the time. It's something that I'm working on in the future. I'm going to try to bring a reusable cup and I just wanted to say that I'm sorry that I was so irresponsible but please forgive me. I hope you guys still enjoyed the video. I think it turned out really fun. Let's get back into it. But today's the first day of the video, it is Monday and today's YouTuber is going to be Veronica Marl so I'm going to watch her video now and see what she requested for me. The Starbucks drink I think you should try is a venti strawberry cream frappuccino but instead of milk, get passion tea and instead of classic, get raspberries. That sounds good. All right, let's go to Starbucks guys. Can I have a venti strawberry cream frappuccino? All right, instead of milk, can I get passion tea? And then instead of classic, can I get raspberry? 5.95, thank you. Thank you. Why is that so funny? I don't know. Thank you so much. Thank you, too. Okay guys, so I have my drink here. This is huge. I never get ventis. Whoa, this is like so much sugar but it's actually really good in refreshing. It reminds me more so of like a juice or sorbet because it's not like super heavy from the milk that would usually be in a frappuccino. I'm going to rate this drink I think an eight out of 10 because it's really good but it's also so sweet. Thank you Ronnie. For the recommendation, it's also so pretty. I'm going to drink this and I will see you guys tomorrow up for a day too. Hi guys, so it is now day two. I am ready to go. So today's special guest is going to be my little sis, aka Camry. She has sent me a video so let me find it. Hey y'all, Sydney asked me to pick her Starbucks order. When she asked me the first thing I thought was, what's the grossest Starbucks drink I can think of? How about I get Sydney to order the longest Starbucks drink possible? I don't know what half of this even means. A quad long shot going on in a venti cup, half-calf double cup, no sleeves, all the caramel watch out, mocha, mocha, latte with two pumps of vanilla, two pumps of classic, two pumps of hazelnut, some stew pumps of white chocolate mocha from mocha, and some stew pumps of hazelnut for talking about half whole milk. This much mocha, this much of sweet milk, this much of super-sour milk, much of coconut milk, add mocha powder, half-free with no whipped cream, extra hot, extra java jade, extra caramel, extra caramel, extra salt, add a scoop of vanilla cream powder with light ice, well stir it, plus open an an dash of cinnamon. Wow. There you go, Sydney. It's going to take you 20 minutes to order a long stir-eat short. So good luck. I don't want to do this. That's so not nice. You're not my little sis anymore. She's sent me a screenshot of the whole order. I don't know if I can do this. I don't know. The workers are going to hate me. All right guys, so I'm at Starbucks now. I'm at the drive-through. I am so nervous. I do not want to do this, but some things in life, you just have to do. I don't know. I am so nervous right now. My God, it's crazy. Oh my gosh, we're going. Guys, I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. Could I have a quad long shot Grande in a venti cup with, I'm going to have a quad. Yes, with half-calf double cups no sleeve salted caramel. It says half-calf double-cuffed no sleeve. It also says salted caramel moca latte with two pumps of vanilla, two pumps of plastic and two pumps of hazelnut. Yeah, it's okay. A splash of almond milk and soy milk and coconut milk. Is that one drink? Yeah, plus a whole banana. Is that a thing that you guys do? What? It says add a whole banana. Do you guys not? We cannot do that. Okay, yeah, I don't know why it says that. Okay, that's all then. What? That's all one drink. Okay, so we have a robot in front of the half-calf double cup. Do you want two pumps of hazelnut? I'm going to have two pumps of hazelnut. That was the most awkward thing I've ever done. Okay, so basically I tried to read off as much of the things that I could on her list. I think I hit most of them. I honestly don't even know what the heck I just ordered. They had to get like the manager to like help me and now we wait to taste it. Hi. Thank you. Hi, thank you so much. I didn't even say anything. I think she was genuinely mad at me. I don't know. I think why even is this? This looks disgusting. First of all, um, something put it in a literal like they literally double-couple this. Don't really get the point of two cups. Okay, look at the side. It literally says the whole entire thing. Wow, they really got everything. They really nailed it. So this is basically just straight up coffee. I don't really like coffee all that much. Oh my gosh, you know what it tastes like? I've never actually ingested this. Obviously you shouldn't either. But if I could imagine what hand sanitizer would taste like based on what it smells like, that's what this is. This is just like the weirdest thing I think I've ever drank in my life. I don't even know like what is like why is this? Also the fact that this is double-couple, like I just keep looking at this and this is just like so unnecessary. It's just a no for me. It's just a big no. I think I'm gonna write this drink. A solid three. I'm done. So, Camry, thank you for this lovely experience. Watch your back. Frank was a song. Okay, I'll see you guys tomorrow. It is now day three and today's special guest is Alicia Marie. So let's watch. Shall we? Hey girl, okay. So I actually have two orders for you. The first one is what I usually get 99% of the time and that is a iced cold brew. Preferably if you can add a liquid with drops of steia in that. So good. Two full things of the stevia to be exact. I'm in saying I know that's my go to when I'm trying to be healthy but if I'm actually like on a little splurge side and I just want to like treat myself then dip in an iced skinny soy vanilla latte with caramel drizzle in the cup. Enjoy! Okay, so Alicia's having more to two drinks as you guys just saw. This should be really fun. Let's go to Starbucks. Hi, so could I first have a grande iced cold brew? Yeah, granite cold brew. Could I have some stevia in that? One stevia in the granite cold brew? Either the two. Um, two. And then could I get a grande iced skinny soy vanilla latte? Yeah, with caramel drizzle in the cup. Okay, that's two items. We're gonna be 9.30. Okay, thank you. All right, that was pretty easy. Um, compared to yesterday's and I was ordering for like 10 minutes straight. As you guys know, I'm not a coffee drinker but now if it's just like a little bit of coffee, I don't really mind it too much. I think this is just going to depend like how strong the coffee flavor is in these drinks. Perfect. Thank you so much. Okay guys, so I have the two drinks here. I didn't really know what like a cold brew was until now. This looks like Coca-Cola to me. This is basically straight coffee. I wish I actually liked coffee. This is actually so healthy because there's like not like creamer and stuff in it. Whoa. That's very strong coffee. I really actually like the stevia flavor though to sweeten it up. I'm sure this is like the the healthiest version of coffee that you could get. Since I don't really like coffee, this isn't my favorite. There's only so much like I can actually like that. So the next one that we show her is this is the one that she says is more like fine and like if she wants to splurge. And this is the iced latte with caramel drizzle. Whoa. This is so good. This doesn't even taste like coffee to me. I think because this one was so potent of coffee, this does not even taste like coffee. Like I cannot even taste the coffee and it's at all. It just tastes like a caramel soy milk with like vanilla in it. Okay, so a review on both drinks. This drink is for the people that are healthy and like coffee. Since I don't drink coffee, this is just too strong for me. So taste wise, I'm going to rate this like a four or five. The only reason is just because I don't like coffee. This drink, I really love. It is so good. Overall, I'm going to rate this one. I think like eight out of ten. But yeah, I think that's going to be all for today. So I will just see you guys tomorrow for day four. What's up guys? So it is currently day four. Today's Starbucks drink is going to be picked by Vanessa Merrill at the beginning of the week. As you guys know, we did Ronnie. So now we're doing Vanessa. If you didn't know, there are twins. So the drink you should get, which is my favorite drink at Starbucks, is a Vinty Passion Tea with two pumps trash berry, two pumps classic berry juice instead of water with no berries and light ice. That actually sounds pretty good and like very light. Let's go Starbucks. Woo! I'm so lame. Hello, I'm like a starter. Hi, can I have a Vinty Passion Tea? Could I have two pumps of raspberry and two pumps of classic in that? And then berry juice instead of water and then no berries and light ice. All right, three, seven, five. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Let's try this drink, shall we? Wait, listen. It's a fizzing. Should I be concerned about the time for a taste test? Oh my gosh, this is so interesting. I cannot figure out what this tastes like. I like this because it's not so overly sweet. Look, a wrap is like so heavy. This I could see is something like I would like drink in the summer. Wow, this is really good. I think this is my favorite drink this week. This is definitely a lot different than my normal pink drink, but this is really good. I think I'm gonna rate this an eight and a half out of 10. But yeah, that's gonna be all for today. So I guess I'll see you guys for the last day tomorrow or day five. Peace. So it is now the last day of my Starbucks video. I am like, honestly sad because this was so much fun. I really enjoyed this video, but we still have one more day. And today's social guest is Sasha Morgan. She is so much fun. So I'm very curious to see what she sent me. Hey, so before this, I did a little bit of research and I think I found the perfect Starbucks drink for you to try today. I think you should go for the chunky monkey frappuccino. I don't know what that is. I'm never rid of it, but it seemed like a fun one. So I think you should try it. Enjoy it. And let me know what you think. Every time I hear chunky monkey as like a flavor, for some reason, it always like makes me not want to have it. Chunky monkey just doesn't sound like something I'd want to eat, but maybe it will be good. She sent me what the order is written out. Chunky monkey that name just gets me every time. All right, I'm at the drive-thru. And this is the drive-thru I went to earlier this week when I said like the longest order that can't be made me order. So I'm hoping it's not the same employees because that would be really awkward and embarrassing. I have a call cream based frappuccino. Could I have two pumps of hazelnut syrup and two pumps of toffee nuts syrup in that and then two scoops of vanilla bean powder and then are you able to add a banana to that? Yeah, okay. It's exciting. Thank you. Thank you. So it was a different employee. Thank goodness. At least I'm pretty sure it sounded different. At least I don't think I'm crazy. Earlier this week I'm literally scarred. Hi. Good, how are you? No, I haven't. My friends are picking my drinks for a week. I'm making my I'm a youtuber. So I'm like filming it. So I don't know. She picked it. I've never had it. Film right now? Yes, I'm filming. You want to say hi? Thank you. I hope it's good. Thank you too. Guys, I just made a new friend at Starbucks. All right, so I have my drink here. It looks quite interesting. Um, the whipped cream. I don't know if they're having issues with their whipped cream can or something because it's like just like liquid. It's not really like fluffy like whipped cream should be but it's okay. Cheers everyone. Oh my gosh. This is by far my favorite all week. If you don't like bananas, you would not like this. It's literally just like dessert like probably so much sugar in this. I'm so glad. Honestly, I'm gonna rate this at 10. Wait, you got too high. You guys need to try this. This is the best thing ever. We edit off this video on a really good note but I guess that pretty much wraps up the video. This was such a fun video to make. So I just wanted to say a huge shout out to all the girls in this video. Thank you so much. You guys look the best. I love you. But I love you guys so so much. Thank you for sticking to the end and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.