 Hi guys, what's up? It's Sid. Welcome back to my channel. I feel like the store padded in and I say the same thing every time, so I'm sorry. I don't know if you guys saw my video a couple months ago where I basically had some of my YouTube friends pick Starbucks drinks for me. Since I was a little while ago, I thought it'd be super fun to do a part two but with some other YouTubers and basically I got some other YouTubers drink requests for me to try. So today's the first day of this video and Adeline Warren is the first YouTuber so let's see what she wants me to order. Hey Sidney, so I was thinking about what I wanted to get you. I was like, okay, should I make her get like what I would get like a much of easy latte or like a nice nut that I was like, no, how do I look? Why are you boring? So I decided I'm like, oh why don't I make her get something from this super menu? So I decided I went through all the recipes. I want you to get a butter beer frappuccino. I got this like probably like a year ago and I swear to god it tastes exactly like the butter beer from Universal. You'd be like, let me know. So the crack glasses, I don't know. Live your own ipad or fantasy, get the butter beer frappuccino, send me the recipe. Tell me what you think. I am so excited. Honestly guys, I don't know if I've ever had this before. I've done like a bajillion Starbucks videos. I might have had something similar to this in the past like I just who knows at this point, but I definitely still want to try this because even if I have tried it, I forgot. So, oh, okay guys, we're here at Starbucks. Just like you should know. We're here. Dang it, I hate driving next to the window. I feel like I'm gonna smack into it. Okay, what do you have? Can I have a grande creme-based frappuccino? What flavor do you like? So it's kind of like like make your own thing. So just like normal milk and then three pumps of caramel syrup in that and then three pumps of toffee nuts syrup. Okay. Can I have caramel drizzle lined in the cup and then also topped with it? See you at the window with your cuddle. Thank you. Thank you. Nice drive-through workers like make my day so much better. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you too. All right, I'm so excited. Here we go guys. Let's try it. Wow. This is so good. Honestly, I don't really know like what butterbeer is like supposed to be or like what it's supposed to taste like, but to me this just tastes like a caramel frappuccino. It's so good though like back. This is really good though. I really like it. I love sweet things though because I have such a big sweet tooth. If you like caramel, you will love this. I think you want to rate this in 8.75 out of 10, but I will see you guys tomorrow for day two. Hi guys. Happy day two. So today's drink is going to be chosen by Beauty Chicky aka Christine Amarie. So let's just see what she has on the menu. What's up Sydney? So I want you to go to Starbucks and try the pumpkin cream cold brew. It is my absolute favorite cold brew for the fall time. It's so so good. Ooh okay. I guess we're really embracing spooky season today. I'm not the biggest fan of coffee, but you know recently I've been able to drink it more. I've been able to ingest it in small quantities. Let's see how this tastes. Let's go to Starbucks. Oh why do you not think I supposed to take it right there? Yeah I definitely don't think I was supposed to do that. Yeah it's definitely illegal. Oh. The head is going on. They're not close. It's not late. I'm so confused. The screen was like black. Dude it's a power outage. We are closed. So sorry. Oh. Nice. So the screen was like black and it's not late at all. So I was like they're definitely not closed. So I was like what's going on? And then this guy walked by me and just went so I was like what? Okay. And then I like drove up to the window and then there's a sign that said we have a power outage so we're closed. So now I have to figure out a different Starbucks unless they're all experiencing this power outage. I don't know why this is happening. I'll see you at the other Starbucks and hopefully they're actually open. All right guys it's been like 15 minutes. I've just been driving. Also I feel like this is the worst angle ever but I'm at the Starbucks. So let's pray it's actually working. I think it's open. Oh my gosh wait guys I think we're in luck. Look there's a lot of people. I'm gonna get real. Can I have a tall pumpkin cream cold brew? And then I have a cup for that so like I have a reusable cup. Thank you. Thank you. He was a skater boy. She said see you later boy. Christina's drink I got in my reusable cup because I remember to bring it today. Maybe I don't know. I don't know. I've never had this ever. Also the straw is definitely in the wrong way but what do I need to talk about it? Wait I don't know if like my last video that I did because there was so much coffee in it. Like I feel like I'm just getting used to the taste of coffee and I'm kind of acquiring a taste for it. Oh my gosh it's so weird. I'm turning into my grandpa. I don't want to taste everything like pumpkin in here. Like what I ever like go and order this. Probably not but if I like developed a better more intense taste for coffee this would probably be what I'd order. I definitely like my pink drink and like frappuccinos a lot more than coffee. Coffee's like not something I would like go to Starbucks and like order but if I had to rate this I'd probably give it a six and a half out of 10. I'm gonna go so I will see you guys tomorrow for day three. Hi guys so it is now day three and I'm currently in line at Starbucks because well we don't know why. So today Lauren aka Lord DIY picked the drink. I'm so excited so let's see what she chose. Hey said okay so today I want you to try and not to go like the most basic ever but a pumpkin spice frappuccino. I need to know if it's good or not. Okay pumpkin spice frappuccino good thing that loaded because I'm literally next in line so let's just order. Hi um can I have the pumpkin spice frappuccino. Thank you. Hi there 4 7 9. Thank you so much thank you too. Well that was pretty freaking quick. Blossom great Starbucks service. This looks so good. They put either nutmeg or cinnamon on top. I don't know which one it is. It smells so full. Okay wait I didn't know there was coffee in this. I would probably prefer it without coffee but this is so good. It's so different than like the normal frappuccinos obviously because it's like very fall flavored. I love the spices in this. It's so good if you want to like get in the fall spirit drink this. It is very similar to the pumpkin spice latte just in frappuccino form but I do think this is like a little bit sweeter. You know I do feel very basic drinking this but fall time equals drinking fall drinks from Starbucks time so I think I'm gonna rate this in 8 and a half out of 10. I'm gonna go but I also guys tomorrow for day four. Hello welcome to day four. I also just realized that I think this is the first day I successfully remembered to do like the little transition thing. Today's drink is going to be chosen by my family. She sent me the video so let me go find it. Wait can we first just talk about the puppy she's holding? I want it. Okay so you're gonna need a granny, ice cascara cold brew with two pumps of sugar feet vanilla and it with lots and lots and lots of extra foam on top like a lot. Caramel drizzle inside the cup and on top and then you're gonna ask for that in a venti cup so you get more foam and then also use an itralid so that you can sip the foam off of it. That sounds so interesting that's such a specific order so I guess she has like a certain cup she wants me to use like a certain lid and stuff. I'm so excited. This is a very like a laver order. It is coffee but you know I don't not get so much hot. Let's go to Starbucks. Woo! I'm so lame okay. Hi um could I have a Grande Ice Cascade cold brew and then could I get two pumps of sugar free vanilla and extra foam and then could I get caramel inside and on top? Could I just get that in a venti cup? Can I also get a nitro lid with that? Yeah okay thank you. I don't know why I felt so awkward ordering that. I think she was like kind of over my lengthy order. Oh yikes. Can I get a yikes in the chat for this? Thank you. Uh first of all this looks so sick. Ew I don't like that I just use that word. This looks dope. Guess not any better of a word choice. For some reason I'm just really amazed by this drink. It looks so aesthetic to me with like the color of the coffee and like the caramel and the foam like on top and nutmeg. I don't know why I'm analyzing it so much. Wait why do I like love the foam? The foam on top is so good. I do think based on like the order itself. I think it's like a little bit of a healthier version of some of the other drinks I've gotten because they use sugar free vanilla actually I don't think sugar free vanilla is even better for you. Um I don't know. I don't think there's like a ton of sweetener in here. I love the caramel in this and it's like it's just very light. I really love the foam on this. I don't know why like I'm kind of weirded out that I like that. It's definitely not my like type of drink that I would ever order because I don't wear coffee but besides that I do like the flavor and like the foam on top. So I would probably rate this a solid 7 out of 10. Wow so far this video honestly has been going well. I cannot get over how sicko mode this looks. I'm gonna go but I will see you guys tomorrow for day five. Yo. Ew. I hated that. Read it. I hate it. I hate it. Let me just get to the point. Today is the last day of the Starbucks video. I always get so sad in the last day because it's fun to do these videos but every good thing comes to an end. Wow they just go like really deep. Anyways today's youtuber that is picking my drink is Sarah Betts. I'm excited. Hey Sydney or day sir I want you to try my old time favorite Starbucks drink. It's really healthy sir. Don't worry I got you. It's an olive milk umaca frappuccino. I'm in a hardwood rhythm. I drink this like every day and yeah super healthy. Fraps are so healthy Sarah what are you saying? I don't know if I've had an olive milk frappuccino. I always get it with like normal milk. Actually I always makes my stomach convert so bad. You know Sarah it is a little healthy because on the milk it's basically like eating vegetables. My camera's literally gonna blow up. I said this yesterday but like it's like hot touch guys. Ow. I'll see you guys when I'm there. Hallelujah there's no line today. What a day to be alive. Wait I don't have the order ready. Ooh this is awkward. It's an olive milk frappuccino. Hi could I have a tall almond milk mocha frappuccino with caramel drizzle? No a cream. Sure. You thought of the answer. Okay what did she say? I don't even know what she said at the end to be honest. It is toasty today guys. It's like 90 degrees out so if you'll excuse me I just need to I get it a little too much of that. It's so hot. Why am I wearing a hoodie? I am idiot. The other day I did something so dumb and I texted my mom I was like mom I did this dumb thing and then I was like I meant to type I am an idiot but I accidentally just typed I am idiot and now I just say I am idiot and it's kind of funny. Hi, hi, hi. I like your necklace. It's so cute. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you so much. So we have acquired the drink. There's a lot of caramel on this. They were really just feeling crazy today. Oh wait what the heck? I cannot taste any coffee in this. It tastes like chocolatey caramel into me. Wait this kind of reminds me of like a candy bar in frappuccino form. My camera is overheating. I think I am so concerned. The heck. My camera that I feel like is frying here. As I was saying it kind of tastes like a twix bar in frappuccino form. I could be like the only person ever though that thinks that. I actually think I can tell the difference that this is almond milk versus like normal dairy milk. I honestly kind of like it better with almond milk. I think I would have to read this like an eight out of ten but that is going to be all for today's video. I hope you guys had fun hanging out with me. I feel like I never like say to give the video a thumbs up. So if you liked it give it a thumbs up. Also if you want to follow me on Instagram I post a lot of like my daily life and stuff like that so I will have that link down below if you want to follow me. But I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys. you