 Good morning, vlog! Welcome back guys! So today I'm vlogging, duh. And I'm so excited because this is going to be my first day in the life vlog in New York. It's going to, oh, let me illustrate the day for you. It's going to be like a coffee shop, bookstore, exploring the city type of day. And I'm just so excited to take you guys with me. I'm going to start getting ready and make some breakfast. Hi. Good morning, Kaya. Good morning. You're boring. Hi. I mean, yeah. I mean, yeah. I didn't expect them to come right now, but those were the people that manage the apartment I live in and they were just coming to like fix something that broke. My mom got me this candle as like a gift for moving here and I just think it's so sweet. I love my mom. One thing that I will never, ever buy is the peanut butter that you have to stir that like separates. It's so annoying to me. Like anytime I've accidentally bought that, I've been so upset. The oil just constantly separates. You have to like mix it for a good two minutes before you can even use it. You can probably tell though, I'm making oatmeal. I just had some quaker oats that I threw in here and then I'm going to put in some brown sugar. My gosh. I need some like oil or something. Here's my breakfast. I just have peanut butter, a little bit of brown sugar and then strawberries. Hello. I thought you died. My friend called me because when I sleep at night, I put my home airplay mode and then I don't answer people and sometimes my friends think I'm like not okay. Guys, look at the straw. It's so cute. I got this from Amazon and it's like a little flower glass straw. Guys, I can't explain to you guys how much I love my bathroom. It's the most beautiful, to me at least, bathroom I've ever bitten in. It's just so modern and I love the black tile and I just love getting ready in here. So I think the first place that I'm going to go after I get ready is probably get my nails done. They are extremely grown out. I haven't gotten them done. Probably like a month. I think the dip powder like makes my nails last longer versus like with acrylics. I feel like my nails grow out so much faster and then I have to get them filled so much faster. I don't know if that's just me. Tonight I actually have an event that I'm going to for a run up. So I'm really excited and I just really hope that I can meet some girls there and like make some friends. I feel like people don't talk about it enough but like making friends post grad is actually pretty hard. In college you're just thrown into this environment where you can easily meet people like outside your door. I just feel like you have to put yourself out there a lot more post grad which is fine and honestly in New York is definitely probably like the easiest city to do that. So I found an outfit that I love so much that I've been wearing it and re-wearing it every day when I find an outfit. Honestly even anything when I find like food or like a song anything I really like I get obsessed with it and I use it or wear it until I'm bored of it. I don't know what that says about me and I feel like the people at the coffee shop who see me every day are just probably like why does she keep wearing that. I'm just wearing this off the shoulder sweater. This is from White Fox and then this brown jacket is like perfect for fall. I love it. It's also from White Fox. The scarf I'm wearing is from Princess Polly and then the best part of this whole outfit that just ties it together are these adorable bow earrings. Just look how cute. These are just the most adorable earrings. I think I'm going to keep these forever. Like I want to give these to my daughter that's how much I love them. That's the fit. The makeup is done. So I just called her made a nail appointment for like 10 minutes from now. Guys, so I just came home really quick and between my nails which I'll show you guys in a second because they're so cute. I just came home because I had to go to the bathroom really quick and there's like not a lot of bathrooms in New York. I got a package delivered to me right this is like two seconds ago. You may be like Sydney wire vlogging this like how do you even know what this is. One of my good friends from California Maya. She texted me. She's like Sydney. There's a delivery coming for you. It's so nice. Hold on. It's flowers in the most beautiful. It's like a newspaper themed vase holding them together. Said happy housewarming. I'm so proud of you and I'm so excited to see you succeed in New York City. This is so thoughtful. I think I want to put them in that vase over there because right now my fake flowers in there but obviously I'd much rather have these. I'm obsessed with my friends. Why are my friends just the best? One thing about me is I'm obsessed with my friends. And then yesterday I had another friend over one of my like best friends and she came over and gave me like a little housewarming gift too. I just love my close friends. And even though I'm like still kind of making friends here it's like kind of hard. I still keep in contact with my best friends who are not in New York. And they visit and we like FaceTime all the time so. Look how beautiful this arrangement is. Whoever curated these flowers together is just genius because I think they go so well together. And I love it in my little purse vase. If you're watching this Maya, thank you. I love you. I did give my nails done. I wanted to kind of show you guys quick. They're this red dip gel. But I'm ready to go back out now. I want to get a coffee. Today's just like the perfect day in my life. I don't know how to explain it. I have nothing like urgent to do today. I'm just kind of like exploring New York. My friend just sent me flowers. Like it's a good day. So something about living here is I feel really guilty about going to Starbucks. Like I just feel like I can't. I feel like it's wrong when there's so many cute coffee shops near me. It just feels criminal honestly. So I'm trying to like find new ones. And I'm going to go to this one that's like a little bit far from my house. It has good reviews. And I'm a big Google review. Truster. I never know where I should get hot drink or cold drink, especially in the fall. I feel like the fall is like hard because I want a cold drink. Then I know I'm going to regret it because I'm going to be extra cold. Because I do think I prefer like a cold ice vanilla latte. I post you a hot one. But then in the winter, I just can't do that to myself. I got a hot one today. So I was walking around and I stumbled upon this park that's actually like a very massive park. I don't know how I'm just now finding this. It's the cutest, perfect vibe. Oh my god. There's so many words here. I think this is like the definition of New York. At least that's how I feel. Everyone's just like reading a book, the same music. I'm definitely going to be coming here every day now because I love it. This is like such a cute date spot. They have art here, people making art. They have a guy like doing poems. I kind of want to have him to like write me something. Anyways, I'm going to read a book here. I brought a couple of them. So I was inspired reading and the park and I decided on my way home. I'd stop at this bookstore. I've only been in there once but it's like the most adorable little bookstore. I'm going to see if they have any books that I can get because I've been wanting to read more and be on my phone less. I'm just like addicted to my phone like everyone else. Did you guys hear that? It's at how you are currently being recorded. Like why? I'm on the street. I'm so excited about this book that I got. I remember seeing this and pretty sure it was a like take-off or something. Like quite a while ago and the only reason I really remember it is just because it's so like bright and neon and like, I touched my eye. Catched? It caught. Wow. Okay. So this is life post-grad. But it's basically about navigating life in your young 20s, 30s. I just feel like especially after graduating, there's a little part of me that kind of felt lost. I think that's pretty normal. Like not knowing exactly what your life is going to look like and like what you want it to look like. I'm super excited to read this. I will keep you guys updated on it. I kind of want to join like a book club or something because I feel like that's how I like stay on top of reading. The last book club I was in with my friend Will ended because I was the weak link you guys. I'm self-aware and I was the weak link. I didn't do my readings on time and Will, I'm so sorry. I should hit him up again honestly. I am actually just a leave in like 10 minutes for this dinner with threat up and I want to look like nice and put together it's a really nice French restaurant. Today was such a romantic day. Does that make sense? Like getting coffee, going to the bookstore, that park. Being able to have fun by yourself is truly a skill and I kind of think of it like dating. If you want to improve your relationship with someone and foster a good relationship, you obviously have to spend quality time with them. I just like to do cute things for myself and I have a good time. Like I actually like doing things alone. She has to try that. Go like to a coffee shop. Buy yourself coffee. I also feel like sometimes I like like I'm like a loner. Like why do I like being alone so much? I love these heels so much. I got them from Lulus a while back and then I decided to change into some jeans. I have this blazer type of coat that I'm going to try with this. Hold on. Ooh, it's a wolf. It's tight. How is this tighter than I remember? I think this is the fit I'm going to wear. I know it's like kind of dressy but I always like Google the restaurant I'm going to beforehand and it's definitely pretty nice. So let's go. Wait guys I'm with my new friend. Wait I'm vlogging. Oh my god hi. Oh introduce yourself. They probably already know you. Hi I'm Hannah and we're that's all. And we're friends. So Ram's so happy she moved here. Everybody I want you all to know that Sydney is just as kind and sweet as she seems in her videos in real life. It really really love working with you all. Good work.