 I'm not sure if I'm gonna be able to do this. Wow. Can you guys tell that I live in New York? Good morning guys. Welcome back. I think I've decided guys that this is gonna be like my intro spot. I feel like the last like three videos I've been filming myself in my bathroom getting ready. And just kind of make sense, you know? This is where I start my day. And this is where I start the vlog. Anyways, also do you guys like my hoodie? If you know, you know. If you don't, you don't. I'm getting ready to start my day today. Oh, should I try brow mascara today? I should. Also, I feel like I need to address some comments because my last video, it sparked some controversy. Mostly about my fridge. Guys, I know it's so bad, okay? If you didn't see my last video, honestly don't watch it. My fridge. I have no food in there. And that's gonna change this morning. My first stop of the day is going to Trader Joe's because all the InstaCard stuff I ordered is already gone. I need to do some serious grocery shopping because I'm trying to cook more, you know? I kind of like the brown guys. It's such a slight variation, but it looks like a bit more natural than a stark black mascara, which I actually really like. I usually open on something kind of nice, but today I really just want to stay in this hoodie. It's just so comfy and cute. And I've been wearing jeans every day for the last two weeks. For no reason. Like I even had my friend over two days ago and she was like, why are you wearing jeans right now? Like we're just at your house. And I was like, I don't know. Why am I wearing jeans? I'm just like, I don't know. I'm just like, I don't know. I'm just like, I don't know. I'm just like, I don't know. I'm just like, I don't know. I'm just like, I don't know. Like I don't know. Why am I wearing jeans? We're going to go to Trader Joe's first. And I'm definitely going to have to uber back because I'm probably going to have like a lot of groceries. And this way you guys can't make fun of my fridge anymore. Okay guys, my fridge is looking a lot better. I got a lot of like pasta and salad stuff. I got tons of avocado for avocado toast. And this is the best vegan cream cheese ever. I like to put this on the toast when I make my avocado toast. I also got some chicken and some veggies. And I bought these flowers. Ooh. How does this smell kind of bad? I have the cutest purse face I got this on Amazon. And I usually just put fake flowers in here. But now, now I can put some real ones. Buying flowers makes me really happy. I never used to really care about them. The older I get, the more I like appreciate flowers. But now I think it's so sweet. And I like to have a little fresh bouquet of flowers to look at every day. And that makes me happy. But now I'm going to go out again. I know. Like why am I running so many errands? I'm going to go to Target. I need a couple random things from there. And Target I can walk to. It's like 15 minutes away. And I don't think I'll need to like, uber back or anything. You guys know, I drink coffee like pretty frequently now. Basically every day. So I was like, obviously I should just buy a coffee maker. So I don't have to buy it every day. But the only thing that's stopping me from doing that is that coffee is like as sad as the sounds, coffee is like what gets me out of the house every day. It's the one thing that forces me out of my house. And I love getting a little coffee and working out a cafe. So I was like, do I buy a coffee machine? Because then I'm just going to be staying home even more than I already do. So I don't know. Like what do you guys think? I also have very limited space in my kitchen. Like as you can see, I have no space. I have no space. I have no space. I have no space. I have no space. I have no space. I have no space. I have no space. I have no space. I have no space. I have no space. When I was at Target, my friend texted me asking to meet up to make these charm bracelets. We've been wanting to go for a really long time. It's called Brooklyn Charm. We should actually do it because we've been trying to do it for such a long time. Okay guys, so we're at Chelsea Market. And with my friend Liz. Oh. Okay, we had like a little dilemma. We've got a few people here and they're like, oh, the weight is two hours. To make me bracelet. Like to make me simple charm bracelets. Yeah, so we're like standing outside and the wind is blowing. It was like a tornado outside. So now we decided to wait in the market for two hours. And we're just chatting, you know, drinking coffee. And like thinking about our bracelets. We don't have to do that. We don't have to do a bracelet or necklace. They kind of want to do a necklace. Then I also want to do a bracelet. We want to make them like New York themed and do like, they have like a subway card, charm, don't they? You know like a chart, like a cherry or like, yeah. This is the one that I have. Oh, this one. Yeah, I like it. There's one so few. People cherry. Oh, yeah, with a card. Oh, that one's so cute. I like that. I'll have pizza. Okay, we're putting them together. Cute. So cute. We got like a subway card. Love like a card. I heard New York. Yeah. Very New York themed. And really? Hey guys, we finally got our bracelets. Woo! How cute. Big apple. You never take this off. I know. It's staying on forever. And they're like friend bracelets too, because we're, are there some love? Yeah. So I'm getting ready. I'm going to get ready. I'm going to get ready. I'm going to get ready. Oh, yeah. So I'm getting ready. I think I'm going to Soul Cycle. Um. Sorry. Wow, two vlogs in a row. I'm going to workout. I'm proud of myself, to be honest. I'm going really late in the day. I never workout this late. The reason I'm going now is because I messed up. I went yesterday morning at 9.30 am. And I walk in and I just knew something was off. Because there was nobody in there. And I'm like, am I here at the wrong time? And I was. Well, I wasn't there at the wrong time. I was at the wrong location. I don't know why I did that. So anyways, the long story short, they rescheduled me for tonight because this was like the soonest that I could do it. So yeah, this is like my makeup class. I don't really know. Like I think it's like Diplo. Is this the theme tonight? Is it going to change? It's my workout stuff. You know what I want to do? If they had a high school musical soul cycle. I should look. I have to go. Wow. Okay. Anyways, I'm going to change. I usually just workout in the sports bra. Sometimes I'll wear like a tank over it, I guess. And then take it off. But it's like useless. I take it off after two minutes. Anyways, I love this workout set. So much. I got it from Aloe. It's so cute and flattering. Like the neckline. It's so cute. And having good workout clothes makes me want to work out more. You know, I'll take any motivation I can get these days. Anyways, I should go. It started. It's like 20 minutes. So I don't want to be late. Imagine I get there and it's like again, like I went to the wrong class. Okay, I'm not even going to manifest that. I almost forgot my pre-workout. I'm going to do a little bit of the work. I'm going to do a little bit of the work. I'm going to do a little bit of the work. I'm going to do a little bit of the work. I'm going to do a little bit of the work. I'm going to do a little bit of the work. I'm going to do a little bit of the work. I'm going to do a little bit of the work. I'm going to do a little bit of the work. So I just got back. That was so fun. You guys know I'm trying to get back into working out. Soul cycle is my favorite workout right now. It's so fun. I love the music. And then structures are usually really fun too. It's just a good environment to be in. And I always feel so good after. So I think I might want to look into a monthly membership or something. I don't really know how it works. I'm not going to have to check. It was also a Jack Harlow and not Diplo. I don't know how I confused those two. I feel like there's some different. But I do love Jack Harlow. So it was very fun. Anyways, I'm obviously going to show it because I feel really gross. You