 Good morning you guys, it's said and welcome back. I'm not a bad guy. I haven't missed you guys. I needed to start off this video with a proper apology because for the first time in a while I missed posting last week. I'm really sorry. You know, I wish I had an excuse for you guys. To be honest, I have none. But no need to fear guys, I'm back. I know nobody was fearing anything. I doubt anyone even noticed. But I'm so excited because today I'm going to be doing another vlog. You guys know the drill by now. I've been really liking these living alone diary videos and just kind of romanticizing my life. Since graduating college and living alone, I feel like that's kind of one of the main things that I've realized is how important it is to romanticize your own life. And just kind of create fun experiences for yourself, even within your mundane activities and routine. It just makes everything more fun. My mom is actually visiting me right now, so she's going to be kind of in and out of the vlog a little bit. I also wanted to clarify something because I feel like sometimes my life looks way more fun than it is. I definitely have my days where I don't leave the house, like quite frequently. And I just wake up and I'm on my laptop all day working. To these vlogs, I'm definitely kind of showing the highlight of my days and my better days. I'm going to work out with my friend Ella and I need to leave before I miss the train. We're here with Ella. She walked here 30 minutes. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. Okay, we just finished our workout. How do you feel Ella? I'm exhausted. We have the whole gym to ourselves right now. Someone's in here. It's kind of fun. Look. New year, new week. I got home to packages from threat up. I'm so excited. I've been waiting for these to come. We're definitely going to have to do a little haul in a bit. That was a really good workout. I feel good. We definitely did a lot more arms and I feel like usual. My arms are going to be sore tomorrow. And I actually have boxing tomorrow. I've never done that before but I'm going to boxing. So I'm just thinking about how I'm like already sore. I'm going to have to be like throwing punches. Oh well. Guys, I feel like my hair has actually been a little bit less greasy recently. If you guys follow me on TikTok, then you might see me talk about it. But I just feel like I have the most greasy hair ever. I'll shower one day and then the next day. Honestly, even like 12 hours later, it gets greasy again. So I'm kind of trying to like phase out of it and push it to like every other day. And I do feel like my hair has been a bit less greasy. Some of you guys in the comments on TikTok were telling me to like train my hair. That kind of helps. I think first things first, we're going to go grocery shopping. My mom's coming back here in a few minutes. And she's going to help me. Really not good at grocery shopping. I feel like I just go in with no list. What's been helping me a lot for recipes is actually TikTok. Pinterest used to be where I would get more of my recipes. But TikTok has had so many good recipe ideas. So I'm probably going to try a couple salads that I saw on TikTok. TikTok is kind of becoming the new Pinterest. I know. I cannot do Pinterest like that. I need to know if I make a big like immediately. It's to the point where there's so much stuff that I can't even find my actual products that I use every day. So maybe later today I'll go through this. Where is everything? It's like bottomless pit in here. Guys, can I tell you something? I'm so guilty of this. I'm kind of embarrassed. But I don't even care. I'm obsessed with Austin McBroom's Snapchat stories right now. I can't even explain. If you've seen them, you know. He's like going off the deep end. It's super staged but it's so funny. Like I've been getting so much of my entertainment from his Snapchat stories. And I didn't even have Snapchat. I literally went to read down the Snapchat just to watch his stories every day. And it gives me a lot of entertainment. I like to watch it. Like why does he have a job at CVS now? My mom's here. Oh no, no, my not on camera. It's we're walking home and I saw this in the window. It's all these dogs. That's so cute. It's like a doggy day girl. That's so cute. My mom's getting my laundry downstairs right now. She's been having me so much. Like having your mom stay with you and just help you with things. Once you're an adult, I feel like I appreciate it so much more. Because if I feel like I'm not as younger, I just assumed that she would help me, which is a horrible thing to assume. But one of my favorite things recently has been making salads. This is my favorite one. I think I started eating this in college like three years ago. It's the lemon, a regular basil salad kit. I got some mini avocados, some jasmine rice. This is the microwave one. I got some sourdough bread. I got some hummus and pita chip trays. These are also so good. I eat too many. Like I probably eat this in the next three days. It's the mini chocolate chip cookies. Oh, I also got this turmeric shot. I'm gonna do it right now. I kind of hate doing these. Oh, that was a bad actually. I wanted to try this banana and almond butter protein smoothie. I got some grapes. And I also got some ravioli. I'm gonna fit with all this prime that I have in here. I'm so excited because I've been waiting for this threat up stuff to come. So I can't wait any longer. I need to unbox this. You guys know how much I absolutely love threat up. And I'm just so excited to be working with them on this video today. If you don't know what threat up is, it's essentially an online thrift store. They have so many different one of a kind pieces that are discounted from a lot of like really good brands. They have like Steve Madden, Lulu's. I really also love threat up because of how sustainable it is. Since you're buying these pieces, you're really helping the fashion footprint. Sometimes thrifting in person can get a bit overwhelming and I get tired of it. I just love how I can thrift literally from my bed with threat up. It's so easy. They have an app that I like to use. They also have a website, of course. I'm so excited. Wow, I didn't realize I got this much stuff. Starting out with this red halter neck tank. What I liked about this was the neckline. And I also haven't really loving to wear red. I wear a lot of black and red and black just go super well together. I think this will be a beautiful date night top. I got this trench coat and this one caught my eye because it's a bit bulky, but I like that about it. Let me stand back. It's so sophisticated and I see so many girls in New York wearing stuff like this. This next one is a little bit out of my comfort zone, but that's what I liked about it. I really admire those girls that can just take the most random eccentric pieces and put them together to create a really nice outfit. I wouldn't say I'm one of those girls, but I'm trying to be. And I thought that this Cheetah print MaxiSkirt was such a unique twist on the current Cheetah print trend. I also got some black jeans. I've just been needing a good staple pair and I liked these because they're actually originally from Abercombie. That's made a retail price for these are 90 and then I got them for 27. I also got this gray turtle neck sweater. It has a little bit of colored speckling in it. I kind of just put it on right now. I mean, I love a good turtle neck. It has kind of like a slouchy fit to it, which I really like. And it's also so warm. This is so cute. I'm just going to keep wearing this. That's made a retail price of the sweater is 98 and I got it for 46. I also got some heels. One of them that I really liked was this pair because it has this little almost belt strap at the bottom. And I also am a sucker for heels that have a point at the end of them. I also got these ones from Steve Madden. These ones just have the tiniest little heel and an open toe. I actually went on the other day and favored it a ton of pieces that I like on thread up. So I'll put a link to that down below if you guys want to see my favorites. If you want to get 35% off your first order, you can use my code to send me a checkout. Anyways, my mom's coming back. So I think we're going to cook dinner now. We're on the phone with my little brother. This is going to be the dressing. These three mixed together. We have our chicken, sundae. My mom made this salad before, right? Once. It was really good. That's why I want to show Chia so you know. And where do you find it? TikTok. I told you guys, TikTok is where all the recipes are these days. So you just have to taste it. What do you want? The salad is done. To be honest, I did not make this. My mom made it for me. Mmm. The dough with a pistachio is very fresh. I'll try to find the link to this recipe and put it below if you guys want to try it. So my mom just left. It's always so bittersweet when she leaves because I just love when she visits. And I'm sad when she leaves. I'm going to try to get to bed kind of early tonight because I haven't really been sleeping while the past few nights. I really want to try that sleepy girl mocktail that I've been seeing. But I don't have the ingredients for it. So instead I think I'm just going to make some tea and I kind of want popcorn. So I'm going to make it cute in here. I'm going to romanticize my life. Alright. Ha. So I made my tea. It's a sleepy time tea from Trader Joe's. And I made it in my favorite mug that I got in a vlog like two months ago. My popcorn, my tea. The only thing I'm missing is a TV. At first when I moved here I was like I don't need a TV. I don't need one. And now suddenly I just wish I really do wish I had one. I feel like it kind of triggers going to bed in my brain. Oh god. See this is where I know I'm obsessed. And I have a problem. Because right now I have one thing on my mind. And only one thing. Austin McBroom's Snapchat Stories. It's become a part of my night routine. She's going to worry. The worst yearly. These last forever. I can start. With an herbal? I'm addicted. I'm addicted. I need help. I'm so addicted guys. I'm not a fan really. Like I've Austin McBroom at all. You know what it is? His stories are just so bad and so fake and staged and overdone that they're good. It's like a bad movie that you can't stop watching. That's maybe is that why I like it? I don't know why. Where is he just funny now? I don't know. Anyways, I'm going to read now. I'm going to read this book. This is one of my go-to favorites. I like to read this one because it's pretty quick, short, easy read. That's kind of my night routine. I'm just kidding. I actually do have like a full established night routine so maybe I'll film that as like a vlog soon. Anyways, I love you guys. Thanks so much for watching and don't forget to check out ThreadUp. I'll have the link in my description. I love you guys and I'm going to go to bed. So, ciao. you