 Good morning guys and welcome back. I am moving to New York. Whoa, have I even said that? Yeah, I think that's the first time I've said that to you guys. I have so much to do today because I leave in three days. I'll have a shot of espresso over ice and then could I do a half a pump of pumpkin and half a pump of caramel in that and then if I could just get salted caramel foam on that. Guys, just trust me, you need to try this. If you like coffee, pumpkin stuff, it's my new go-to. Thank you. Okay. Wow. You know that I have a strange addiction to the strawberry refresher. So the fact that I'm getting something different this time should speak volumes. This is the perfect fall drink and it's different than the pumpkin spice latte. I'll put it right here when I ordered so if you guys want to try it, it's so good. Also, I feel like I should kind of explain why I'm moving to New York. I feel like if I was watching this, I'd be like, why? I've been wanting to move to New York for probably a year now. I've had it planned. I knew that after I graduated college, I wanted to try somewhere other than California. I'm really fascinated and intrigued by New York. And I think in my young 20s, when I'm not tied down, I can basically do whatever I want to. I just want to take this time to try new things and live in new places, experience new places. And I'm so lucky that I even have the option to do this. I'm going to be doing so many like New York vlogs and kind of like figuring out your 20s. Early 20s are definitely a scary pivotal time and I just think you're learning so much about yourself. And I'm so lucky. I truly hope you guys know. Like I'm very thankful for you guys. You guys have been following me for some of you guys for years. And without you guys, I wouldn't be able to do this. And I'm just so grateful that I get the opportunity to try somewhere new like this because I know a lot of people can't. I feel like I'm starting from scratch, honestly, because I really don't know anyone in New York. I'm going to be so honest. But anyways, I also got my nails done yesterday and they're so short, but I did that intentionally because I'm moving stuff. And I just know that an acrylic nail is going to break off in the move. I'm going to go home now and pack. The nice thing is that I'm really only having to pack clothes because I ordered a bed. I ordered furniture and stuff there. So I have some boxes laid out. I don't know if this will be enough, honestly. Okay, so we just got to my apartment. What's crazy is that I've never actually seen it in person. Like, I signed the lease and everything without even touring it because I couldn't. I'm about to see it for the first time. My dad's sorry. Dad, sorry, sorry. We all hope you all be. Yeah, it's the right unit, I think. Or I'm just too dumb. Wow. So this is what it looks like. It's really nice and updated. Everything is new and the lighting is also so good in here, which for me was also a really big thing. I feel like I have no reaction right now because I just don't actually believe that I'm living here for the next year. I'm so excited to be here. I just think my brain hasn't registered yet that. I'm not staying here for a week. I'm living here for a year. A fire escape? It's like, it's so New York. It's like, whoa. Okay, I'm on fire escape. That's all. Okay, I'm going back in. So we're at this hardware store. I look crazy. We're trying to find some tools because that's like the only thing that we didn't bring. I love hardware stores. Guys, you know what's actually so cool? Because it's my dad's first time ever in New York. What do you think? Overwhelming, loud, but fun. That's such a Midwest like answer. Guys, look how many packages I have. I bought honestly everything brand new. And not because I wanted to but I did really have a choice. Like all the furniture at my parents house is obviously not something I'm going to bring. All these packages are kind of like where do you even start, you know? We're trying to just take everything out of the boxes right now and then get rid of the boxes and we have show space. Also, I just got these from Amazon. Aren't they cute? Thank you, guys. I think you, a Chanel book. Are you going to actually read it? We're watching the game. The Vikings are playing and we're big fans. Yeah, that's it. Let's have a stand. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Help me. We're taking these out to the trash now. I got everything in advance, you guys know, but the one thing that didn't come for some reason was the mattress, which is probably the most important thing. I ordered this like over two weeks ago and when I got here, I was like, where is the mattress? The most coincidental thing happened. I just got a notification two minutes ago saying it delivered. So we're going to go down and grab it. Oh, my dad already left. I said, we and he's gone. Dad of the Year award. Dad of my lifetime award. Okay, guys, we are getting dinner. We're going to Cahn. Yay. Okay, our food came. We got chicken fajitas and then I got cauliflower tacos. I've never tried anything like this. Oh, my God. It looks bad myself with it. Oh, my God. Oh, look. It's so good. Need. Good morning, guys. It's actually 11 a.m. to not even early. I wanted to recap you guys on my first night sleeping. Oh, my God. Look at that dog. It's so cute. So I live on a very busy street. Yeah, sleeping less than I was just so bad. Like it was like horrible. And I'm trying to figure out like what to do that could help me. I actually just ordered the sound machine that's supposed to be really, really good. Um, anyways, I'm at the positive note. We are going to get ready for the day. Okay, guys, so I just got out of the shower. I put on this super pretty dress that I got from Bella Menace. I'm going to get ready pretty quickly. Also, you probably like why are you wearing the dress? And honestly, I don't know. Okay, I really don't know. It just felt right to me. My dad got us bagels and we don't have a table so we're eating on cardboard. I don't know. I'm only watching the movie. I really don't know. Welcome to my closet, guys. I was trying to figure out a way that I could fit like a dresser type thing in here. Like I said, I did ship a lot of my clothes that still aren't here yet. So hopefully it all fits. Like I don't think it will all fit to be honest. Okay, update. The table is put together. This is my like eating area and one of the chairs is up, which I love the clear acrylic look. Thank you, dad. You did get injured on the job. Well, let's see. Let's see. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm going to get Cherokee more per hour. Also, I wanted to kind of show you guys progress on the closet, but I have some of the clothes inside of my drawers already. It seems to be looking pretty good. Coming together slowly, but surely. Hey guys, long time no see. Basically, I wanted to kind of catch you guys up really quick before I continue the vlog. It was, I feel like so much has happened mentally for me in the past like three days I've been here. So my dad left yesterday. I was honestly very sad. I don't know. It doesn't get easier. Like the first time I moved to LA, my mom left me. I was in tears. And now that I'm 23, my dad left me again. I was in tears. But it's fine. You know, after five minutes, I was fine. So yeah, I've been here for like three days. And I'm so happy to be here, but I'm so overwhelmed at the same time. It's just a lot like moving to a new city all by yourself where you don't really know that many people is obviously going to be stressful. And I just wasn't really expecting this much noise, which I know people are going to be like, dude, you moved to New York City. Like what are you talking about? The subway is right below me. I'm on a fairly busy street. They're also doing construction below my unit for a restaurant that they're building. I'm sure I'll get used to it and it'll be fine. And I don't mean to complain at all. Like I love it here. I like being real with you guys. I'm like, moving isn't perfect. Like life changes are scary. I'm not like moving into this and everything is perfect, 100%. Cause that's just like not reality. But even though I am like kind of stressed, I'm so excited. Like I am so happy to be here. I do have a lot more to unpack still, but so far this is what it looks like. So I have my bed right there. I put up two lamps and some side tables and then my tables over here are some chairs. But I'm going to run to the grocery store because I need some groceries. Look at my fridge. Okay guys, so I decided to go to Trader Joe's. Kind of a far walk from me. There was really no options. For some reason I don't like living here any grocery stores. Something that people don't think about is how you have to walk with your grocery bags. I'm taking a break. Don't judge me. Not to be dramatic, but that was the longest walk of my life. It's just something that I don't think about that you can't get the same amount of groceries that you would get if you were driving. I might like do Insta Cart orders, which I've never done before, but I really probably could benefit from that. I am going to do a little haul though because I love grocery halls. So first things first, I got these, pumpkin o's cereal, which I'm going to try it right now. I, this could be a miss. Like the pumpkin flavor is very strong. Next I already started eating these because I was hungry. These are the little chocolate chip cookies. They're so good. This is not food related, but I got a little pumpkin because you know, it's just the season. I'm trying to be festive. One of my favorite things from Trader Joe's are these hold the dairy mini ice cream cones. I got some Trader Joe's ramen, which feels like there's nothing in here. Obviously these Trader Joe's like toffee things are stable. I got some lemons because I think it's really fun to put these in your water every morning. I got some olive oil because I'm just going to need this at some point. I got some chicken breast because I want to make this like stir fry for dinner tonight. And I'm going to use this frozen veggie fried rice that is super good, super easy. I got this Cuban style garlic bowl. And then the last thing I got is this. This is their sparkling pink lemonade. But yeah, that's basically everything that I got. I'm going to throw it all in my fridge. I made my first dinner in my new apartment. I love romanticizing everything I do for the first time here. I always get nervous that I get under cooked chickens so that I always end up over cooking it. This is the easiest meal ever, especially if you're in college. Make this. Also, I changed because I'm getting ready to go out for my first time in New York. I actually do have a couple friends here and one of them called me. So we're going out. I wanted to unbox this PR that I just got from downstairs because it's from one of my favorite, favorite brands, Drunk Elephant. Oh, wow, I got a big, giant green bag. This is like Christmas day. Oh, this is so good. I needed a face wash because I forgot mine at home. I think I have everything I could ever need. And more. Thank you, Drunk Elephant. You guys are the best. Anyways, I'm going to end the vlog here. I just wanted to say thank you guys so much for watching. I'm so excited to just take you guys with me on my new journey, being in New York, and kind of like figuring out my 20s with you guys. But I love you guys. Thanks for watching and I'll see you next Sunday. Bye guys.