 Hey guys, it's said. We need to talk. So last week I did an upload a video. And I'm so sorry. Since I've been gone for a while, I thought I'd kind of fill you guys in on what I've been doing and what I've been up to. I have been studying. I watered my plans. Oh my gosh, I missed it. I played some piano. And um, studied some more. But that's besides the point. Tonight I thought it'd be fun to film kind of like my night routine at college. It is definitely different because I'm doing online school. As you guys saw earlier, I do work in my bed. It's kind of bad. Okay, dinner time. Ooh, it's not thefriedon. Yeah that's enough. This is published. Back inßenm', damn bye. These are vegan chicken sandwiches. Taste Sized. [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ 10 out of 10. [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ Wow! I'm so proud of myself. I feel like a catfish right now. Because I usually don't do this. I usually do microwave meals, you know? Because they're easy, fast, efficient, and so delicious. That sometimes they're not, but I'm a college kid. I just don't really have time. I actually like to make meals for myself. So I'm trying to cook more. So anyways, ciao. Oh, guy, that's what. I do the TikTok. I know. It's final season. And my roommate, Maddie and I, as the responsible students we are, thought maybe we should delete TikTok while we're trying to prepare for final. And can I just say, it's kind of been the best decision ever. I've just been wasting a lot less time. And if I'm being honest, I think TikTok is slightly toxic. Ooh, actually, I think it's very toxic. I don't know if everyone will agree with that, but I still love TikTok. No, just I think it's good to take a break every once in a while. I recommend you try it out. [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ Whoo! We're next again for our final season. [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ Guys, she's back. First things first. Don't judge the treat. Okay, yeah. It is small. I can get more and more visually impaired every day. Last concerning. Yeah, and I have my glasses on. Yeah, you should get that checked out. So me and Maddie are going to do our little gift exchange. It's hot in here. Are you hot? [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ Yes, chocolate. Ooh. Okay, I'm like going to eat it now. And this blanket. I actually needed a new blanket. Oh my gosh, it's big. Thanks, baby. [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ Okay, your turn. [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ We have to get what I got you. [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ Oh, wait, I can't tell you. No, you can't tell me. Yes, I can. Oh my god. I love it. When I saw you wearing it like a few weeks ago, I was like, oh my god, I need that shirt. Really? I should have mentioned that ex. I'm really cool. I'm really cool. No, stop. The stuff is so good. It's from Trader Joe's. It's basically chocolate central. [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ I don't think I know. [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ No, stop. Yeah. Oh my god, you listen to the stuff. It's the F-B-W-W-W! We were always trying to inspire and motivate each other. And we always talk about quotes and stuff that we like. This is like a positive quote daily thing. I love you so much. Oh, no. [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Do you love me? Do you love me? Do you love me? Do you love me? Do you love me? I love you. Do you love me. I love you. I love you. Do you love me? Do you love me? We are always trying to inspire and motivate each other. And we always like to talk about quotes and stuff that we like. Blondin bars from Trader Toes but sometimes Trader Toes can't be trusted. Yeah, sometimes Trader Toes can't be trusted And then we need mix egg and butter It also better when it's like baking yeah, we can only hold It's so good Does it look so good? Does it look so good? No, it's not good. Oh, looks good The last time this did not go well at all It's bad It's bad It's actually good what we're I'm gonna read it to eat. What are you? Okay guys, so I lost track of time It's later and I'm really tired now so So I'm gonna take off It's really messy But now it's time I take off my makeup And then my camera died, but that's pretty much all for my night routine. Thank you so much for watching What is I gonna say I forget oh let me know if you have other videos you want to see for me in the comments below I always love getting ideas from you guys and what you guys want to see, but I love you guys and I'll see you my next video Bye guys