 My favorite part about summer mornings is that I can snooze my alarm. Good morning vlog and welcome back. Today I'm really going back to my roots. I'm doing one of the first videos I've ever done on my channel, which is my morning routine. Hey guys, so if you couldn't tell by the title I'm doing in morning routine, I really hope you guys liked this video and thanks for watching. However, this is not going to be a school morning routine where I wake up really early, get my stuff done. This is a realistic summer morning routine and to be honest, I have been sleeping in so late ever since I've been home in Minnesota. As much as I would like to say, I wake up at 6 every morning in the summer. I don't. I think it's especially because I did just get out of school, so I'm just having to wake up early and have all these things going on. And I've just been really enjoying the freedom and ability to sleep in. A little too much. Of course, I'm just starting out my morning with a little bit of skincare. I usually do my skincare over there in that mirror. The lighting is too good over here to pass up. I wake up to the sound of birds. I feel very at peace when I'm home. I feel grounded. So even though my summer mornings are a lot more relaxed, I do still have kind of a general, just a routine that I like to do. So yeah, this is going to be my relaxed chill summer morning routine. You guys can hang out with me. Also do you guys like my new pajamas? Can you see that? I've been a big breakfast girl recently. And you might be like, Sydney, what does that even mean? I've been enjoying kind of making more elaborate breakfast, especially when I was in college, I feel like I would just be running out the door, so I would grab something to go. That was easy. So I've been enjoying my peace and quiet at home. And I've been kind of trying out some new fun breakfast. This morning I woke up craving pancakes. So obviously, that's exactly what I'm going to make. But I don't want to do the box pancakes. I want to actually make them from scratch. I'm not the best cook. We know this. So let's just hope for the best. So this is LG's Stand By Me. It's essentially like a crossover between a TV and a tablet. My favorite way to use this is by airplane. And I just have a giant phone screen on the Stand By Me. My family's also obsessed with this. Like I just never know where it is because they're always using it. I'm using this so I can make a certain pancake. My mom's also been using it a ton for recipes because it's just so nice to have it blown up. We're here trying to make something. If I wanted to look up the recipe online, I can just type in pancake recipe. And you can just select it this way too. This is actually the exact recipe that I was looking at earlier. Oh my god, I hope mine looked like this. Don't get your hopes up. This is also so nice because you can move it so easily since there's wheels on the bottom of it. So I can just roll it with me wherever I go. You can also easily change the layout to this. So I made it horizontal or I can swift it back to vertical. Okay, I forgot I had this. It's one of those healthy immune system shot things. There's ginger and turmeric in this. Two of my least favorite things. Like honestly, I'd rather take a regular shot. Oh my god. Since I'm the only one eating this, I decided to have the recipe. And I feel like this is usually where things go wrong for me in cooking. Even though it should be simple math. Okay, not bad. I am so proud of myself. Well actually, let me not speak too soon. It looks good. I'm just going to speak around. Good morning. Pancakes without syrup would truly be criminal. Taste test. Actually, not bad. I will say there's a strong egg presence in this potentially because it asked for a whole egg and I was almost supposed to do half an egg since I have the recipe. Besides that, it's pretty good. You guys would be so proud of me. I've been on my workout grind recently. I've worked out pretty consistently past two weeks. I don't know if it's because I'm home from college. I just don't have as much to do. But I've been liking to watch YouTube videos. I really like Alexa's run workout videos. Also, using my sandwich by me. This is the butt workout that I've been doing like so much the past couple weeks. All you have to do to connect it wirelessly is tap your device against this logo right here. And it automatically will stream on the stand by me. Me and Ashton. Ashton's my brother by the way. You didn't know. For taking the dogs on a walk. Since we have two dogs, it's easier if we both do it. Otherwise, we get yanked around because she's one of us doing it. Say hi. Hi. So, what's new with you? It is so hot already. I think it's 90 degrees. Is it 90? Well, Ashton, you know that we're siblings when we both were stuck to sandals. How? I just got a body shower because I felt gross. I also love my new jewelry. Do you guys like it? It's a little sad I got. But I'm just gonna do my makeup quickly for today. I don't like to do a lot of makeup especially in the summer. Because I feel like I sweat it all off anyways. My makeup rituals these days consist of sitting in front of my mirror and watching a Vogue makeup video. While I do my own makeup, it makes doing my makeup so much more fun. I love Madison Beer as you guys know. I feel like it makes me feel like you have company when you're doing your makeup. You're getting ready with a girlfriend. And of course I'm using my stamp by me because it's portable. I can bring it everywhere and it lasts on a three hour charge. So, I love it. Okay you guys. My makeup is done. It's very light today. But yeah, that's gonna be all for today's video. I'm gonna actually start my day now. And make sure to check out Stan by me. I'll link it down below for you guys. But I love you and I'll see you next Sunday. Bye guys.