 Hi guys, what's up? It's Sid. Welcome back to my channel. So if you guys didn't know a few days ago on July 4th I turned 19 and I decided I would vlog my birthday and like some of the days leading up to my birthday because Birthdays are just so much fun and you guys are a big part of my life So I just had to be fun to take you guys in on my birthday experience and like vlog my Experience by the way if you guys don't follow me on Instagram I will have a link to down below. It's just at Sydney, Serena and you can see pictures from my birthday and all that if You guys want to like stay up to date with my life But I wanted to say quickly before I got into the video that I did vlog a few days before my birthday with some of my friends We went to a cute little cabin and kind of like celebrated my birthday and it was super super fun So I wanted to put that in the video and I also vlogged the day before my birthday as well So there's like a few different days in this vlog But it's all like related to my birthday if that makes sense But yeah, it's actually pretty much all I have to say so I hope you guys like the vlog. Let's just get into it Hi guys, we are currently on our way to subway Fun and fresh Literally see room I'm wet on these seats because my leg Talk for me. I don't know. We are here today. We're staying at We are gonna go camping So yeah, we're going to subway to pick up dinner and then we're gonna go back to the cabins hang out Where in the middle of the street? Paper bag you're gonna look like a new cheek. That's a paper bag Say hi I don't think this that was it all right guys. Let's move. No Smells like meatballs I said new sister we're getting the battery welcome to our vlog and we just want to say we love love Oh Okay guys, so it's a little bit later and we have now decorated the little loft I'm so excited because it came together just like I Tumblr and basically we all have these matching like long flannels with socks on and then we bought these lights and Strong them up, and it's just so cute, isn't it? So we're gonna take some cute pictures have a fun photo shoot Oh Hi guys, what's up? So it is currently July 3rd the day before my 19th birthday and it is 6.37 At night and my mom and I just got to a hotel in Minneapolis I'm still in Minnesota if you guys didn't know we both had to be fun if for my birthday We had a little girls night and went to a hotel the night before my birthday and just kind of hung out had a little Girls night because I don't really get to see my mom much since I live in LA We basically booked a hotel for the night. This is like the most beautiful hotel I've never stayed at this hotel before but I wanted to show you guys because we literally just got here And I wanted to show you guys like what it looks like. It's so pretty Oh Hi, welcome didn't see you there Welcome to my crib for one night, but it's fine So let's first start with the bathroom come over here. We have a very light lit. Oh my gosh. It's lit. It really is lit in here It's very clean It's a bathroom. I think we can move on Over here we have the little food section. We have some coffee that I won't be drinking but under here We have a fridge and inside Oh my gosh Anyways, there's your $100 deposit. We also have my birthday cake in here now over to the main part Which is our room? This is the bed. We have a blanket. We have a TV. That's all pretty much it actually. Oh also come over here We have these beautiful windows look how cool these are. It's just such a pretty view of the city Yeah, that's pretty much the tour. Why am I like as a Add a shape My god, it's time for that. Hope you guys enjoyed my little hotel tour I really wanted to take an Instagram picture because I just thought it'd be so fun because it's such a pretty hotel So we brought some balloons and we have the cake, but we have to blow up all the balloons first I My gosh, I That really activates your abs. Okay guys, so we are currently in the middle of blowing up balloons We blew all these up ourselves, but we actually got this little helium tank and blew some of these up So we'll have like some that can float what should you think will look kind of cool And then we also have the cake right here. I just think this is so cute And it's all pink so it kind of all goes together if you couldn't tell I'm doing like a very like pink and white theme and then also for my outfit I actually ordered this set online and it's basically just like this little jumper like pajama set and I just think it's So cute and it's actually super comfortable. I feel so Extra, but it's my birthday. So it's kind of an excuse. I have a crown This is so extra, but you know some days you just got to be extra and today is one of those days Okay guys, so we just finished taking the pictures It honestly didn't even take a long it took like probably 20 minutes now We're gonna get room service because we are both so hungry the last thing I ate was Juryos like eight hours ago That does look good. We got our pizza's and then we also got bruschetta and some water some sprite Ooh, this looks good wow look at this. This is so cute We have all our food and then cute little aesthetic of the room. Uh-huh Muffin time oh This is the grand reveal ready. Oh my nooks is good as yours My looks like it's burnt, but it's okay turn it off Now we're done That's what it says and it's coming you eat and you talk Don't you know I'm an introvert oh I'm getting burnt baby lives. This is such a far away angle. Why are you way over there? No, I don't know how to put it. We're done eating. I am pretty full, but there's always room for cake That's like the cheesiest quarter ready That's like an eighth of an inch Oh Just in my hand Okay, I think I think I'll cut my own taste. Thank you. Is it good? It's okay It's like kind of almost tastes like plastic and chemicals don't hurt my feelings You didn't make it I ordered it Sorry, it's just tastes like chemicals to me, but I'll still eat it. See any plastic. It doesn't taste like plastic It does it's like chemicals. Oh my gosh. It's just so messy We're so ratchet It's you know long day Drop tonight Okay, that's all thanks for watching this eating segment mukbang Oh Guys I'm 19 today I just went through fan edits and like all of these that have a birthday wishes that I woke up to Thank you guys so much seriously in the bottom of my heart for all of the birthday wishes and all the edits I don't even know like what to say you guys are so Incredible and so loving and genuine and kind and thank you guys. Thank you guys for making this the best birthday ever already I So I'm back home now I just got out of the shower actually. That's why my hair is so wet I really wanted to play Mario Kart with my family because that's like my favorite video game ever Oh Okay guys, so we just finished dinner and we are now going to go to fireworks tonight Oh Try to stay cozy with you Cause you it's you Okay, so that is pretty much going to be all for today's video. I hope you guys liked it I hope you guys had fun hanging out with me. I just wanted to say thank you guys again So much for all the sweet birthday wishes. I have never felt so loved by so many people and so many amazing people I just wanted to say thank you because you guys are so incredible and reading all of your sweet messages on my birthday Was just the sweetest most heartwarming thing and I don't really think I can put it into words how I felt But I just felt so loved and I'm just so grateful for you guys So thank you for all the sweet birthday wishes. I love you guys more than you even know But I hope you guys like the vlog. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in my next one. Bye guys