 Hey guys, it's Sid and welcome back. Wow, I look pale. Now I'm in a bad mood. So I just got home. It's currently 5.30 pm. It's a Thursday and I wanted to film a night in my life with you guys. And I wanted to kind of make this more of like a vlog chill video. I have really been trying to go to bed earlier. So this is my night routine on a weeknight. When I'm trying to wake up the next morning at 7am, 8am, I really love nights in and I do live alone. I like to make it really peaceful and calming for myself. I look forward to my nights now actually. And I used to never really like have a night routine. So this is big for me. I can't believe I'm about to say this again. But I'm starting out the night with a workout. I'm starting to think that this is actually me now. You know, the past like six vlogs when I told you guys that I've been working out more, I wasn't sure if it was just a phase. But I'm starting to think it's not a phase. I usually do workout classes. But some nights if I don't want to go to a class or like a soul cycle, I'll go to my little gym in my apartment complex. It's really not a gym. It's the tiniest cubicle. I've kind of been liking working out at night recently. If I workout early enough at like 5pm, it helps me to sleep a lot better. Ew, my god, my socks look so dirty, but they're not. I just cleaned them. I swear I did. I don't even have proper workout shoes yet because I just don't work out. Like I should not be wearing these to work out. I wasn't lying when I told you guys this is the gym. Treb Mill weights bike. But I love this gym because it's in my building which is so nice and I don't have to go anywhere. I can just go downstairs. It's a stop. Okay, let's not do that. When I was at Alow, the trainer had me do an ink line walk for five minutes to warm up. So ever since that, I have been starting all of my treadmill workouts with an ink line walk. Usually go to like seven and then after I like to jog for five minutes on, five minutes off. What I learned from that is that I need a new workout playlist immediately. I have no good songs. Actually, you know what I should do? I should just make a Spotify playlist and make it public and then I'll link it below. And then you guys can add songs. Please do. I think I'm going to do some weights just because I'm down here. I used to kind of be scared of weights, but then I realized it's good for your muscles. It's good for toning and you won't get like bigger from it. I don't know why they're such like a misconception with that or why I felt that way. Whenever I don't know what to do at the gym, I usually just go on Pinterest and I find some little mini workouts on there which are nice. So sometimes I'll do that and they also have some ideas for weights that you can do to switch it up and give some variation. I'm going to go back up to my apartment and shower. I just realized I have to take out the trash and I want to do that before I shower because in my head for some reason I can't take out the trash after I'm cleanly showered. I don't know why that made sense to me in my head. My favorite part about my apartment is my shower. This is the nicest shower that I've ever had. And every time I shower I feel so bougie. I'm doing it everything to shower which if you guys know what that is, you know. It's basically just when you clean everything. I shave, I wash my hair actually. No. I'm not going to wash my hair tonight. Wash my body, moisturize, do everything. The shampoo I'm using is this one. It's by a living proof and it's their full shampoo. I have a really fine hair. So I like to use this. And for conditioner I'm using this Unite one. It's their seven seconds conditioner. And then I bought this by wash from Target a month ago and I don't know how there's still so much left in here. It smells really good. And this is the shaving cream I use by EOS. Of all of my friends and everyone I know I probably eat out the most. And I've just been wanting to eat, well that was a lot. I've just been wanting to eat at home more. So I've been trying some new recipes, cooking at home more and I've actually kind of started to not hate it as much. I actually know. I actually saw all my get I'm just gaslighting myself. I've been seeing some comments that I can't season my food. And to be honest, you're right. You're very right. I don't know what I'm doing. So I ended up omitting the chicken canvas, unfortunately. I don't know, it just smelled kind of weird to be honest. And then I got it nervous. So yeah, I'm just doing veggies and rice, unfortunately. This is not going to fill me out. I'm going to eat something else. I'm kind of sad this was not the meal I was trying to make. Just rice and veggies. I mean it's so good. I just got these new pajamas and I love them. These are actually from Amazon, but they look like the Victoria's Secret ones. I am going to do one of my favorite parts of my night routine, which is my skincare. I love doing skincare. You guys know it's like my favorite part of the day. I think doing my skincare has become more beneficial for my mental state than even my skin. It's just such a nice time at the end of my days that I get to relax, do some self-care. Do some self-care by myself. Something I've been doing when I do my skincare at night is I like to listen to you a podcast. One of my favorite ones, I don't know if this is weird, but I really like the mindset mentor. His name is Rob Dyle and I used to listen to him all the time a couple of years ago. And then I recently just rediscovered him. He's really motivational. I like listening to him actually, especially in the morning, because he just helps me decide a really good tone for my day. I'm going with my Codaly serum. I don't think I want to self-tan tonight. I actually do read my YouTube comments. I know some people on YouTube just don't read them. I was so happy to see that some of you guys also are enjoying us to make room Snapchat stories. Maybe I'm not alone. Maybe my humor isn't that messed up after all. It definitely is. But I'm so excited because I'm going to make the sleepy girl mocktail tonight. I feel like I've been talking about it so much in my recent vlogs. But I'm finally going to try it. I finally got the ingredients for it. And I hope it works because I haven't been sleeping actually specifically last night. I slept badly. So I really can't be playing around. Like I really do need this to work tonight. If you guys haven't seen just for like a little backstory on TikTok, all of these girls have been making sleepy girl mocktails. Basically it's supposed to help you sleep and it's supposed to be a healthier version than taking melatonin. I definitely take melatonin sometimes. I try to avoid it. But this cherry juice is supposed to help your body naturally produce melatonin. I'm not too wish-er. So first step is to put in this cherry juice. Wow, that looks like red wine. Then the second step. Oh wait. Now I'll do this. You need some sort of carbonated beverage. So I'm going to use this one from Poppy. I don't know proportions for this. That's probably bad. The last step is you're supposed to add this magnesium powder. I got the one from Moonjuice because I saw that's what most people were using. It says magnesium is essential for relaxation, sleep, and neurotransmitter function. I was talking to one of my good friends today and she told me that when she tried this, it did help her fall asleep but then it gave her nightmares. So I'm a little scared of that but I'm into deep now. Okay, it's not bad at all. I would drink this for sure. Supposedly I have about 30 minutes until this hits me. So I'm going to read and journal. I'm going to turn on my record player, put on my sunlight, and make it all cute and cozy in here with my mocktail. So everyone on tiptock was right. The mocktail is definitely making me tired. I hope it helps with my quality of sleep though because something can make me tired but then not help me to have a good well rest in sleep. So I'm going to update you guys tomorrow on how it works. Anyways, I was just reading one of my favorite books. It's called A Tommi Cabots. I would say I know I talk about my favorite books a lot, but if I had to pick one favorite book, it would probably be this one. It's just so good and I reread it all the time. I recommend it to all of my friends and all my friends who have read this also have really liked it. I'm just going to brush my teeth and go to bed. So I wanted to end the vlog. I love you guys. I hope that you have fun. All my night routine. I know it's nothing crazy, but I still wanted to vlog my nights with you guys. But I love you guys and I'll see you in my next vlog. Bye guys. Bye.