 Hey guys, it's Sid and welcome back. I do feel the heat. It's you, they've got. I don't know why it tastes like... I just got off class for the day. It's currently 4.55 pm and I feel like it's overdue for me to film a night routine. Every night is different. I feel like if you've been in college or if you're in college, you know that it was very. Sometimes I go out, sometimes I don't, sometimes I'm just studying all night. I thought I'd show you guys my night tonight. First things first, I am so hungry. Maybe I'll go to smoothie from Jamba Juice. I don't know what's come over me the past week, but I have been playing Siza non-shop. I don't know what took me so long because now I'm obsessed with her. So I got a ginger shot. These aren't really hard for me to get down. Like, I'm very dramatic. I don't have a chaser. Thank you. Okay. I ended up getting the peanut butter banana smoothie I think it's called. I don't know why it tastes like not that good this time. The employee was also like very strange. When I went in, like he literally just sat there and just phoned for two minutes. While I was like waiting for him to take my order, it was very odd. Maybe he was just having a rough day, I don't know. Definitely needed this to time me over for dinner. By the way, I don't know if you guys can tell, but I actually got my brows laminated a couple days ago. If you follow me on TikTok, you might have seen it, but I've never done that before. And I feel like I actually really like it. Like it's growing on me. I like the full brow look. Oh, I just remembered I need to go to Ulta because I need to get a new shampoo. And that's kind of one of those things that like I can't really push off any longer. I really do need it. My Ulta trip was a success. I shockingly only went in there and got the things that I went there for. It doesn't usually happen for me. So it's around, I think it's 5.30 now. Before I continue on with my evening, I really do need to clean my room. I feel like if I let my room kind of pile up and get really messy over a few days, it just gets really overwhelming. So I'm trying to like clean it in the morning and at night. This is what it looks like right now. It's not horrible, but definitely needs some work. Guys, I just got an email from my professor saying we had class. Last class, he said to the class, no class next week. And he's like, yeah, we do have class. Like what? I'm just like now I'm like gasping myself. Like did I hear that right last week? Whatever, I'm gonna walk in a class late and this is about to be really awkward. So pray for me. Started three months ago. I'm like so confused. Like, did I seriously like, fuck up this bad? I'm just like, you break it in the middle of the run and it's just in the information plan. Okay, class is done. It actually wasn't too long. Guys, this package came at the perfect time. This is actually my threat of order I placed a few days ago. You guys know what this means? Paul time, in a bit. You guys know I've been trying to cook more. And one of the recipes that I saw recently, actually on TikTok, is this Chipotle-style dinner for college students. I feel like you can't really mess this up. So I'm gonna start off with the rice. One of my roommates actually has a rice cooker. So when I looked it up, you just put equal part rice and water. Oops, that was kind of cool. I'm gonna put a little bit of this chicken seasoning in this bowl that my roommate recommended. And then I'm just gonna throw in some salt and a little bit of pepper. I'm just gonna coat the chicken in the seasoning. Now, this could be completely wrong. Please don't come for me. While this is cooking, I do feel the need to explain why I almost missed my class. Long story short, I ended up joining this class late last week. He let me in, who's super nice about it. But because I joined it late, I wasn't it like on the email list to get emails regularly from him. So basically, he sent out an email I guess to the whole class last week after he said that we weren't having class. And he was like, by the way, we're actually having class next week. So that's why I was so confused. I really did gasp my self for a second. Like I truly did think like, did I miss your hand? Oh, it actually is quite burnt. I was so close when I was at the grocery store, to buying creme guacamole. It's easier, it's faster. I do feel like home-made guacamole is one of those things that actually tastes so much better than the stuff it's creme made. Of course, I got an avocado. I got an onion. And I also got tomato to throw in there. Okay, so this is my dinner. I have some of the chicken. Yes, it is a little overcooked. And then I have the tomatoes with cilantro. Mmm, it's good. You guys already know what time it is. It's all time. I want to show you guys some of the things that I got my threat up order. Also, thank you to threat up for sponsoring this video. I placed up pretty large threat up order. Like I got quite a few things. If you guys actually don't know what threat up is, it's essentially an online thrift store. I also just really love online shopping in general. And that's why I really love threat up. I've actually worked with them a couple times in the past few years. So, let's see what I got. Oh my god, I forgot I got the boot. These are so perfect. First things first, I got this sweater. This one just jumped out of me. I've been trying to be more daring with my clothing choices. I feel like I'm kind of getting predictable. Next up is this black halter top. It has some layers in it too. I thought that this could be cute with some short jean shorts. Next up, I got a pair of jeans. These are just high-waisted light wash jeans. These are also from the brand Weivise, which is one of my favorite brand jeans. Next up, I got this zip up sweater. I've been really liking the long zip up sweater type of vibe. Clearly, I've been varying to zip ups because I also got this one. This is a navy blue zip up, but it goes higher up on the neckline. I also got this. This is kind of like a crazy sweater because it's so texturally patterned differently. Again, I've been trying to do more fun clothing. As you guys saw earlier, I did get these boots, which I like... I'm sure you can just tell, but I'm so excited for these. I've been wanting a pair specifically, Michael Cors, Meehive boots like this. And when I saw these with the right up, I was like, these are perfect. And lastly, I got this white button down blouse. So yeah, that's basically everything that I got from ThreadUp. What's really cool is ThreadUp has this feature now, where you can click the link. I'll put it in my description box. And it will recommend similar items to what I like. If you want to take inspo from my type of style, they also have a mobile app. If you want to use that for your shopping. So if you guys want to check out ThreadUp, you can use my code Sydney and get 35% off your order. My roommates and I are bored. And I had the idea to prank our other roommate Ashley who's coming home in about 10 minutes from class. So I just wanted to start the pot, you know what I mean? We decided we would have a little presentation on the TV when she walks in saying 10 reasons why we should kick Ashley out of the house. This is believable. We're gonna be talking about a few different things. We're gonna be talking about some sort of reasons that Ashley should be picked out of. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. What's that funny little bird? You didn't know? You didn't know? Okay, why do you guys are so bad? Oh my God. I've been sad like that for the first time. All right, that's an hour. Are you? I don't know how I'm going to do. What do you have? You're letting me go. I don't know. I don't know. So we're going to the yogurt land. Wow, this lighting sucks. We should listen to something good. Yeah, let's listen to the banger. Okay. I can ride it while you're not doing my keys. It's a swimming car. It's on a bedtime. That's on a morning to have Applebees. It's on a morning to have Applebees. I'm Applebees. We drove 20 minutes for this yogurt land because all the other ones were closed because we had to wait for Ashley to get home from class. Yeah, we waited an hour for her to come home. And that's real good. It's so hard. So we decided to get baguettes. We just like pull out a lot of baguettes are fire. He lied. He said there was no custard in it. He probably didn't really know he was talking about it. That's too real. It looks really like he didn't know. But like, I thought I'd say you don't know. It's our making. Look at us. We're cute roommates. We're cute roommates. Remates by chance, friends and a choice. Oh. So lovely. We got all made roommates. To riddle me friends. riddle me this, riddle me that. Riddle me rain, riddle me tats. Two. Let's go get tattoos. I'm so exhausted. One thing I always say is that no matter how tired I am, I always do my skincare. So I'm not going to do my skincare routine. I feel like every video, I'm always getting on ready in here. Ironically enough, going to bed. Used to be something that I don't want to say I dreaded it, but I just didn't really. I don't know. I just didn't really care about it. I definitely didn't look forward to it. And now it's just crazy because it's actually my favorite part of my day. Basically all I'm saying is I just like to light a candle, turn on my little lights, and really just spend time with myself. And also some nights I like to do face masks. As you guys know, this is the volcano mask from Sonya to Car. The last time I used a face mask in a YouTube video, things did not end well for me. I'm scared to like see what's underneath this guys. Ow. I'm just going to let this sit for a little bit. I'm going to read a book in my cute room that just feels so viby. Face masks off. Retainer is in. I'm going to go to bed now. Thank you guys so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed my kind of, it was kind of chaotic my night routine. Also don't forget to check out FredUp and use my code to get a discount on your first purchase. But I love you guys and I'll see you in my next vlog. Bye guys. Bye.