 Hey guys, what's up? Welcome back to another vlog. So up in the day. It's like what dinner and then I like what today we are doing be I was gonna say highly requested by actually don't think. I don't think anyone requested this but myself. I'm gonna be doing my college night routine. I just got out of class a little bit ago. I had class from like 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. That was like a handshake that I just did. I feel like that would be so fun if like I have like a trademark handshake that we do and then you guys do it on your side of the screen. Oh my god wait I think I'm gonna start doing that. So I changed into leggings and a sports bra. It is actually somewhat cold today. So I'm gonna do this. Okay I'm in my backyard that I never go in which is so sad for me. Don't forget to stretch ladies and gents. So my roommates actually have this little dice and you basically roll it and it has different workout tasks. So there's tons of anything on here and I kind of like to use this because it makes working out a little bit more fun. 10 push-ups. Also don't ask don't you dare ask about the Target Grocery Cart. I promise I didn't seal it. It's someone threw it in my backyard. Cheers. Hi. Hi. You had so sweet what's your name? Sadie? I'm Jigglypuff. Like Night routine. Not routine? Cool. I get a picture of you. Of course. I love. Thanks for saying hi. I'll see you Sadie. Okay. Bye. Bye. Bye. That was adorable. Wow. I think you could see me in the video but I was so confused because thought she was waving at my neighbor behind me. So I just like looked at her and then I like looked back. Anyways, I'm now on my way to go with dinner. I'm going to this place called Green Tomato which is my favorite freaking place in the world. Sorry. I need me to scrape. So in this chicken teriyaki bowl, there is rice, chicken, edamame, broccoli, chives, and teriyaki sauce. It is so good. I'm now getting my nails done. They were just really bothering me. They're so grown out and I want my real nails. I want to get their clothes off. Today. I decided to quickly stop to get my nails done. They were about to close. This is one of the only slons that was still open. I saw this color and style on Pinterest. I just love how it's almost like a translucent white and these are actually my real nails. I've had acrylics for honestly over six months now and I was like my nails need a break. I just, the acrylics were getting really thick. One of my friends was like you should try gel powder or dip powder nails with gel on it. Before I shower, I am going to clean my bathroom because I share a bathroom with my roommates and it is my turn to clean. I just showered my body. I didn't wash my hair. I wanted to shave my skin care. I definitely talked about skin care. Probably way too much at this point. I just love spending time with myself at the end of the day and that's kind of like when I think about things at night. When I do my skin care. It's like when I have all my deep revelations. Anyways. Something I was recently told is I do need to exfoliate my face more. So I got this exfoliator from Avino. I exfoliate like twice a week and it just really helps to de-clog my pores. It looks like I got to scalp electrocuted. But it actually did happen to me once. I am going to go in with my vitamin C serum. This is from Sunday Riley. I want to, oh my god. Am I going to get on wiki feet again? Whatever. So yeah, I just like going to get on wiki feet again. But I just don't care. So I just realized I wanted to do face mask. I don't know why I did all my skin care and then I remembered that. This is the Glamblow Super Mud Treatment. I should not be doing this on my bed. I do need to study a little bit before bed. I just have this test coming up Friday and I know if I don't start now, I will cram. So I'm not going to do that. So my goal is to just finish my study guide. I have like a fourth of it left. Good news is I finished my study guide. I turned on my little sunset lamp for the first time actually. I saw an ad for it on TikTok and I love it. It's actually so cool. But not as time for bed, I am going to read. I'm currently reading this book. It's called Proversion of Justice and it's actually pretty good. I stole this from my dad in Minnesota. So first though, really quick. I do have to write out my to do this for tomorrow in my little notebook. I'll either do this in my phone or notebook like the night before if I can remember. So yeah, this is my to do list for tomorrow. And now it's time for my favorite part of the night when my phone is off. I look busted right now, I'm really sorry. I just got like scared looking at myself and love you find her. Oh my god, I'm so lucky. I am going to go to bed now. I just like wanted to take a second because I actually remember to do an outro. I know. But I hope you guys have a great rest of your week and I love you and I'll see you at my next vlog. Bye guys.