 Well guys, it's official. I am a college student. Hey guys, it's said. So today's video, I'm really wearing these glasses for no reason. So I am in my college apartment right now. I was originally supposed to be in a dorm and um, COVID happened. So I'm in an apartment instead. I just really went all out on this apartment for no reason at all. I'm only gonna be here for like nine months or so and I was I want to make this really different than I've ever made my other rooms before. I really just did it all. I put my blood, sweat, tears, energy, time, persistence. All of my resources into this apartment. I really hope it was worth it to be honest. I'm actually so excited because I'm filming this video a lot different because I'm gonna be filming it on my iPhone with one second. My smooth XS gimbal which is today's sponsor. So basically this is a tripod stabilizer and just when you thought it couldn't get any better. A selfie stick. No, this is actually the freaking coolest thing though. Basically it just connects to your phone via Bluetooth and it has so many cool features. It keeps the video super stable. I'll show you guys. This is the little tripod portion. Super easy. There's a few buttons right here to navigate it but my favorite thing about this is that it can track your face. So here I am now and just watch. Is that not so cool? I just love how there's so many different features in this one product, especially because it just hooks up right to your phone. It's so easy. Also this has the best stabilization I have seen and I really appreciate how small it is but that is what I'm gonna be filming my video on today. So I just wanted to tell you guys a little bit about it. First, meet my roommate. This is Maddie. Hi guys, I'm Maddie. Maddie's gonna be filming my room tour. My room is right there. All right, let's get started. Oh my gosh. Crazy seeing you here. Do you want to see my room? Okay guys, so here's my room. We're gonna start here. So this wall starting off is very special to me because this is my university, Chapman University, and Orange California. Let's go panthers. Next up, this is my closet actually. So I'll kind of show you guys how I organized it. This is my shoot tree. I actually got this from Dormify and this is like the most helpful thing I think in my whole apartment. I have my hamper back here. I really like it because it separates into two compartments. So basically, lights and darks. And that's also from Dormify. If you know me, you would know that I love hoodies. So I have all my crannacks here. That's it for my closet. Kind of boring. Oh. Over here. This is my mirror. It's just gray kind of wood. I feel like it matches like my room pretty well. It's pretty neutral. So I really, really like that. Let's move on to my bed. So this is my bed. So I got my bedding from Dormify. I also have this blanket from I don't know where because it's actually not even mine. This right here is my pillow from Dormify. And then if you look right here, this is like my photo wall. Basically, what I did was I found this girl in Etsy, which is really awesome to work with. I'll leave her shop link down below. She basically put together an assortment of like aesthetic Y2K photos. Why am I so depressed? That's the thing. I'm out of shape. We out of like walk together going to eat. We'll do a walk on Sunday. Oh, I also have this. I thought I'd like add some personality to just stick it here. Guys, our fire alarm went off in our apartment complex two nights ago. Let's just meet sleeping at 5am. Ready? Okay, we created. Maddie! Who's a fire? Maddie! And basically, there was no fire, but we all had to leave and evacuate at like 4am. Did I have our phones? Didn't know what was happening. But I thought there was a bonding experience for us. Oh, totally. Oh yeah, right here actually. I have my loafers. Oh, I get it. Yeah, that took me a second. I have this light that it also got from Dormify. It's really nice when I'm studying in like, do Zoom's late at night here. I just put my YouTube plaque there. I didn't really know where else to set it. This also is a really highlight of my room. I really love it. So, these CDs are actually from the same girl that I got the prints from. And then I just put this little letterboard here from Urban Outfitters. I actually saw this idea on Pinterest. So, I have a second bed, but Maddie doesn't sleep in here. I actually know one sleeps in this bed. So, I turn it into a little couch. This also is my room that I got from Amazon. So, like, it just makes it a bit more cozy. Oh, actually, the last thing. Is my clouds. Who are you living the sky? Yeah, basically, I live in the sky. I got these on Etsy. I just like strung them up with the little tape and stuff that it comes with. So, yeah, that's my room tour. I hope you guys liked the video. Why am I so awkward? This video was super fun to film and I just wanted to say thank you again to Smooth SX for giving me the stabilizer. It's really awesome. I'm sure you guys could tell in the shots how steady it was. Also, what's super cool, these buttons can actually control the phone for you. So, for example, I can press record just directly on here. It also has a gesture control feature where it senses your gesture and it'll just take a photo for you. I also really love the moving time lapse feature. If you're into really creative video shots like I am, I think you'd find this feature super hopeful. So, yeah, if you guys want to check it out, it's 74.99 and I'll put a link to it down below. But I love you guys and I'll see you in my next video. Bye.