 Hi guys, it's said welcome back to my channel. Oh, my hair is darker now. Let's just start there. I am going to be doing my everyday college makeup routine. Some of the days I don't do my makeup because like there's just no way I'm going to do my makeup when I was off all night studying. On the days that I'm actually feeling motivated and I want to do my makeup, this is what I will do. I was supposed to film this video a couple of days ago, like before I went to school. I thought it'd be so cute to be like, oh get ready with me for class. And then I got sick. So I didn't even go to school. Oh, I also went out ice latte this morning and it was so bad. I'll like get to it later but like I'm still traumatized. Anyways. My skin has been freaking out recently. I don't know if you guys can really tell but I've had really dry eyelids to the point where like burns. Something that's been helping is this. This is the summer Fridays face oil. I never used to do this. I'm also like, I used to be scared of oil. I'll put a few drops of this on my eyelids. Guys, my eyelids get so, I had something's definitely wrong with them. Sorry, I'm just like, ranting. I don't know. I should probably see a dermatologist. I'm feeling fancy. I'll start it out. My makeup by spraying this anti-oxidant spray. I don't know if it definitely makes me feel fancy. I really prefer glowing natural makeup especially for school. I don't like to go too heavy. My whole face has been really dry recently so I honestly don't know what's going on. I will use some of my Charlotte Tilbury. I think this is called their Magic Cream. I just like, prep my skin with some moisture. So after I just put on a thin layer of this, I will start with my foundation. I honestly don't even really consider this foundation. It's more of like a skin tint. I like to use my beauty blender to blend in everything. And I'm supposed to let it, but sometimes I just don't want to get up and go to the bathroom. So I'll just spray this face spray. Then I like to go out with my tart shape. What? Then I like to go in with my tart shape tape concealer. I do need a concealer that is higher coverage than my foundation. And I really love this concealer. I'll just put it on any red spots or pimples like this one. Just gotta embrace some of these days, you know? I don't know. Can you guys tell that I sound sick or like I sometimes I don't know if it just sounds like it to me? Now that that is done, I'm going to go in and set my makeup with my Charlotte Tilbury powder. I'm obsessed with this stuff as you guys can tell. It's so nice. It just doesn't crease at all. It took me a while to find a good setting powder that I liked. Okay. So I actually recently switched out my eyebrows here. I used to always use an eyebrow pencil. I had never used like a polymate before. I think because I was scared it would look super heavy and just knock it with like the natural makeup that I like. But I realized you've been totally made this look natural as well. And this is a really good product. This is the Benefit Brow Gel. And I just like to do like really light strokes to make it look like it's actually my eyebrow hair. This morning was unfortunate for me. I got my iced coffee at Starbucks and I didn't have a cup holder space for it so I like set it in the middle of my car. And then I started driving and obviously it spilled. And it spilled like all over my feet. It was like a pool of coffee in my car. And I was like so sad and I was like do I go in there and get another one like that's so embarrassing. I told them what happened because I fell dumb going in again. And they actually gave me a free coffee. So that was really nice. And that's the story of this. So after I fill in my brows I like to go in with a little spooly and just brush the product through. Sometimes I'll just leave like this because I don't want to do anything else. But if I'm really feeling it I'll do more. And today I have time because I'm not even going to school. I'm going to go in with some bronzer now. This is also like not the right brush. And I'll always like drag it down to my neck. Next I like to go in with some blush. This is a tart powder blush. I'm usually more of like a cream blush girl but I've been trying this recently and I've really liked it. I feel like I don't care why that literally looks the same. But I swear in person it does look different. See? I'm kind of tell. I'm going to put on some highlight now. I'm going to use one of my favorite highlights. This is the one from Glossier and it's a liquid highlighter. I like to put this on my brow bone, cheekbones, all that. I also don't have a cupense bow so something I will do is just put a little bit of highlight right there and kind of make it look accentuated. Like I was saying my eyes are literally so busted. It's something's wrong. Like it looks like I'm wearing eye shadow but they're just dark and red. So I'm trying not to do any eye shadow because I just don't want to irritate them more. So I'm just going straight to mascara. Every time I cover my eyelashes I think about the time that I cover my eyelashes in my car and then we would know where to be bump and then I ripped all my eyelashes out. Oh well. Bojo. So what are you doing? I'm just in my bedroom. Oh that's so weird because I sent you a text message a bit ago and it seems like you have to be looking at it. Oh my god I didn't respond. I'm sorry. I'm filming. It's because I'm filming. I'm then going to go in with my rare beauty mascara. I'm such a Selena Gomez fan so when I got like the PR I was freaking out. I still have not mastered the art of putting on mascara without it getting on my eyelids so it's the only way that I can do it. Okay we are almost done. Um oh my gosh I forgot to do something. Hold on. I've been recently liking to put on a little bit of highlighter in my inner corners. After I do my mascara I do really like to just draw a little wing on each of my eyes but I like to make it just small and I use this brown eyebrow pencil. I'm going to go in with my Clarence lip stain. I feel like this just makes my lips look like my lip color but better. I think that's my makeup you guys. Oh so my hair could do some work but that's my makeup. Thank you guys for watching. You know I hope you enjoyed. Thank you guys for hanging out with me. This was really fun. I love you guys and I'll see you in my next video. Bye.