 Hey guys, it's sad and welcome back. Today I'm gonna be filming my makeup. To be honest, nobody requested this. I don't think I saw one person asking for this. I just wanted to film it because I thought it'd be fun. You know, I hope you guys like this. Thank you mom for getting these for me for Christmas. Also, I got my nails done. I do my like this color. Wow, it actually matches my lips. Exactly. Starting out with some skincare, I think skincare is like the most important step for my makeup. A good skincare base makes the world a difference with my makeup and just how it lays. You know, if I spend a little extra time moisturizing and popping my skin right before, my makeup looks so much better. I just started out by using this daily rescue spray. It's almost gone. Next I'm gonna go in with this Codalay Radiance Serum. It's a very thin, almost moisturiser. It feels really nice on my skin. It smells so nice too. I like to use these bronze drops by Drunk Elephant. I'm sure you guys have heard of them. Normally when I use these, I like to use the Drunk Elephant Moisturizer with it. It comes in like the perfect little pump. It's just really easy to mix. But I just ran out of it like three nights ago. So I've been using this one. This is also a great moisturizer. It's by Lenege. It also smells so good. It smells like macy's, but in the best way. So I just take a little bit of this. I put in a few drops. I like to mix it before I put it on my skin. And this one is giving me the most perfect bronze dewy base to your makeup. Also this pimple sucks. Just like it hurts. I'm gonna go in with a little bit of under eye cream before I start my makeup. This is the Clarence Total Eyelift. I try to be really delicate whenever I put product under or around my eyes because the skin here is just so thin. I was told once like years ago to use your ring fingers because it's the most delicate finger. So now it's just what I do. So I've used this Ilya skin tint on and off for probably three years now. I just always end up coming back to it. I ran out of my other one, but I don't know what shade I am right now. My shade kind of just varies depending on how much I fake tan. I don't actually tan, guys. I like to put on just a titch of this. What's nice about this skin tint is it actually does have SPF in it and it has a high SPF and has SPF 40. I kind of go on phases with using my fingers, using a brush, but I've been back in my beauty blender era. I hate saying era. So I went and bought a new one. It was needed. You know what this? This is also very light coverage. So if you like that lighter coverage look and you want to wear something but nothing to heavy like foundation, I think this is the perfect skin tint and I think you like it. Okay, next I'm going to go in and take care of this. I had a pimple here for like a week and then the second it started to go away. Another one came up. I think it spread or something. Is that how that works? It probably is since it's like bacteria. Right? By the way, this is the tower 28 concealer. I've been trying a new powder, which I've really enjoyed. This is the hourglass powder and it's translucent. I'm pretty sure. Yeah, it's translucent. I was at Sephora and I saw this little sample version and it's really nice. A little bit. It definitely goes a long way. Moving on to bronzer. I've gone back to my rare beauty contour stick. I don't even think this is the right shade for me. I think this is definitely a bit too dark. But it honestly still works for me. I just like to carve out my cheekbones. Then I also like to put a few dots right by my forehead. I really want to learn how to contour my nose. I've been trying you guys. I've been trying to do it. And I haven't really established a good method for it yet. I don't know if I'm just doing it wrong. So I don't want to show you guys yet because I just don't feel confident. Or if you guys have tips on how to do that, actually please let me know. I think I'm the most lucky girl ever. I feel like that at least a couple days ago. I bought this PR package from Say. So I've tried a couple of their blushes, but I thought it'd be fun to try it in my shade today. Because this is kind of a bold choice for me. It's like Barbie pink. Ooh, I love this color. It looks so good. It just blends so nicely. I like to try to stay away from the thick cream blushes. It's just really hard for me to blend those and have them look natural. So this is like the perfect formula. I also like to put a titch of it on my nose because I feel like if you get sunburned or start to blush naturally, it's kind of this whole area. Including like the bridge of your nose. I like it. No, I love it. I kind of had this epiphany recently that feel like I've been doing my eyebrows too much with an arch right here. I just don't really like that. Look as much anymore. I just kind of like to make them a bit more straight versus have a strong pointed arch. So to do that, I've been kind of growing out my brows a little bit and I fill in a little bit lower than I usually would. Kind of right in this area. So it's more of a straight across brow. I used to make the mistake by trying to make my eyebrows look identical. The more I would do them, it would just, they just keep getting darker and darker. It just did not look good. Your eyebrows are not supposed to be twins. They're supposed to be sisters. I like to blend with a little brow gel. So this is the closest tinted brow gel. I do like that has a little bit of a tint to it. So it kind of fills in any sparse areas. And it also lifts my eyebrows a little bit since I like to brush them in like a diagonal direction. I really don't wear a lot of eyeshadow on a day to day basis. If I'm going out at night or going out to like a nice dinner, then I will. So I kind of like to focus more on my eyelashes. So first things first, I obviously curl my lashes. There's no key way to do this. I feel like I look possessed. I kind of get an eyelash tint again. I really like doing that. But I still don't know if it's bad for your eyelashes. I mean, it definitely cannot be good for them. Then I like to go in with my mascara. So today I'm not going to use this one, but I've been using it a lot recently. And it's a brown mascara actually. This is the one by Tower 28. It's in the shade Drift. And it's such a dark brown color that it almost looks black, but it's just slightly more natural looking. So day to day, I usually do like to wear this. But since I'm going to be putting on a couple fake lashes, which I'll show you guys in a second, I'm just going to use my normal black mascara because I want it to mesh well with that. If you guys follow me on TikTok, I posted about this probably two months ago. Ever since I discovered this, I've been loving it. I bought these individual lash clusters at CVS one day, like super randomly. I just decided to try them on the ends of my eyelashes. I've never liked the look of fake lashes, but these are so minimal. It just lifts the edges of your eyes almost to make you look more awake, I guess. And I love this so much. I've been telling all my friends about it and they've been trying it too and they really like it. I definitely did not invent this. Like people definitely do this, but I like the shorter to medium ones. As you can see, those ones that I used already, they're all pretty similar in length though. I just take my tweezer, I take my lash glue. I think they still is on Amazon too, by the way. I'll try to find a link for you guys and link it below. I just put a little bit of glue on the end. And then I wait for like 20 seconds, just so the glue gets tacky. I try to just set it lightly at the base of my eye. I'm going to put it on the top of my eye. Look at the difference guys. The difference to me is so good. It's just my favorite addition to the end of my makeup to make it a little bit better. And I just love how it looks so much. I'm going to obsess with doing this. And oh god, I have a meeting right now. Hold on. If there's one thing you do in this video, I would try that. Last step, I'm going to put on a little bit of lip gloss. This is the say lip gloss and the shade bounce. And it's just really natural looking. I like this because it also has a tiny bit of a tint to it. This is like the perfect everyday lip gloss. That's just my nails. Actually last step, I almost forgot. I'm going to use a setting spray. This is the one by Melk and it's really nice. My mom actually got this for me for Christmas. So thank you mom. But yeah, that's basically my everyday makeup. This was really fun to film and I hope you guys enjoyed watching it. I'll try to link all of the products that I use down below for you guys. I love you guys. Thanks so much for watching and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.