 Wow Welcome back guys Hey guys, it's Sid and I'm about to do my makeup for class I will say literally half the days. I don't do makeup for class because I just don't care enough also I would say this is just kind of like my go to makeup in general recently I love like that natural-do-y, glowy look that's kind of looks like you're not wearing makeup So if you like that kind of makeup look, I feel like this is the video for you Firstly, I missed you guys just want to say that hi, I missed you guys a little odd. I've been sick Actually, we're gonna get you that later. I think I have ADHD. I can't focus on things I cannot like do a task and like not get distracted Anyways, so I'm starting out my makeup with this. This is a Charlotte's Tilbury Magic Serum. My friend told me it was good and I actually do like how it makes my skin look It just like preps my skin in a really nice glowy-do-y way I'm a big advocate for sunscreen every single day So I found this Ilya skin tint and it actually has SPF 40 in it. What I like about this I love how I want you to shake it. I forgot oops one time I was shaking this and The lid was literally not on and you know what happened after that So what I love about this is it's so lightweight It's truly like really I don't want to say watery, but it kind of is But that's what I like about it because I don't like a really thick foundation This is truly like a very light coverage product and it melts like perfectly into my skin Oh Wow Finally I did something right and what I mean by that is I actually followed the trends Everybody I feel like on tiktok has been talking about the cossus or cossus concealer And I finally got my own and I do really like it. It's just kind of like lightweight So I'm just putting a little bit of this under my eyes I do find that less is more nowadays because I feel like I used to cake on like layers of concealer And that would always backfire I feel like you could just see like streaks of concealer on my face This is the Laura Mercier translucent powder and I feel like I've just like heard about this for so long And I finally did try it something with powders is I kind of just like struggle with it not looking cakey But this just looks like my skin so I will say my brow routine right now is a little bit ratchet it it is It's a little bit ratchet because I have to make do with the fact that my Gimme brow pencil for benefit is kind of busted. It's not really doable So I'm using this little angled brush and then I like Do this the past five days I had the flu. I didn't see it coming It came out of nowhere one night Subsequently I spent the next four days on my deathbed Right there. It was actually horrible though. I haven't been sick like that I feel like since I was in like elementary school and I could not move So today like me going to class is actually a huge accomplishment for me because I'm now better enough I don't have a fever. I'm not like contagious or anything Being sick really did like make me appreciate my good friends like I had to like so many like well not so many I had like good friends who like brought me stuff and like Drop stuff off for me and it was just very sweet I'm just like at a very grateful point for the people in my life right now I feel so content with like all of my friendships Like I feel like I have like the best support system that I've ever had Sometimes like friendships like take work and they're not easy And I feel like fostering like those really important friendships to you is important And usually effort is required on both ends and I feel like that's just something I've learned as I've gotten older Oh my god my camera feels like it's about to blow up Oops well hopefully it doesn't explode while I'm filming um Something I've been doing recently is accentuating my little beanie marks with just a little bit of like my brow product Why not highlight your natural features? I think it's fun to do that I am then gonna go in with this Nix that gets ticket gel This just kind of fills in the rest of the sparse areas It also keeps them in place and I like to brush my brows in a diagonal direction Just so they're slightly lifted without them being straight up I Kind of have it switching it up a little bit I have been using this who a glow bronzer. I feel like this was like the product in 2016 So I don't know why I'll send it and I'm using it now, but I do really like it It just creates that glow without it looking sparkly I am back on this iliastic. I stopped using it for a while because I wanted to Switch it up, but I'm back because I just love it so much. This is the iliast cream blush stick and the shade at last I love this. It's just so blendable and it's just such pretty shade For my highlight, I'm using this glossy a highlight. This is just the liquid future. Do again just like everything with my makeup I'm blending it and with my finger Also, I don't know if you guys noticed I did get lash extensions Which it's just the most convenient thing especially for days that I don't want to wear makeup I just roll out of bed and then it already looks like my like lashes are perfect And I didn't used to be a fan of lash extensions. Honestly, I went through like a phase where I was just not into them But my friend recommended to me this lash tech and she does such an amazing job because they look so natural like they Look like your lashes, but better even though I don't do mascara. I do use a spoolie just to comb them out Um, I'm a huge huge Selena fan. First of all, can we just talk about her? Her documentaries coming out in A month I am just obsessed with her Um, but that's besides the point. I am using this rare beauty lip liner This isn't a shade worthy and I really like this shade because it really does look like my natural lip color Some days I'll just leave it like this, but if I want a little bit of Moisture or glow to them. I'll take this Clarence lip oil And there you have it. There is my makeup for class I hope that you guys picked up like one little thing from this video I feel like with makeup videos I always pick up like at least one little like tipper trick that I end up adding to my routine So maybe you did or maybe you didn't because I And not a professional but regardless. Thank you for hanging out with me You guys are just the best and I just like feel like I don't say that enough But I really do appreciate you guys a lot. Thank you guys for watching. I love you guys And I'll see you in my next look. Bye guys