 I'm a buff baby but I dance like a man. She a nice lady and she shaking her hands. Spent the whole summer trapping out to sit down marching with the bands cuz I think that I can. Oh, so I can go to the gym. Why am I so awkward? Hey guys, good morning. So I should be quiet. I think my room is still sleeping. So it's 9 AM. Today, as you can probably already tell, I'm going to be doing a college day in my life. So yeah, I just finished my Spanish class. It was way bueno. No. And now I'm going to eat breakfast. So basically today I had class at 8 AM and then I class again at 9 AM which is in 5 minutes so I better eat this fast. And then I have a medium at 12.30 with my cal professor. So essentially I have a 10 minute break. So I don't want to be late. My English muffins are very not cooked but it's going to have to be that way today. So here's the thing. I fell asleep for two hours. So yeah, it's 12.28 and I'm meeting with my cal professor in two minutes on Zoom. I actually had a really bad migraine and I don't know if you guys had migraines before but I couldn't like see anything. Anyways, that's why I fell asleep. It was not intentional. Okay, I gotta look awake. Do we have to know the other like six rules or just the one based rule with the ex-planet? Yeah, it's the one based rule. Time to have a talk of the original dragon. Cheers. This is Alexa. They all know you. Hi. What's happened? I got options as I should. Why did I put like so much block on that? Yeah, I don't want to show it. Show it, show it, show it. It's like disturbing. Okay guys, so first thing in school is honestly so far it's been really chill. It was kind of stressful just trying to like figure out how to navigate the site but I persevered and I'm here. I was gonna like get ready to go to dinner but it's that college life. Well, it's just your hardest class. Probably my calc class. It's just so hard over zoom. Whoever else is in school right now on zoom, I feel you. It's definitely so much harder but hopefully we'll get past this really rough time and we'll all be back into in person class as soon. We can only hope. That's just a thing. Anyways, we're gonna need to eat. They really over did it with the block but I can't complain. I can, this is too much. Yeah, it's like kind of disgusting. It's like drowning. Like why do you go so heavy? I think it's cuz bro when I walked in he liked checked you out. No he didn't. Yes he did. He gave me more block. Yeah, he was like looking at you like a lot so he gave me extra block. Wow. I'm flattered. Like a bag. Daddy, I'm flattered. Daddy, I'm flattered. By popular demand. Maddie, it's my roommate. It's back. So since this is the first day of school we're like you know what? We should bond. So we're gonna make banana bread. Here's the thing. I don't cook. This is me. So, pretty oven to 350. On it. Next step. Oh, we have butter. I have vegan butter. It's kind of gross but. We're so dumb. Why is it spicy? We're so dumb. You guys can eat this dude. Yeah. I don't know. We didn't have banana. So now I'm smoking all my veggies and I'm counting on my. Alright, this is where our like hard work pays off or it doesn't. It's just a hard work. I know. It's like box makes that I like it hard work. It's not bad. It's bad. It's bad. It couldn't use those bananas. I think it does. It's like banana bread. I can't taste any banana. It's like bread. You know what we tried and honestly I've got your girl to learn this. It's disgusting. My other girl might want to try it. No. Now we're going to come back with the Eats It. Yeah. You might be scared of the boys away with this one. It's not going to lie. Usually like the Fati works but not in this scenario. It's not bad but this is just a their skill straights the trash room. Anyways, after that I decided to work on homework for a little bit. And then I brushed my teeth. Basically just got ready for bed. But I just wanted to say I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching. And I hope you're excited for more college videos. I'll see you my next one. Bye guys.