 Oh, I'm already nervous. Hey guys, what's up? It's said. So today, you know what, I feel like some of you are going to be disappointed in me for some reason. Like, I really just stooped to this level. But I'm just that bored, truly. I have never frickin' been on Omega in my entire life. This may be a shock to some of you. I just never really got into it, to be honest. I think mostly just because I was nervous of the horror stories I've heard. If you guys don't know what Omega is, it's basically an online live video chat site. I am just such like a people person. I love meeting people. I love talking to new people. But this is different. This is more weird and like scary. The name itself is just like really like weird and like cringy kind of. This could go many different ways. I cannot really tell you this. Honestly, quarantine makes you do some pretty frickin' crazy things. This is the last resort. Here we are. You alright? Yeah, good way from. Why am I not on the picture world? I'm only Smith, so I should be on yours. Sorry. How old are you? Oh, shit. How old you reckon I am? No, how did you guess that? Yeah, how old are you? You gonna have me on Snapchat? Yeah. What is this? Oh, we look at the quality on this fucking thing. What's going on? Hi. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. That's not real right now. Oh my god. I didn't literally just watch your videos yesterday. I'm kinda right now. You feel me, miss? Yes. Oh my god. What? I can see you about going on and I'm like fine. Hi. Hey. I just got done having a full-blown argument. My glasses. Do you do? Okay, that's good enough for me. It's probably because of that right there, but I don't really care. That's facts. I do. You, you look like a youtuber. I don't know what her name is, but I watched it before. I swear. I know. I know. Yeah, I've watched it before. I've watched you so many times. I know I know you belong Wait, not yet I know I know you belong You belong to me What's up? It's my second time Uh, there's some dub in on here Basically, yeah Yeah, that's correct, yeah Oh, I like your room You're so pretty Oh, my God, Michael, look how pretty this girl is Oh, she is cute I know Hi, you are famous You're a tic-tucker No, no, no, no, you're a YouTuber You look famous Huh Thank you, I like yours too Discussing Hi I'm sorry I'm sorry Wait, under the sea Under the sea Are you a marina? No, I'm from Australia It's like, um, I did, but literally I didn't know where I went I can explain I was like, mom, I want to go to America I don't remember where it was, but we went to this beach that had a pier Oh, we went to California Yeah I feel like I recognize it, but I don't know where from Oh, I literally subscribed to you Oh my gosh, I'm subscribed to you And I've watched you so many times Oh, this is it You know Oh my god, no way Can I take a picture? Oh my god, I watched your YouTube videos I love you, oh my god Ooh You look like this You look like you're just working this person Wait, hold on, I didn't Oh my gosh Wait, oh my god Wait, are you actually studying me? You look like a YouTuber Yeah, it's like, no, it's just like the cat ears that make you look like a YouTuber I like the white walls The july YouTubers have like white walls Like, I'll be light, that's what I'm saying I am a YouTuber Yeah Yeah, I can't I know I can tell Oh Oh my god, you know what? No offense, but you kind of look like a h** Hello What are you? What are you? What the f**k am I looking at? No, that's super cute, I like that And your room is like very, very cute Like, it's got a nice little theme going on What's up? Oh Tracker Tracker Hi Oh my gosh, wait, you're really pretty, you want in the world? Hi, I want in my beautiful world Me and my cousins are trying to find each other during this like hashtag, like the YouTube comment thing So, we're trying to get each other on here God Seriously Hey Don't come at me with that energy, we're gonna have an issue What are you doing? Nope Hello Hi How are you? I'm amazing, how are you? I'm great, where are you from? America, right you America, what state are you living? Yes Are you on the East Coast? No Oh god, then I have a no-close, California Yes Oh f**k, I'm good at guessing Found it I don't know, that didn't feel good Just do a stupid Australian accent British accent You look like Sarah Cameron No, no, she looks like the girl Oh my f**k, God, what's her name? You know who Sarah Cameron is? From Outer Bank She looks like a YouTuber Yeah, you look like a bunch of people Pretty people Hey, she's kinda cute I can't hear you if you talk about that Text it Text it Tell me, do you know who to f**k Nice cat, you know Callie, oh there's a dog Meow, meow, scratch, scratch, later Hi You have cat ears I'm not gonna ask Better not to Oh, wait are you famous? Wait, you're on YouTube Oh my god, hi Hi, what's up? Are you a YouTuber? You look like the YouTuber that I watch Oh, what the f**k No, wait What's your name? Sydney Wait, so you're not this girl? You're You're No, you're definitely this girl Wait Why does she look just like me? I think she's impersonating me Who the heck is that? I'm confused, so like are you like a YouTuber or something? Yeah When you are? Oh my god Hi, hi, wait what? I'm kinda like freaking out with it Nice to meet you Wow, okay, so I just got off Oh my god, let me say you guys Down somewhere I don't know what to say Honestly, it was not as bad as I expected I don't know why I put these on guys, by the way It was definitely fun But also weird at the same time Some of the people were actually so nice And funny, some people weren't But you know, it's just part of the process I'm not saying I recommend you guys do this Because you do have to be over 18 To go on the site And it's definitely, there's risks guys There's a risk If you want to follow me on my other socials I'll leave them linked down below Instagram, TikTok Maybe I'll link my Omega just kidding, you can't do that But love you guys, thanks for watching And I'll see you in my next video Bye guys