 Hey guys, it's said and welcome back to my channel. I need to stop. Hey guys, what's up? It's said. I haven't done an updated makeup routine in a while. I do my makeup very natural. If you also like to just keep things pretty natural on a day-to-day basis, then maybe you can like take some tips from this if you want. I'm also going to just talk with you guys because I have some funny things to share. Maybe you guys can get ready with me while you're watching this video. It's actually not the morning. It's 4.14 pm. You know what? It's been a rough day. So, here we are. We're starting the video a little late. I feel like usually when you do makeup tutorials, like you're getting ready for your day, but I'm getting ready for literally no reason. Like I'm not going anywhere after this. So, okay, so... I'm going to start out this video with the cat ears. I know. I feel like you guys are annoyed with these at this point. This lighting is now looking wack. I'm kind of reconsidering this. Like was this a bad idea? I'm starting out by putting on this lip rescue collagen, nursing lip mask. I got this on Amazon because my lips get so chapped and dry. My lips are chapped. It's like so annoying to me. It's really moisturizing and you compare this to a lot of other lip products. Also, I feel like I'm so tan right now. I'm almost just telling you that I'm like, too tan. She thinks I'm like, too tan. She's been like, hey, I thought I put this in this video. She's like, you look better fair. Like, I don't like that you fake tan. I'm like, my mom, I just don't like being pale. However, this is going to come off later in the video. This is just temporarily to moisturize my lips. I have developed a process to my routines. So stick with me. First things first, I'm going to be using my Glossier daily sunscreen. If you want to my Glossier first impressions video, you would have seen me trends for the first time. And I've used it literally every day since that video. I actually just got this face primer from two face that I want to try out. This is the major hangover replenishing face primer. I'm just going to put this on over top of the sunscreen. It'll soften. This feels really good on the skin. Why did I just sound like I swear to sound like Courtney Kardashian when I just said that? Did anyone else hear that? Maybe it's because I just filmed a TikTok where I was replicating Courtney Kardashians scene in the Kardashians. Okay, that's my alter ego now. Courtney Kardashian. So that's been established. I really like this primer actually. It smells so good. I feel like it just blurs my pores. Every other product in this video I've used before. I just wanted to try that out. I'm going to throw on some concealer under my eyes right now. And your eyes are really dark, bro. But guys, I wanted to tell you. Basically, I embarrassed myself yet again. I went to coffee mean about a week ago and I got this exact drink. So they called out my name. I went to get my drink and I'm like so excited to try it. I don't know. To be honest, I really don't know what happened. I was walking over to the little counter and I take a sip from my straw and like I think I was just so excited that I drank it too fast. So you know, like when you drink something and it goes down the wrong tube, well that happened. I don't know guys. I think it hit a reflex or something. It was such a reaction for me that I coughed it all up all over the table. By the way, brief interruption. I'm going to now use the Tarte Shape Tape Concealer for like the little redness and pimples that I have on my face. Basically, I was crying because I couldn't control it. I don't know. I wasn't actually crying but like tears were coming down from my eyes because of the reaction and I couldn't stop coughing and then all of my drink was all spit everywhere. It's so gross. And then the guy next to me was like, are you okay? It sounds so dramatic but to be honest, it was. I just got a little too excited and I learned my lesson. I now drink slower. I'm going to be using the Glossier Skin Perfecting Tint. This is such a good product. Again, if you saw my Glossier first impressions video, you have seen me try this in that video. I just use my fingers and it's so easy. I just feel like you can't really mess it up. Too much on my plate, caught up on my face, what we do with fake? I totally recommend that guys. You should try it. It's so amazing if you want something that's really like coverage and you don't have a ton of stuff to cover. Next up for powder. I found this Iqosmetics by By Pores Setting Powder and this stuff is really, really nice. I put on way too much. I really like this powder because it's not cakey or anything so over top of the Glossier Skin Tint that I just used, it's just like a really good combo with it. This is kind of hard to do without a mirror so hopefully this looks good. I just got a brand new Too Faced Chocolate Slay Bronzer because the other one I have is pretty used up. It smells just like chocolate. I want to eat it. I wonder if anyone's actually trying it. Definitely don't do that. Yeah, I'm just going to contour a little bit with this. I will have to agree with my mom. I feel like I look a little too tan. But oh well. Next up I'm going to put on some blush. Sometimes I use my Glossier Cloud Pain. Actually that's what I use a lot of the time. But for today I'm going to use my Mac Cosmetics blush. You wouldn't know that's what the brand is because the cover is missing and the back looks like this. I am obsessed with this highlight palette from Stellar Cosmetics. They said this to me a while back and I've been using it for a few months now. I use this shade at the end. It's a lot so you have to be careful. So I'm just applying this to my nose bridge. Then I'm going to put some under my brow bone, cheekbones. This is the Icausmetics brow pencil. And I like to do my hair in this video that's disgusting and unprofessional. I like to use a brow pencil prior to using this brow gel that I like to use just to kind of help shape them. I just go along my natural brow line. I want to use my Glossier Boy Brow. This is a brow gel. I like it but you have to use a very light hand. I've realized. Well, there we go. Didn't mess it up that time. I like to do my eyelashes before I do eyeshadow. If I put on my eyeshadow first and then I do my mascara, sometimes the mascara will transfer to my eyelid and mess up my eyeshadow and then I've taken all off anyways. I like to use an eyelash primer because it really helps the mascara to stay on my eyelashes. Here we go. I'm using my Tarte Eyelash Primer. In terms of mascara, it just depends on the day. I think today I'm going to do the Glossier Lash Stick. Ow. This is poke myself in the eye. Now it's going to look like I'm crying. I like to just use a Q-tip and then some of this Garnier My Cellar Water to remove any excess mascara. I usually do this over a sink but... For eyeshadow, I have used this one shade for probably like four years. This is just my favorite shade ever guys. As you can see, I've talked about this before too. My favorite shade is this one. It just warms things up a little bit and adds some color but it's so natural that sometimes people ask like, do you have eyeshadow on or is that just your natural eye color? Which is what I love about it because it looks so natural. I also do like to go in with a little bit of light and sparkly eyeshadow. I have my Urban Decay Naked 2 palette that I've had for way too long but I use that on my inner corner. I just like to drag it out a little bit so it looks natural. My favorite part I feel like makeup is lip products. At least recently that's what it's been. I recently started using this product from Too Faced. It's called the Lip Injection Lip Gloss. Someone recommended this to me. It basically just pumps your lips a little bit and it also gives them some color and I tried it out and I really, really love it. I got this shade Bubble Gun Yum. You do have to make sure you don't have any products on your lips because otherwise it doesn't work and it doesn't absorb into your lips if there's something covering it. That's why I put on this little lip conditioner at the beginning of my makeup routine. That way by this time I'm a makeup routine. It's all soaked in and there's nothing on my lips. It does burn, I will say. That really bothers some people but for me I don't really care. Last up I like to finish things off with my Urban Decay All Nighter Setting Spray and this bottle is so be enough. All of my products are so be to not because I use them so much. I guess I better take off my cat ears. Time is up. There you have it. There is my everyday makeup routine. This is my go-to makeup if I want something very natural, nothing too crazy. Hopefully you had a fun time because I feel like videos where I just talk with you guys are my favorite types of videos because I don't know. I just felt they're so genuine and real. But yeah I love you guys. I'm going to go nowhere and I'm going to edit this video. So I'm not even going out with this but that's okay. But I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.