 Hey guys, what's up? It's Sid and welcome back to my channel. I am so excited for today's video because I don't know if many of you know this but I have really gotten into my skincare at the past couple years. I just love taking care of my skin, I love finding new tips and tricks or products. So yeah, I thought I'd share them with you guys. Skincare to me is such a therapeutic part of my day as well. Just because it's like my time for myself. I'm gonna start my skincare routine by firstly taking off any excess makeup that I have on because I think I have a little bit left to do. To take off my makeup, I'm using some MyCellar water. This is a Garnier MyCellar water. I've used this for a while now. Even when I come home from like a party or something and it's 3 a.m. I will commit to doing this. It's strict. Like I really don't miss a day because I'm dedicated like that. Okay, makeup is off but it's not really off and that's the thing. For face wash, I'm using my Summer Fridays Super Emino Gel Cleanser. I also had to put all of these towels on the floor because it was echoing so much in here. Also my makeshift tripod is actually really ratchet. Oh my god, that just went straight shot up in here. I also made sure to wash my face for a good 60 seconds which kind of feels excessive sometimes. Okay, now that I've moved you guys, it was just the lighting sucked. Sorry. I would say two or three nights of the week. I would like to do a face mask five time. This is the Summer Fridays Face Mask. What's interesting about this one is you can't even hardly see it. But it actually works wonders on your skin. When I use this, all of my dead skin cells are just like removed for my skin and I have this like fresh layer. So I find this to be really ideal for exfoliating. Okay, the mask is on. Like I said, you can hardly see it except for like little granules. I'm going to chill for 10 minutes and then I'll be back. Good, you guys on the clip side. I next go in with my Rosewater toner. This is from Floor and B. I feel like this toner just kind of calls my skin down before I put all the products on it. Next up, I'm going to go ahead and use my vitamin C serum. I started using this because I read that it can help prevent your skin from aging. Not prevent it but slow the process, I guess. We're really taking preventative measures out here starting early and starting young. So I just do a couple drops of this. My under eye circles definitely have been one of my biggest insecurities. And I'm always trying new eye creams and such. So I'm using this one also from Floor and B. They say to use your ring fingers because it's the most delicate gentle finger. I feel like people forget to drag excess onto the upper part of their eyelid. So this next part of my skincare routine, you know, it's a little controversial. The Guashaw. Does it work or is it just a gimmick? I actually don't have an answer to that question. I use it because I feel like it works but does it actually really work? I don't know. But I'm actually doing this thing for the next 30 days where I use my Guashaw once every single night. And see if I have like an improvement. So I'll have to update you guys on that. Of course when you use a Guashaw it's really important to use an oil or moisturizer. So it glides easy and it doesn't hurt your skin. So I'm using my all-time favorite base oil. This is a summer Fridays. Heavenly all-in-one oil. But what I also like to do is I'll use a bit of this oil. And then on the nights that I want to tan my face. I'll mix this with my tanologist face drops. It's really hard to do when I already put the oil in my hand. I shouldn't have done that. This stuff is pretty strong so I use it very sparingly. And mixing this together not only gives me a boost of hydration but also gives me a little bit of a tan. Something that I feel like we forget a lot is our neck skin. So I like to just drag the excess down to my neck and like declateria. Just because that skin is also really important to take care of. And if I have extra product I might as well. I'm going to go in with my Guashaw. The star of the show. Is it them? Like I don't know. So the Guashaw I have is from summer Fridays. What I like to do. This might be wrong. This might be so so wrong. I saw videos and this is seemingly like what they all did. Was they'll just go up from around like the end of your lip to your ear. And slow straight motions. And just kind of carve out like the cheekbone and lift the skin. I do it for about a minute on each side of my face. To finish off my Guashaw I like to go into my jawline. And I'll take it like this and just do similar movements. And I just try to keep it at a 90 degree angle. And that pretty much concludes my skincare routine. Actually wait, don't go yet. I'm not quite done. I don't actually have to use these tonight which is amazing because I usually do. I have my mighty patches here. They help my pimples so much. I'm sure a lot of you have heard of them. But I'll literally just take one, stick it on my pimple, and then in the morning. A lot of the times it's resolved. They're at least like a lot better. I also think lip skincare is important. And I also just can't stand having chopped lips. So I'm taking some of my Vaseline. And that is basically my skincare routine you guys. If you guys have any tips yourself, please let me know in the comments. I always love to come and just like improve my routine. I love you so so much and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys!