 Hey guys, it's Sid and welcome back. It's a door here. Right. What, what, what, what kind of... I'm not gonna say it. You guys know what they say. New year. New me. I do have a little bone to pick guys with new year's resolutions. I've just always found them so corny. Like why, why do you have to wait for the new year to come to start working on yourself and your goals? But I will always take advantage any time that I can rebrand my life. I get in these like cycles where I'm like, I'm gonna reinvent myself and I... It's like I'm the same person. But it's still fun. I don't even care. Like I'm kind of a sucker for it. It's like a love-hate relationship. So that's what I'm gonna be doing today. I'm gonna be taking advantage of the fact that it's gonna be the new year. And I'm gonna be just doing a lot of things for myself. Like I said, I do this like every two months, which probably is like a red flag. Like I feel like that's like a little too frequent. I just romanticize it too much to be honest. So yeah, we're gonna do that today. Decluttering my life, my mind, setting goals, and just getting ready for 2024. I can't even leave 2024. Wow. Anyways. Okay, so first things first. I'm gonna go get a pedicure. And you might be wondering like why does this like apply to like the new year? It really doesn't. But if you really think about it, new year, new me, new nails. So that's what we're doing. We're gonna go get a pedicure. I actually like desperately need a pedicure. Because not like a gross way, like one of my big toe has no polish left on it. It looks weird. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I got this red polish if you can see. I have to drive with these flip flops on because they're not like totally dry. But I have to run a couple errands. I want to go to Ulta and get a few kind of like self care things that I've actually been wanting. Then I think I'm gonna go to Michael's and get some stuff from little DIY journal that I want to make. I don't have a pimple right here. It like hurts so bad. Coming to Ulta is honestly getting even better than just going to Target now. I've read that people here don't see bloggers. I'm just like looking at me. I love filming in public. I just bought an ice roller in New York and I kind of love it. I feel like it is a gimmick. But I still like doing it in the mornings. It's like, do I buy one here? I feel like I just need two of everything. Even though I really don't. Like this looks perfect. It just feels so nice in the morning. Here me out. A lavender oil diffuser. With lights. It seems like kind of calming. I feel like I need that in my life. This is like very random purchase. But I think I'm gonna do it like why not. I'm at Michael's. Starting a new journal, I just feel so only right for the new year. I honestly don't journal that much, which is kind of sad. But I feel like a way to like encourage myself to journal or just like write down goals and stuff. Would be to have a cute one. I've been seeing them Pinterest. So many people making kind of like DIY covers. Kind of like this. And they make it so pretty. I kind of want to just keep it simple. I don't want it to be too gaudy and busy. I kind of want to put bows on this. Like I think little pink bows are so sweet. But people are just putting on everything and it's just too much. But I do think this would be cute. See this is just like a basic satin. I don't know guys. I don't know if I like it. I ended up writing down a few things that I wanted to kind of do for this video. There's a few things that I like to do to kind of like reset myself. And to be honest, I don't only do this in the new year. Like I said earlier, I kind of like go through these phases where I'm just like, I'm bored. I want to start over. And I want to fresh start. The first thing on my list is I'm going to claim my room and I'm also going to organize it. The more cluttered my space is, the more cluttered my mind is. I swear it like correlates. This is what my room looks like right now. This is just my room and my parents house that I stay in when I come here to visit. So it's kind of weird. And I also just like haven't gone through stuff here in a while. I'm going to clean first and then I'm going to go into the organizing because I feel like that's the only correct order to do this. I don't really want to talk about this, but I just like, I feel like I have to do a disclaimer. That orange spot on my rug. It was unfortunately from when I spilled my self-tanner and it won't come out. So I should honestly buy a new rug. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. I'm going to use this one. Okay guys, so I finished my room. This is what it looks like. I'd say the main difference is that I deep clean my desk. And especially this drawer was just such a disaster as you guys probably saw. I do think though I want to add one of those like rubber mats just so things don't slide around in here. I'd like to say in general I'm a pretty organized person. The one area I'm lacking is organization on my phone. And I only recently discovered that you can get this app called Widget Something and kind of make your phone more user friendly. I'm just going to like do this with you guys quickly and like see how it works. I really don't know what I'm doing. Like I'm probably the last person that should be showing you guys this. So right now this is what my home screen looks like. Kind of a disaster. But nevertheless let's go to the app store. What's it called? I think it's called like Widget Smith maybe? Anyway, I just feel like I need like a tutorial or something. Oh, add Widgets to your home screen. Ooh, there's so many fun ones. Okay guys, so I ended up finishing my phone. I mainly only adjusted my front page. And it's not anything crazy, but I used like this widget app and I got the time up here which I think is really nice. I also have like a Tzueless everyday on my notes app. So I was able to put that here. And yeah, the rest of it's like kind of boring, but I didn't want to make it too aesthetic because it's just really not functional for me. A lot of you guys know. I'm kind of a sucker for making vision boards. And at the time I'm like kind of not motivated and I just want to be inspired. I like to do this. I made a purchase yesterday on Amazon for $300. This morning I woke up and I like thought someone hacked my Amazon because I was like, who bought something? For $300 on Amazon, I would never do that. And then I remembered it was me. In the past, I've told you guys I like to do my vision boards like physically. But this year I kind of wanted to switch it up. Okay, the HEPA Vision Board template. So my method for these is there's no method. It's actually just methodless. I just throw photos in that I like that speak to me from Pinterest. This is where I find my photos. What's fun about these? It doesn't need to make sense to anyone else, but you. It's your year. That's so true. It is my year. I have to put the vlogging camera. Pinterest is like the only besides YouTube non-toxic social media. I don't know. I never feel bad after going on Pinterest. Hey guys, this is where I finished my vision board. Canva actually worked like super well for this. I put like piano. I want to start going to need Pilates more. Friends. I feel like it speaks for itself. I figured it was time that I write out my goals for the year. I think that they have like statistics. If you don't write something out on paper, it's a lot less likely to happen. We still have to make the notebook. I kind of forgot about that. I bought the stuff at Michaels and I want to try to make it cute. I got this diffuser earlier from Ulta. You basically put like different oils in it. I want to try to plug this in and then have it going while I work on my journal. Hey guys, so I'm back in New York. First things first. I got a new lens. Do you guys like it? Can you tell? I actually really like it. I think it's definitely different because it's such a wide angle. But I finished my journal. I wanted to kind of show you guys and tell you guys that I'm going to do a video. I'm going to do a video. I'm going to do a video. I'm going to do a video. I'm going to do a video. I'm going to do a video. I wanted to kind of show you guys and tell you guys how I organize my goals and stuff. I do like how it turned out. I think it's really sweet. Simple. I love the little bows on it. Every year I like to separate my goals into personal and work goals. I think sometimes we can neglect one or the other. It's important for me to have both and to separate them. I also kind of reflected on what goals I accomplished last year and then which ones I didn't. I won't get into everything, but it felt like you're curious. My top three personal goals are I want to work out three times a week. I also want to have a solidified morning routine. I want to wake up at 8 a.m. every single day. And I also want to make sure I see my family at least every two months. And that's something I actually did accomplish last year. I was really good about seeing them. I think it's really important though to kind of like look back and reflect on your year. What you wish you would have done. Not like in a regretful way because that's not helpful. But just like being aware of what areas you would like to improve. And you kind of have to be honest with yourself. I actually pulled up my goals list from last year. And I compared it to where I am now. Like half of them I'm pretty happy with. The other half not so much. But yeah, that's kind of the gist of it. Let me know if you guys have any videos you want to see in the near. But I love you guys. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys. Bye.