 Hey guys, it's said or should I say Ariana Grande Oh, she just went there Hey guys, it's said I thought it'd be fun to do something a little different I'm going to be dressing up and trying to look as much as possible like Ariana Grande Oh my god, you need help This is when you know you're out of content ideas I think rock bottom So yeah, you heard it right here folks I am turning into Ariana Grande today The thing is I do not look like her So I'm going to put a little ponytail in, not little, it's long as frick, that's the point And I'm going to do some things I'm going to say some of her lines that she says in her songs and just kind of play off of her as if I am her and see how people react I got to turn into Ariana first, so give me a second Music What do I look like? Batman Hi Look, I've just been in the studio today Oh, cool, you were used to here? Yeah, I have a few songs out Thank you next I'm going to pick up with your brother and I'm bored Oh, oh yeah Yeah, no, you're meant to be It's a little complicated, I'm a dangerous woman, he can't mess with me Yeah, I just said thank you next You're welcome Have a great night Sam, thanks for being a fan Of course Yeah Wait, hold on, take off your ears I can't, they're part of the brand They're part of the world I am a singer I don't know if you've heard some of my songs Thank you next What's so funny? You are not Ariana Grande, I'm sorry, it's not That's weird, I am, but no I can prove it to you I thought I ended up with Sean But it wasn't a match He scared me Who? He followed me Yeah, maybe if you look at me first and I can follow you back There's my insta handle We give someone a little bit I cannot hear you If you give someone a little bit of me Oh, and then they think I'm Ariana Yeah, I'll just be honest, I'm not holding that Ariana Grande How about some seven rings? Yes, anything for you, Squid You're so cute Breakfast at Tiffany's and bottles of bubbles Girls with tattoos who like getting in trouble Can you play break up with your girlfriend and board? It's one of my singers Can you ride? I'm sorry Oh, I should, it's my own song That's awkward You look like Ariana Grande Although I keep going, that was all right I'm just going to have to eat with that I'm having a grandad with you Yeah Oh my god, you're having a grandad I'm having a grandad with you Yeah Oh my god, you're having a grandad Yeah Oh my god, I'm in love Do you want me to give you my autograph? Yes, please I think my hat is good Can you actually sing a few? Yeah Breakfast at Tiffany's and bottles of bubbles Girls with tattoos who like getting in trouble That's all I've got Tell Tiffany That's all I've got Are you going to play? Yeah What the f*** You're not Ariana Grande but she looks like her I am her and I'll prove it That's good Pink and old tears like to cry So I'm picking it up I can do better with that I'm not sure Do you want to do it? Are you Elmo? Maybe Ariana and Elmo can do a collab I'm matching No Ariana Grande How's getting next time? You're doing better You're so pretty Thank you I am Ariana How you are? Oh my god Ariana Grande do the laugh That was so bad How do you do her laugh? We're in Sam and Kat right now Oh my god So we... She's a heatmer We are you a heatmer? Oh my god Oh my god That's my friend Billy Billy I miss you We should collab That's creepy I'm sorry You're so... But you did this for what? Oh my god I'm weak Hi You scared me You're about 40k and think minimum Well I have some like popular sounds on TikTok Like how famous are you? My Instagram is like what? 160 mil 160 mil? That's not even possible It is What's your Instagram? I'll type it in That's not you Proof it Some days Oh I mean you both sound terrible Before I finish filming the video I just wanted to quickly tell you guys about honey Honey is something that I've actually been using for a while so when they asked to work with me I'm super super excited Basically honey is an extension to your web browser that you can install And it's super easy to install It's also free I do a lot of online shopping personally Especially during quarantine So how it works is when you're on a website and you're about to check out A little box will drop down And it will generate all the possible coupon codes for that site And then it will apply the Coupon codes Honey has saved me so much money on a lot of websites in the past Like Sephora, Paxon, Forever 21 It's just so nice because you don't have to search for the coupon codes They just automatically are input Right as you're about to check out which I love because it saves me like so much time trying to find them Most recently I was ordering stuff from Forever 21 and I saved $10.35 It's really cool because honey actually does support over 30,000 stores online You can get honey for free at joinhoney.com slash Sydney Again that's joinhoney.com slash Sydney Yeah I really recommend it. It will only save you money and it will only benefit you So if you want to check it out make sure to use my link. Let's get back to the video Oh my god you look her too Harry on a runway? Yo no No she's like crushed. Harry on you know she's pretty good. She's perfect. That's you I am vegan It's clear I feel like that. Sorry it's my old character cat coming out to play What are you doing? Just finished from game back from the studio Oh are you like easy? Yeah you want to hear it? Sure Thank you. Next. Thank you. Next. I'm so I'm so happy I see you. Why not have a good night over yet? Check it out You looking nothing like Ariana Grande. You're disgusting. You know that's not Ariana Grande. Yo it's up I'm not comfortable right now. I'm not gonna lie to you. Why? Cause I don't usually see tens on here bro. I'm trying to finesse Is this some Ariana Grande? What the fuck are you doing? Yeah my name is Ariana Grande. What are you fucking there here in the camera? You look mad. Don't Oh. What is your face no bro Nick? Do you lift weights with your jaw? Are you talking about me? Yeah I'm talking about you. I sing a lot. I have some hits out. Yes I'm hit. What are they called? Thank you next. That was a bad joke. You look like Ariana Grande. You look wonderful. Thank you. What's up? What the fuck? Hello. You're Ariana Grande. Yo what the fuck? I'm an amazing. I was sad earlier but I don't got no cheers off to cry. How are you? How am I? My growth on bro coming like two weeks ago. I just tell all my friends that Oh I'm sorry. You know what? Sometimes you just gotta say thank you next. I'm so grateful for my ex. You're doing a spin in fact. What the fuck? Yeah. I was nice to meet you. No black water with me. Not what I was going for but that's... What are you laughing at? What the fuck man? I said stop laughing. Oh my god, I got that. If I wanted you to come back home. If I wanted you to come back home. Well I'm just trying to get over my ex. His name is Pete. So I'm not really in that on the market. For Pete's sake. For Pete's sake, Pete Davidson. Break up with your girlfriend. Yeah, yeah, cause I'm broke. You look famous. Are you going to mad? What's the point of it? Let me know. Oh my god, I'm telling you. No, you're a siniser. Who? I've been there all night. I've been there all day. And I'm here. I can side to side. Yeah. I'm like right. Oh no, don't ever do that ever again. Okay, that was funny. I will never do that again. So I forgot to do an outro again. I'm sorry guys. I really just screwed up. This was honestly so fun to make. And Omeh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Um, guys, I'm sorry. Everything works out with her make. Omega videos are just my favourite. If you guys have any more Omega videos, just follow me on Instagram.