 I'm already tired I'm even starting this video. I'm pulling an all-nighter Just getting straight to it if you know me at all you would know that I don't usually pull on lighters I actually did a vlog of an all-nighter like seven months ago. I just thought it was time to pull another all-nighter because I really don't know I don't know all-nighters while they are definitely challenging It tests your physical mental emotional strength. They're actually like fun to do I don't know why I find so much excitement and pulling an all-nighter. I don't know what's gonna happen I really don't have a plan people are gonna be like why are you doing this? There's no purpose, but it's called living life on the edge try it sometimes. Oh my gosh I'm just kidding. I was so sad. I feel so mean. That was a joke. This video was starting out by me going to Chick-fil-A with my friend Alexa This is my outfit of the night in case you want to see my all-nighter outfit. Oh also this is in gum. This is camera putty Anyways, this is my outfit of the night. I'm wearing this hoodie Leggings and that's it. So I don't know what the point of this was honestly. I'm kind of nervous just because I'm already tired So you know this is a challenge We're not Chick-fil-A by the way while this lighting. Oh So it's not in plan you on nighter. Did you know that? Yeah, well you kind of told me. Yeah, so it's an all-nighter tonight. Yeah, just for fun Yeah, oh Meeting at 9.30 a.m. Wait, really? Yeah, I like Sky be like Oh my god wait, there's a chick's late tick tock thing where you if you say my pleasure What do I say you gotta say my pleasure before they say it and you get something free and okay So say my pleasure ice cream come My pleasure to ice cream go. Don't say after my pleasure Sinny, yeah, we're gonna get started for you guys My pleasure to ice cream come to stop here. So the same Oh Hi Thank you Did you pay for it? Did you pay for it? Oh my gosh, we got it for free! What? What? What? What? What? What? What? We really can't think. Bro, it says free. It does? One promo free. It says free. We got our ice cream for free. Thank you. Oh my gosh. I can't believe it. That was so cool. We were so close. We were just like, we were surprised. You got the all in your room. Guys, we did not expect that. We were like cringing. That was so cringy. And he was probably like, what? Have you ever been conning? No, I don't want to. I have ones. Really? Yes, well. It was baddie. Baddie. I just went to the death here and I went, onto your face? Yeah. OK. Pray. It was like, me and my flexibility be like. I feel like really uncomfortable with everyone watching us. Chick-fil-A ice cream just hits different. Mm-hmm. So, what is this angle? It is now 155. I was doing like well for a minute with the ice cream, but that wore off. I'm like, oh, sorry. I'm like, what am I even saying? Oh, my gosh. My name is gonna hate me. I have this idea. Hear me out. I thought it would be fun to decorate for Christmas. I know this may receive some backlash. Some people think you can't decorate for Christmas in November, but I petitioned against that. All I'm trying to say is I think it would be fun to decorate for Christmas right now and get in the Halloween spirit. Did I just say Halloween? Oh my gosh, I'm literally going crazy. OK, what is wrong with my washer? This is concerning. Anyways, I did go to Target and I did get a couple decor items. When I was at Target, I got this super cute Christmas pillow. And I also got these fuzzy Christmas socks. How cute are these? They were in the dollar section, so you know I had to do it. You know, first things first, let me put these on because you can't decorate for Christmas if you're not in the Christmas spirit. I'm putting in the Christmas spirit check. Now time to decorate. But first, I need to get out all of my decor from last year. I'm using this as my dry blood. This is a low budget production. Comment below if you know where this is from. Oh my gosh, this is so pretty. One tree down, one to go. Oh, also I really need to take these down. Till next year. OK, so now that the two Christmas trees are up, I have these super cute snowflakes that I got on Etsy last year and they light up and they're so cute. So I'm going to hang those on my headboard. I don't know why I'm making this look as tutorial. OK, so I finished putting up all of the decor. I'm also going to add my star pillow that I got from Target. Looks so cute that I thoroughly enjoyed that. It actually took kind of longer than I anticipated. It is now 3.26 am. I actually just preheated the oven a few minutes ago because I thought it would be a fun idea to help get in the Christmas spirit. I'm making Christmas cookies for some reason. Bro, you know, it's like kind of sad. I'm making these cookies and there's 12 of them and I live by myself. I mean, you know, I could go give them to my neighbors, but I don't really know my neighbors that well. I mean, like sometimes I'll talk to them in my elevator and like they're pretty cool actually. This needs to go. I don't know what to do. Like, do I just watch TikTok? On a real note, I just don't know how much longer I can take this. Also, I look so dumb right now. Wait, you know what? I still get a little girl from this pickle with me with like her little pony tail. You know what? TikTok honestly really inspires me. So maybe it's just time. Let me just put my TikTok skills to the test. Let's just take this as a TikTok audition. I just like it's time to channel my inner TikTok and I just really just really been on my mind. Guess this TikTok because I can't use sound for copyright and it's just a fun game that I just came up with right now. Hope you enjoy. Please don't be too hard on me. Okay, the cookies are done. That's over. So sorry. You had to experience that. Okay, they smell good. This like why am I... Okay, so these are the cookies. They look pretty good to me. This one's smaller because I ate part of it. I know there's just a weight like five minutes but I'm like kind of impatient. Oh my gosh. It's so good. I need to do this more often. Looking at this an alternative factor, it's kind of like sad. I'm like eating cookies by myself at 4 a.m. But I would say I'm having a great time. Okay, so. Cookie baking complete. Do I know what I'm going to do with the rest of these? No. You know what? I think I need to put on some pillow cream. I can see some coming and I need to prevent it. I feel like Netflix is just the best way to wind down before bed. Also, her scam angle of history. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I don't want to be.