 So this is a weird start to my video. Yeah, so I ran into a little tiff this evening. My class is supposed to start at 7 and I got here at 655 and I was like, that's weird. Why is it no one here? And then I realized as soon as it got closer and closer to 7, that something was seriously off. And that's when I realized, class was actually canceled. Unfortunately, I missed that email. I do this often, by the way. Our class is on Zoom though. So, we set my laptop. Here we are, on Zoom. But yeah, I'm alone. My original plan for this video was to fill myself pulling an all-nighter as I'm sure a lot of you are aware who are in school. Final season is here, whether we like it or not. I hate to admit this, but I kind of sort of am a procrastinator. Especially recently with like all of my finals and presentations coming up, I've just been putting everything off. And unfortunately, I have a lot of deadlines tonight and this week. So basically, I was like, since I'm pulling an all-nighter tonight anyways, why don't I just vlog it? Because it's less miserable that way. Basically, the plan is, as I've classed right now, from like 7 to 9-ish, I'm going to go over to my friend Mary's really quick for a little snack. Shark Hootery Board, because she invited me. And then, I'm going to go home and get to work. And I should probably get back to class right now on Zoom, because we all know this one is not in person. This is a sign that doesn't leak it and actually comes stronger. They only need to ward it, but they're not. They're not. They're not. They've never actually known when they're being watched. Okay, class is done. It was actually our last class of semester. Wow. Wait, I'm getting emotional. Okay, I'm over it. Being on campus at night is so weird. I say this all the time, but it's so weird. They get to kind of love it. Aloha, I'm starting the night with Mary. Cheers. We've been wanting to do like a shark. Well, no, you've been wanting to do a shark Hootery Board with me. So we're going to make one. Actually, Mary's going to make it mostly. And she's going to vlog it. I saw them TikTok this little hack to make a rose. And I'm going to do it because I'm really so cool. Hey. Oh, it kind of worked. It's gorgeous. What do you mean? Oh, pretty. It kind of worked. It's gorgeous. What do you mean? It's a romantic. Boy, this is so romantic. I'm going to do it. Success. Time to go study all night. Lizard. It's 10.21 pm right now, which really isn't that late. Like, honestly, the night is just getting started. I have a... See, I'm just going to do a little bit of the night. I'm going to do a little bit of the night. I'm going to do a little bit of the night. See, I'm distracted. A boy is distracting me. I have a really big project to do in less than two hours. It's due at 11.59 pm. So I have roughly an hour and a half to finish this. I already started it. So that's the good thing. But I have to film a presentation from my room and then submit it on canvas. Oh my god. I have no slides done. This is so bad. I'm going to add a couple more slides in. I'm going to film it. Oh, that's my timer. I'm making cookies. Again, my time management. What am I doing? Are these done? It's good enough. My presentation is coming along. I'm not sure if this is just my school or like the class I'm taking. But a lot of my presentations have been pre-recorded. I basically do this by making a Zoom meeting by myself. Like I'm the only one on this meeting. But this way I can share my screen. And then I can present my slides while I'm still in the shot. Bro, I'm not ready for this. Oh god. All right, I'm just going to. Okay, I've not practiced this one single time. But I have my script here. Hi everyone. My name is Sydney and today I'm going to be a discussion. Firstly, I am going to dissect this gender issue and specific for the less advancements in the workplace than men, which we're going to send. All right, progress. I've just submitted my presentation. It's 11.12 pm. And it looks pretty good. I also have for us something else to have midnight. So I have a discussion board, but I should be fine because it's not too hard. I have a good like 30 minutes to get this done. I don't know how I did it, but I submitted both the project and discussion board right before midnight. It's now 12.01. I feel relieved that I got that done just because that was so important that I did those things. Before I go any further, I really want to change. And I also want to take off my makeup. I feel very, I don't know, what's the word? Cresty, I hate that word. Okay, I'm feeling a lot better. I feel like I needed to do that to revive myself. I was flying asleep at my desk. I'm just going to be honest. Like I really, I really want McDonald's French fries. I also feel like I could use coffee right now, which I know is like horrible to think about. Like it's midnight. It's actually 12.30. Like I just should not be having caffeine at this hour. But also, if I want to make it decently far tonight, I'm going to need something. Fit of the night. Hello, what can I get for you? Hi. Could I have a fry please? And then you guys have iced lattes, right? Yeah, we do. Okay, I'll just do a vanilla regular. This parking lot gives me severe trauma. Because the last time I was here, I was just eating in the parking lot alone and it was really late at night. This guy ran up to my window and said some horrible things to me. I drove off and he like flipped me off and it was just a horrible experience. I think I'm just going to eat this in my driveway. I got my food, my fries, and my latte. It's kind of crazy because I've never even had a latte from McDonald's before. I don't know why. I just like never think to get that when I'm there. That's really good. It tastes like Dunkin' Donuts. I have a list of things that I need to work on in my phone, but kind of like writing things out like on piece of paper motivates me more. So my list consists of Fitshing my gender-com paper. I also have to write another paper for my academic credit. I also at least want to start studying for my race and ethnicity class final. Yeah, there's just the three things. I heard this hack on TikTok that if you play like the Mario Kart theme song when you study it, it kind of makes you study faster. I'm gonna try it. I'm gonna try it. We'll see. I just think I did something I can do it. It's too funny. So I ended up doing three of the four things that I was supposed to do. I just didn't get to this. Yeah, I worked on my essays, which I actually had already started one of them, so it wasn't like too bad. You guys know if you've been watching me that I'm the worst, worst person at pulling on lighters, and I actually made it. I made it to 426. And I was like, I'm gonna try it. I'm gonna try it. I'm gonna try it. I'm gonna try it. I'm gonna try it. I'm gonna try it. I'm gonna try it. I'm gonna try it. I feel as if my four friends going to93idenyex I had to check out, like I was expecting, stuffs around right. My own. I'll never knew. Which make things the mess first. 토? durable and do not