 So, hi guys, we all know why you're here. I'm nervous, but it has to be done. First of all, before I start the video, can I just say how excited I am? Because I just released my new collection of merch. This is the official hoodie for my Dream Chaser collection. I don't think I've worked on a project longer than I have with this, so I hope you guys like it too. I'm just so excited that it's finally launched. I do also have in the collection this yellow version of the hoodie, which I think is so cute. I also have some notebooks, which is super exciting. I also have a t-shirt in the collection, just like my hoodie. I also have some phone cases in the collection. I also have some scrunchies, which is so cool. I've always wanted to come out with my own scrunchies. I just wanted to quickly tell you guys about my merch launch. I hope you guys are as excited as I am for it. I'm all about working hard and going after what you want, whether that be like a sport or like a job you want to do in the future or a place that you want to live. You can do even more than what you think you're capable of. No matter what goal, big or small, you can accomplish it. Because never did I think in a million years that I would be sitting here in LA with one and a half million best friends. If you guys do want to check it out, I'll put a link down below. But let's just get to business. I actually had a YouTube channel before this channel, and it was called Designer Sidd. I had like a little sparkly profile picture that I found on Google. And I think I made the account when I was 12. I have some videos on there that are now private because I didn't want anyone to see them. I did actually do a little reaction video almost three years ago. I haven't watched the videos in forever. So I wanted to sit down and watch them and relive those embarrassing moments with the whole view because it'll be funny. So I have my laptop here. I like just don't even know what to say because no matter what I say at this point, it's just going to be bad. So the first video we're going to be watching is titled How to Make Cool It. Because I'm sure none of you know how since there's no instructions on the package and definitely not on Google. So we should figure this out. Let's just figure it out together. Hi, I'm Sydney and I'm Aston. And we are going to show you how to make cool it. I think I still have that sweatshirt because that's bad. That's kind of weird that I still have that. So first, you are going to take the package of cool it, rip it apart. Don't make a spill. Push it correctly. And which I almost did. Oh, what was it? Wait, why do I feel like I have the same laugh? They have reactions on here too. I love how I just acknowledge the fact that there are indeed directions that have to make it right on the packet. Okay, we're going to cut to like the main part of the video because I feel like this is just getting very redundant. And then you take... And my saying is... Staying in your tongue, not like permanently green. Not like permanently or anything. That would be crazy. So thank you for watching and for learning to make cool it. And I hope you try too. And see you next time. Bye. Those are such good memories. I know this is such a cringy video, but I'm genuinely so grateful to have that video to look back on. Let's go to the next video. This one was, I think, my first solo video on my channel. This video is titled Quick and Easy Hairstyles for Girls. Hi guys, it's Sydney here today to show you a few really, really easy hairstyles that I think are really simple. And also as you guys know, probably know that I'm new to YouTube and like I do like how to's and hair styles. The one video I have before this is the how to make it cool. I don't think that quite qualifies as a how to's in e-book. It's okay. I'll let you roll with it, sister. So this first one is basically just double twists. It's just twisting your hair. You're taking two chunks of just twisting. Can we just talk about my bedroom? I can only believe that my bedroom used to look like that. I kind of just jumped out of the shower, so my hair's a little wet, kind of dry. I'm just going to take a little water, just really barely anything. I don't think that did anything at all. Okay, can we just cut to the point? Let's cut to a good hair style. Here's what you're going to get. You're going to take your hair and I'll actually do it below the ears because this is more little messy block. You want to go for a messy look. And so you just have a little point here. Take your little clipy. I just got a little clipy. Take your little clipy. Oh, Sid, you live and you learn. And just let the rest of it fall back. It kind of like is like more like a sassy look. Sassy. I like that Sid, sassy. Sassy said started at age 12. All right, we're moving on to another how to video. This how to video is not going to be how to make cool like but how to make chocolate covered frozen bananas. So. Hi, I'm Sidney. I'm an action. And today we are going to show you how to make chocolate covered frozen bananas. That was so off. We did not say that in synchrony at all. Also, shout out to my mom for helping me film this. Thank you mom. Okay, so first you will need some chocolate. In our case, we like to use girly, golden, recipe almond bar. What is Ash been doing? All right, so if you're going to take some bananas or a banana slice, put it into the chocolate. You can tell how bored Ash is in this. I like totally forced him into this video. Let's just see the end product. Oh my god, so crazy. Thank you for watching. So nice. Please comment, rate and subscribe. Thank you so much for watching. Okay, we'll see you next time. Bye. Well, that was pretty cringey. I don't know if that was like the worst one yet, but again, I just really don't see the point in these how to videos. I feel like they're pretty self-explanatory, but you know, maybe it did help someone out. Let's see. Did it get any thumbs up? It got two likes. Actually, one of them was from myself. This next video is titled French Bread Pigtails. Hi, I'm Sydney, and today I'm going to show you French bread pigtails. For this hairstyle, you will need a brush or comb to elastic and water-fresired. I feel like I look so different now. Do I look like this? A guy is. I'm having a middle-of-life crisis. And you're going to do two French braids on the side. This is the outcome of winning the side. Can we just appreciate my nails? That is exactly how I would have expected my nails would have looked like in 2012. I really love this hairstyle. I think it's really cute. I like my hair shots. We very messy. Pretty messy. Why did I just sound like I was from Texas? I like my hair shots. We very messy. Pretty messy. Alright, I'm going to spare you all. There are some bloopers in this video. And those are honestly the best part of this whole video. Let's just skip to those. Thanks for watching. Bye. Bye. Why did I think that music was good? The size of the blooper title is so small. Also, bloopers. Why is bloopers spelled with a Z, Sydney? French. Cut. For this hairstyle, you will need a brush or a comb and an elastic. Two elastics for you. And optional one. Cut. Hi, I'm Sydney and today I'm going to be doing a little bit of a video. Oh. Cut. Hi, I'm Sydney and today I'm going to be doing a little bit of a video. Why do I have the same laugh? Honestly, Ashen, thank you for doing these things because this video needed some pizzazz and spice and that's exactly what you brought. This next video is titled Walking on Sunshine. Music video, a Sid kid production. Sid kid was just my producer name, I guess. I don't know if you guys also use video star, but that was like my go-to. I was obsessed with it. Basically, you can make like little music videos on there and I remember forcing my brother. I would force him to make these videos because I just thought they were fun and no one else would do that with me. I would play the music but I'll get copyrighted so I'll just put some similar music over this. All these effects that I'm using are just like giving me a headache. I think I put like every color and filter of the rainbow in this video. You can tell how over Ashen is. I remember this video took like three days. Okay, that's enough of that video. I do have one more video to show you guys. This is titled How I Arrange My Closet. Princessies room inspiration. Okay, starting off with a nice slide show. Let's get started. Open the curtains. Okay, so now that the curtains are open, you can see what my closet looks like from the inside. It's pretty colorful with all my clothing. Does anyone see that like big dice that I have? It's like this giant dice cube. Why do I have that? I love how like my closet itself is like clean but on top you can just see like the giant mess pile of things thrown in there because I just didn't want to deal with it. Over here, I'm just having a flashlight because you probably wouldn't be able to see it very well in the camera. You can't see anything Sydney. I'm trying to use like a flash light in my closet. This wasn't like the most highest producer video but I'll do it myself a B for effort. This is just a random gymnastics person. I don't even know. So that's that side. I mean, I would only need to use a flashlight anymore. And we're going to come across to the other side of my closet. Okay, so we don't need a flashlight for this, right? Just kidding. We would. But guess what? Babam. I have a light on the wall. Oh, guys, this is not just gorgeous loving it. We are flexed but okay. And so behind here, just do your average enlarged dice. Just for you. And under that, I have- What? Do I seriously not explain it? I just leave myself on a clip hanger? Just your average enlarged dice? I think that's going to be all for today's video. I had honestly a lot of fun doing this. I know I definitely teased myself and like roasted myself pretty hard. But it was honestly all just and fun. But yeah, I really hope you guys liked the video. Again, if you guys do want to check out my merch, I will have a link to this down below. I'm so excited how it came out. And honestly, this video, I feel like, is perfect because it just shows never in a million years. Did I think when I was filming those videos that nearly seven years later, I would be living in a way making YouTube videos as my job. I really did have a dream at a young age of what I wanted to do. And I'm so grateful every day that I am blessed enough to be able to do what I do. If you do, buy it. Make sure to tag me on Instagram so I can see you guys wearing it. But I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching. And I'll see you in my next video. Bye, guys.