 We're back baby. I don't know if you guys remember this or not. Maybe you blocked it out of your memory like I did because it was kind of traumatic. I decided to react to hate comments about six months ago and some of them are kind of brutal. I'm not going to lie. Spain without the S sort of vibe. I've recovered since but you know sometimes you gotta just laugh at the hate you know because if you don't make light of it what else can you do? So I'm back with my laptop. I tried to take the stickers off but they're kind of stuck. We're just going to forget about it. It was a phase. Okay no hate but she legit sucks at driving. Just telling the truth. As much as I'd like to defend myself and say that I'm a good driver I feel like that's what everyone would say. So I feel like I should base out my friends and see if they think I'm a good driver. Dead? But I have a quick question. What is it? Be honest. Am I a good driver? You want me to be really for real honest? Yes? No you're not. Okay this doesn't help my argument. Remember when you drove my jeep? Oh I forgot about that. Maybe I am a bad driver. But the thing is I am safe. I will say that. Do I always get inside the lines when I park? No. But do I always arrive at my destination safely? Yes I do. And that's what matters people. Wow we know hate but the start of this video was a flop and everything was just going downhill. No hate but you don't look good with hoodies on. Sorry. Not a madly when you start a comment saying no hate but you just know what's going to be bad. You know saying I don't look good with the hoodie on doesn't really make sense to me. And here's why. Hoodies don't really change how you look. You know all it is is a piece of clothing. So by her saying I don't look good with hoodies on. I think it's just her saying I just don't look good in general. So this next comment is on a video where I basically saw a guy that I thought was cute and I jokingly said I should have asked for his number. Why didn't I ask for his number? Oh my gosh there's a really cute boy. Should I ask for his number? Why didn't I ask for his number? It looks like Suranajan 55 had something to say about that. Sid it's weird when you randomly ask a boy walking for his number. You should know him first and be his friend without walking up to him and acting like a freak clown being like oh hey can I have your number. Sid you got a no manners. So shame you're in college. So there's a lot to unpack here. Honestly I just want to ask since when is asking someone for their number going to make you a freak clown. But secondly secondly I didn't ask for his number. I never did. I said I should have and I kind of joked about it because I never would do that because I'm just like not bold enough for that. But even if I didn't ask for it. Why does that make me have bad manners? And I'm actually just confused to be honest. You're weird but pretty. Am I supposed to be like aww? Am I supposed to be like oh thanks. I don't know if it's just me but it seemed like a totally different Sidney. Like um you know breaking rules acting um I don't know bad. Okay the video this was on was the video called Song You Need To Hear which is basically just a video me dancing and singing songs in my car. I don't really know what this person means by breaking rules maybe they're talking about the copyright. You know because in that video I did get copyrighted. Maybe I did go a little too far. I need to tone it back a little bit. I got a little too crazy and I mean it's amazing totally. No hate. I kind of like this version of her and her attitude seemed a bit different too. And yeah a little I don't care attitude in a free and wild teen. I mean I don't think getting demonetized on a YouTube video really screams free and wild teen. I think the weirdest thing about this comment is the fact that the person didn't write it once. Not even twice but three whole times. Maybe they just like really needed me to see this but I did see it so maybe that was the point of it. Terrible vid. You know what? I'm not even gonna say it. Moving on. I just had to put this in here because I just had to like bring attention to the fact that I'm getting a lot of comments saying that I'm weird. We like you cause you're weird. I mean thank you. Sort of. Hi loser. Love being called the loser and spelling it wrong. Sorry guys it's just like I have to say it. We have to recognize it spell wrong. I'm not trying to be mean but your hair is like so ugly and you could have done better with the eyebrows. I love you though. You can't like roast me like that and then say I love you though. With an exclamation point. I don't know if you really love me cause I wouldn't say that to someone that I love but what I like most about this comment is actually the reply to it. Kayla really defended me you know which I appreciate and she said you did not have to say that and her hair is not ugly and her eyebrows are fine. Thank you Kayla. You. You got to be more specific. Like what's you? Like isn't my shirt? Is it my background? My neck was. At least give me some more details so that way for next time. I can try and improve. Hey Sydney I saw that you tried to follow me on TikTok. Next time you add me I will end up blocking you. So back off. Who is this? Shay? Unless I have like an awful memory. I really don't remember following this girl on TikTok and also I just don't even know who she is. But there's more. I did not add you. You added me but back off and stop adding me. I'm not your friend. I'm the I can't even back off because I don't even know who you are. Leg it. Even if I did follow you hypothetically. Why would I have to back off? Like let's kind of aggressive. I feel like following someone is kind of a compliment you know. You're basically saying you like their content. I've realized with a lot of these comments that you know they're not fully hate. They're like kind of more backhanded and I think this is a perfect representation of that type of comment. What is this dingus single? To answer your question. Yeah I am single. But why do you have to say like that? Dude you could have said anything else but dingus. That's kind of offensive. I don't know. What does that even mean? I've never like googled it. Dengus definition. A person regarded as stupid. Was that really necessary? Last comment. Yikes. Hey simple and straight to the point. Honestly I respected. I think that was enough to hate comments for me to review today. And honestly it wasn't that. No it was a little bad. So then we're kind of bad. But I say it was worth it because you guys did it with me. So thank you. If you watched the video until now. I said this in my last video but thank you so much if you do leave nice comments for me because they mean so much and I honestly receive way more positive comments than I do negative ones. And it's kind of fun to just like poke fun at the ones that are negative because I know what that did today. They don't really matter. So thank you. If you've ever left me a positive comment. But I love you guys. Thank you for watching and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.