 Welcome back. Today is a special day. We are going to be doing something a bit... ...problematic. Uh, if you watch me or if you've ever watched me, I try to just shut out the haters. But you know what, it's time. It's time for me to address all of the hate. Uh, I'm being very dramatic. I honestly really don't get that much hate in comparison to how much positive comments I get, which is amazing, because you guys are the best. But also the hate I get is honestly kind of funny. Depending on what it is, some of it's really intense. Guys, also my stomach feels sick. Uh, I'm so weird on camera guys. Like, I'm just such an awkward person. I need a media training because this is not it. This girl needs help. And by this girl, I need me. Alright, here we go. Got the laptop. We're going to ignore that it has the visco stickers on it. That was just a phase. She tries so hard to be quirky. L-O-A-O. I'm like, so not quirky. Like, do I look like a basic quirky girl to you because I'm not. Sorry, I hated that. I kind of just proved my own point. Your point. Wow, this next one's really... This one is well thought out. There's a lot of thought put into this. Shut up. This next comment is relating to the LED lights I put on my walls in L.A. I never thought anyone would actually care that much. But Riley had something to say. Why would you not put LED lights at top of wall? Uh, that sentence wasn't structured well, but we're just going to keep going. So dumb. Really stresses me out, not going to lie. All I'm thinking about is the inch space between the top of the ceiling and the Epping Strip. God, I'm so pissed. If that's what stresses you out, honestly, goals, because then you probably don't have a lot of stressors in your life. Wait, she got a comment back, hold on. L-O-O, I know right. But it was her that replied to herself. Was she trying to act like someone else agreed with her to give her argument more weight? Either way, she's exposed. Moving on, if the word basic was a person. Honestly, it's true. Like, I won't even try to fight that one. I mean, look at me. I'm standing here with visco stickers on my laptop and a Starbucks drink. How much more basic does it get? Well, we know that embrace ourselves. You know what we got embraced who we are? Sarah Elizabeth says she's such a tryhard L-O-L. She's trying too much. Uh, the profile picture says it all. For me, there's some action under this. There's some replies. Let's read. Hillary says she's just having fun. Y'all always went and ruined the mood. Hillary's a really sticky nut for me and I appreciate that. Thank you, girl. Ooh, Sarah snaps back. Sis, you can tell she's trying to be cool. She's not having fun. She probably is. IDK. What? That made no sense. You cannot tell me that made sense. She's not having fun. She probably is. So which one is it? Sarah, make it make sense. You know what, Hillary? You're right. Sarah Chica's really just trying to kill the vibe. Why do I say like that? Y'all, after she got killed, what is this? Y'all, after she got killed, she decided to cut off the hands of kids and the murder is doing YouTube now. Joking. You can't just say that and then justify it by saying joking. Uh, like, how do you even come up with that? I'm concerned for you. The picture of the back are bothering me, but love you said. Your interior design skills are really awful, but love you said. Oh. Why is this in my recommendations? Uh, I couldn't tell you, but the emoji used looks like you're pissed off about it, and I'm sorry. For that, I'm sorry. Why do you look like a dwarf in your intro? I know I'm short, but I'm not that short. This next one is straight to the point, which honestly I respect. Your garbage. Maybe I am. You know what, guys? My content is trash. I'm quitting. Thanks for a good six years. No one cares. Well, honestly, I know this video is supposed to be funny and stuff, but I just have to take a second. Because this is something I've been thinking about recently. No one actually does care. You know, like, this chick has a point. We worry so much about what people think of us. We worry how we're going to impress people or if they're judging us, but at the end of the day, no one really cares. So, honestly, be yourself. Don't try to impress people. Wow, I really did not have to do that, but I just went off for no reason. Do any of these girls on YouTube have a personality? Grape soda. You can't come at me like that when that's your username. You realize that, right? That makes your whole argument invalid. Honestly, sometimes these comments hurt, though, I won't lie. Like that kind of puts a jager in my heart. Dagger. Dagger. Moves like jagged. I got the moose. No, not the time. Cringe. You're going to wish you didn't post this, LOL. I'm quirky and I don't know how to dance. I'm a put it on YouTube. Okay, that's where I draw the line. I may be quirky, but I do know how to dance. And I'm going to prove it right now. That'll put her in our place, for sure. You talk too much, LOL. That's funny. That's funny. The thing is, what do they want me to do? Like, do they want me to just not talk? This is what it would look like. Please stop. Alright, done. Quitting YouTube. After this video, I'm quitting. No, why? Why? What? The real question is, why the heck is your username Sam and Kat? You wouldn't never be able to be an e-girl. Yeah? You really want to go there? You're right. I wouldn't. I'm not cool enough. This next one really hurt my heart to see, because it's just so blunt. And, uh, yeah, like they didn't hesitate. You look ugly in this video. From the start to the end. Oh. Ouch. You know, they could have just said you look ugly in a video, but they really had to emphasize from the start to the end. There's not one point you didn't look ugly. Sometimes you're trying way too hard to be a visco girl. Oh, man. Again, with the grammatical errors, if you're going to roast someone at least be grammatically correct, the two, uh, I got to just move on. I'm going to get too pressed. I hate this. I can't take that seriously, either. The disc, disc. If you're going to say I hate this, just say this. Not disc. Please. You, what is this garbage? They really had to add emoji as if I didn't know what a garbage can look like. There's something wrong by the way she speaks. Maybe it's my prerkeiness. Maybe my prerkeiness is just too frickin' much these days. What is this comment? No, you are not a visco girl. Stupid. You are ugly as crap, ugly girl. Oh, I almost forgot my drink at that one. Maria. Girl. Oh, I am ugly as crap, ugly girl. Wow. Oh my gosh, this next one. What is this? I'm not subbing because what you said. And then they replied to their own comments saying, just saying. You said a lot of stuff that, that what? Are you going to finish your sentence? It's been three months and I should all see a conclusion to your sentence. Where is the logic? Sorry, but the shoes aren't the best. All right. You know what? Also isn't the best. I'm gonna keep that to myself. How are you of are you? You look 16. Uh, I think they meant to say how old are you? You look 16. Well, the thing is, I'm 20. So, cheap hate you idiot. What the frick does that mean? I'm so sorry, Sid. But you're not picky, but really, really picky. I hate how you say that you don't like any of that burger than what you like. Nothing, I'm not a hater. I love you, but that is what my opinion. All right, so I don't think this is a fun hater. They're just calling me out saying, hey, you're a picky eater. I just think it's funny how they ended it. I'm not a hater. I love you. But that's my opinion. I respect the honesty I would go. I do. I hate this. What's the video? Oh, that video. I hate it too. Holy. Come on, if you're going to have a hate comment, add some spice, add some flair, make it fine at least. I have a request. Delete your channel. You are so bad. How to delete YouTube channel. All right, there we go. Per your request, Andrew. Delete it. I think that's going to be all for today's video. I hope you liked it. I hope it was fun for you to watch me get demolished. Hate comments are pretty funny, like most of the time. But then now, saying that, I feel like everyone's just going to start roasting me. I really like reacting to stuff like this because I don't know. I just think it's kind of funny to put light on things like that because at the end of the day, who really cares? I just want to say, if you are someone who leaves like positive comments for me, thank you. Because I receive way more positive comments than I do negative comments, they make my day genuinely. Even if I don't have the chance to reply, I love you. And thank you for just being so supportive. But I love you guys. Thanks for watching. I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.