 Welcome back! Try the medium ice caramel latte. How are you? Good, how are you? Ofta. Ofta never said that before and probably won't be singing again. So yeah, basically I'm going to be exposing you guys today. I'm going to ask you guys to send me your deepest, darkest secrets. If you want to share, hopefully you follow me on my Instagram. So that way you'll be able to answer this when I post it. Obviously I'm not going to share your names because that would be wrong. But we're going to analyze them. We're going to hear some drama. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. I have a fake girl snapchat to see how my friends flirt with girls. That is actually so witty. I would be interested how you do that exactly. Do you like get an image of a girl off Google and then just send that to them? I secretly have a lot of anger towards my grandma and she thinks we are super close. Why did you use that emoji? It seems like very passive aggressive. I used to put my brother's ear wax to put in the peanut butter jar. I was going to say like what if she made that up but like I feel like that's just something you can't make up. Like that's like too specific. And for that, I'm concerned for not only you but also your brother. My BFF dated my bully. Is she really your BFF then? I would reevaluate that friendship. Me and my second cousin would kiss behind their house when we were like six. Oh, they're six. They probably didn't know better. I downloaded snap without my parents knowing and I still have it. It's been a year. That's a little key impressive. Honestly, that you've had it for that long and that they just don't know. Sometimes I act like I married to Harry Styles and live my life as his wife by own tree. I made a fake account and asked the guy that I thought has a crush on me if he does. I feel like that's something I would have done when I was in like sixth grade. Oh my gosh, you guys remember AskFm? I definitely did that. I definitely did that on AskFm. I've creased someone's Jordans on purpose. It's like such a sneakily like evil thing. I accidentally ran over our cat on the way home from school. Everyone's still things he ran away. Oh, wait, how did you dispose of it the cat? Because like if you said it ran away. We're back for some more. I blamed breaking a table out of teacher and she got kicked out but now everyone knows about it. Okay, there's a lot of questions here. First of all, how did you even break a table? Honestly, it's kind of impressive. But secondly, what did you say like the teacher jumped on it? I talked to my teddy bear every day as if it was my crush. Okay, that was mean. I didn't mean to laugh at that. I lied about having a boyfriend and brought my cousin to a middle school dance. But wait, it gets worse. And we had to kiss. Oh, not your cousin. Why is everyone in love with their cousins? That's like what I'm gathering from all of these. I don't like my boyfriend but I can't break up with him because he has done nothing wrong. Okay, I know this isn't an advice video, but if it were me, I would just be honest with him. Because otherwise you're just leading him on and that's never fun. Haven't took a bath for a week. Is your like shower broke or do you just like not? Like that's just not your thing. No judge run here. Omega was my addiction and I go on it pretty much every day. Same. I'm 12 and I know how to twerk. Wow, that is a flex. I'm 20 and I still don't know how to twerk. Elomeo, I was at a party with my best friends and we kind of invited boys. I have a boyfriend and my whole family don't know about it. How do you hide that? Like what excuses do you give? Like oh mom, sorry. I have to go to clean out my car at the car wash. It's messy again. But then like that's gonna get old. I stole my sister's money to buy pizza and she still doesn't know. Smiley face. Like this smiley face at the end just like makes it okay. I love pizza too but I wouldn't steal my sister's money for it. I also don't have a sister but I kiss my soccer assistant coach. Oh, how did that happen? I have the prettiest friend ever and I always felt jealous of her. I'm sure your friend is beautiful but so are you and your own unique way. My crush went out with my best friend. That is pain. Wait, wait what? I stole from my father $500 to buy a PS5. How do you even steal $500 without your dad noticing? I would like some answers. I hid some girl's phone in middle school and she never found it. Where did you hide it first of all? And second of all why? What did she do to make you hide her phone? I simp for my ex. I think the next question is does your ex also simp for you? Again, another one about people stealing money from their parents. When I was a kid I stole $200 from my parents and kept them and they still don't know anything. Like how do you just... I don't know, I'm not even gonna ask. When I was five my puppy was teething so I gave her my dad's $500 rechainer to chew on. Okay, but you were five. There's not much I can say about that. When I was seven I wrote a love letter to my crush and read it to him in front of the whole class. I love how bold that is. Like the fact that A, you even read the letter to your crush is very bold. And secondly, the fact that you read in front of your whole class, nothing but respect. This one's actually kind of inspiring to me. I became friends with someone I hated because I had no friends and now we are really good friends. That's actually sort of cool that someone you thought you didn't like. Once you got to know them, you actually became friends with them. I tried to poison my ex best friend after she called BTS Gay. She ended up in a hospital and didn't die. Sad. Um, my sister has a boyfriend about whom she thinks I do not know about, but I do. And he is a cheat. Oh my gosh, you should absolutely tell her. I know if I were your sister, I would want to know that. I'm so confused on life. It's okay, I think we all are. I was going to the bathroom and I caught a senior and a teacher making out. I would be forever scarred. But I saw that. It's not really deep, but I pretend to believe in the tooth fairy so I can get free money. That is so smart. Why did I do that? I cut half my hair off when I was younger and my mom to this day still doesn't know. How? Dude, this doesn't make sense to me. Unless you don't see your mom. How would she not notice that your hair was chopped off? I insult my teacher in a Zoom class, but my mic was at... Oh, I thought it said wasn't active. I insult my teacher in a Zoom class, but my mic was active. That is so awkward. That's why you always got to make sure your mic is off. Or just don't insult your teacher on Zoom. I want to know what your teacher did. Did they like saying that you're just like pretend they didn't hear it. Wait, what? I kissed my sister because I thought she was my girlfriend. How do you get your girlfriend into sister confused? They must look a lot alike, I guess. I used my brother's toothbrush to scrape dog poop off my shoe. I still have not told him. Well, you should tell him. Then you should buy him a new one. In kindergarten, the boys in the class lined up behind the building and I kissed them one at a time. Wow, that is some savage stuff right there. I saw my aunt kissing some other dude and she paid me $1,000 to keep quiet. Oh my gosh. See, I wouldn't want to tell my aunt spouse just to be honest. But also, you don't want to disrupt the family dynamic. I think what I realized from this video is that I'm not that interesting. These confessions were very intense and it makes... It makes it seem like my life is just so bland. But I really enjoy honestly reading these. So thank you if you're one of the people who sent in your confession. Obviously no judgment. This was kind of like a lighthearted silly video. But yeah, I hope you guys liked the video. Thank you for watching and I'll see you in my next one. Bye guys. I think it's the thing I hate the most in life is driving in the snow. Why am I so awkward? Oh, oh. Why is it so like it's burning? Oh my gosh, because they are burning. Yeah, I think it's all never be doing again. I'm singing. Why? Oh, yeah, just don't look at that. Don't look at that. It's messy.