 Hey guys, it's Sid. I wanted to quickly hop on here and say something. You know, I've always been so transparent with you guys since the beginning. I feel like it's only fair to just keep that same honesty. For those of you who don't know, I started my YouTube channel when I was 14 years old. I'm now 20. So I've been doing this for almost seven years now. And I really haven't taken a break before. I just think it's something that I really, really need for myself and for my mental health. It's something that I've been putting off for a while because you guys mean so much to me and without you guys, I wouldn't be where I am today. I'm fine. I don't want you guys to worry about me. I'm totally okay. But I definitely am not perfect. And there's some things that I'm trying to work on on myself. I just need time to do that off camera. Be creative for seven years every week. It can be extremely exhausting. I'm not quitting YouTube. That's not what I'm doing. I'm just taking a break. And in the normal world's breaks and vacations from work are so normal. People get weeks off for a holiday, for vacation. And I haven't had that. I am probably doing like a month break or so. It might be a little bit less if I want to come back earlier. But I'm really just going to listen to myself and my heart. Some people probably wouldn't even notice that I took a break if I didn't make this video. But I felt like it was only fair. Because I didn't want to just dip for a month and then come back. And then you guys be like, as a person who loves and uses social media all the time, I have recognized that there are a lot of unfortunately negative sides to it. And going on Instagram and TikTok for me has become pretty toxic as a daily part of my routine. I love the apps. I think it's great. It's just I'm the type of person that I compare myself to everyone. I hate that I do that. But it's just like the type of person I am. So I'm going to try to take a break from those two. Probably just post like whenever I genuinely want to post. And then delete it right after. I don't want to feel pressured to make content this month. I guess. I hope this video makes sense to you guys. And I hope that you guys understand where I'm coming from. I really do love you guys. Like so so much. And that's why I've put off taking this break for so long. Because I didn't want to disappoint you guys. I think this is also going to really help me creatively to just take this little break, come back even stronger. I hope you know how important your mental health is. And it should be a priority to you as well. I'm just trying to live in the present moment more. Have more fun. Chill out. Relax a bit. I love you guys. I'm super super excited for this break. But I'm even more excited to come back after. But to those that weren't even going to notice, honestly, ignore this video. No, I really do hope you take something from it. I just hope that you take from it that you should put your mental health first. And love yourself enough to do that. I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching. And I'll see you soon. Bye guys.