 Hey guys, it's Sid and welcome back. So I was on TikTok the other day. You know how you can get on like different slides of TikTok, funny TikTok, weird TikTok, makeup TikTok? Well, recently I have ended up on the makeup beauty skincare side of TikTok. And I keep seeing the same exact products recommended to me. I'm really influenced if I see something that looks cool. I don't have enough self control. And I'm trying to fix that. Basically, I just wanted to go to Ulta and try some of the products that I've been seeing. Will they live up to the hype? Is the question. And where about to find out? No one talked about my socks in San Francisco. I know it's bad. Okay, I have the list on my phone of the makeup that I want to try. First things first is the Benitint. Oh wait, do they even have it? Oh no. Oh no. Oh yeah, they do. They have it right here. I think I used this once years ago, but I don't really remember. I also didn't know that there's other colors, but I just want to go with the basic one. Me and my mom have actually been talking about this because she's also been seeing it on TikTok a lot. It's this brand called O-Y. I don't know if I'm saying it right? I'm sure a lot of you guys have heard of them and seen them. They have different hair treatments and hair products. They also have some body products too. They seem to be most known for their detox shampoo. And I think you will use it like once a week or so. I'm going to try the little travel size of it. Did I get anything else from them? Oh, their body cream I've heard is good. But I don't think they have any. But they've tested our, let me smell it. Ooh. I can't stop selling my hand. That smells so good. If they had it in stock, I would buy it immediately. The ordinary is a brand I've heard about so, so much. Specifically the niacinamide and hyaluronic acid together. It's supposed to be a really good combo. They're also relatively, actually they're very inexpensive. I didn't realize that until now, they're six and eight dollars. These are the two best sellers from them. So I'm going to try both of these. My friend let me try this black honey, clenique lip product like a year ago. And it was so pretty. And for some reason, I just like never bought it for myself. When I was on TikTok recently, I saw someone else raving about it. So I felt like, that's just a sign for me. It's so beautiful. So I have actually tried this. This isn't something that I haven't tried. It looks super, super dark, but just trust me once you put it on. It's so pretty. So I'll show you guys later. This next brand I think is like the most genius marketing ever. It's called Truly and I feel like this is probably the brand that I see the most. On TikTok specifically, their products look so cool. It's basically like body care. Look how cool this is. I want to like eat it. They have shaving creams. They have like body butters. Moving on to something much more affordable. I feel like it's making a really big comeback. I've heard so much about this. This is a power grip primer. I feel like because it's blue, like it's just so recognizable. It's only $10 and apparently it's just like an incredible primer for the price. So I'm definitely going to try that out. And to go with it, people have been using this. This is the $14 Hilo Glow Foundation. Wow, the packaging is actually nice. It's glass. I didn't expect this high quality. Muscarus, like the one product that I feel is often better when you get a drugstore than high-end. Like I really sometimes cannot tell the difference. So this one by essence is supposed to be really good. It's called the Lash Princess. Why can't I get this out? It's just so awkward. Shorter style, way, smig it, smig it in a nail. Okay, to be honest, this has nothing to do with this video. But I've been really wanting to try Kylie's new tinted butter bombs. They just look really good. And I also really like her. Try try this. I don't really need it. Okay, I'm going to try it. It's the next day. I actually got my hair cut today. It's a little bit shorter. I have all of my Ulta goodies right here. I got two bags because I really just got that much stuff. And I'm going to get ready for the day using the products that I just got. And kind of a little first impressions with you guys. As you guys saw, I picked up two of the ordinary products. And I think you're supposed to start with a nice cinnamon. The price point on this was so good. I just used a different Heather on a gasset. So we'll see how this one compares. Obviously, I'm not going to see a difference right away with this. Like, I will with the makeup. It goes on smoothly. We'll see, like, if over time I notice improvement. I do have to tell you guys actually right before this video. I got a bath and I used the truly shaved butter. I ended up getting this also on the way out because it just smelled like whipped cream. For me, the benefit of something from truly like this is more of just an experience. I love packaging. I love the way it smells, the texture. But I don't think it actually really benefits my skin anymore than the typical shaving cream. I got the moon rocks body scrub. This. Oh, someone already used it. This just is a nice and clean smell. I'm going to start with the elf primer. I feel like I had no choice in purchasing this primer for this video. Everyone seemed to love it. Like, I just have not seen one bad thing about it. Primers are such a hitter mist for me. I really don't like sticky primers. I don't know. See, I just don't like sticky products. Like, I just hate putting something onto my face and it feels sticky. That's just like the worst feeling for me. I'm just going to give it a chance. You know what does say? It's the power grip primer. So it has to be somewhat sticky, I guess. I have very high expectations for this elf foundation. I cannot express how impressed I am by elves packaging. I feel like elf has just really like elevated their look, their brand, their packaging. Like, this is really nice. It's glass. I'm going to lie a few dots. I'm also not really a big foundation girl. You guys know this by now. So as I'm reading this, I realize that this isn't really technically even a foundation. Use this for a soft focus effect for afterlux radiance. It's the only filter you'll ever need. I actually really like this a lot more than I thought I would. It's blending so easily to my skin. And it doesn't look cakey, which is the biggest thing for me. So where it is, I don't like the primer, but I do really like the glow filter. Now I'm going to go in and try out the bandit tint. It's actually crazy me that I haven't tried this before. This is so much more watery than I expected. Wow, I actually am pleasantly surprised by this. I almost feel like because it's so watery, it is easier to blend. I'm going to also try a little bit of this on my lips. I understand the hype with this. It's such an easy product to apply. This just blends so easily. It's like you almost can't mess it up. I have been so excited to try this as this lash mascara. I have just seen so much about it. So I feel like I can't do this in front of the camera. So this is the side with the mascara. And this is the side without. I applied two coats of it. I'm just not really that impressed. I don't think it's a bad mascara, but I don't think it's something that I would ever repurchase. Yeah, it doesn't really help that much with curl. This is like very vanilla to me. I am going to try Kylie Jenner's lip tint. I'm just like a fan of her. She's my favorite Kardashian right now. She came out with these and I saw on her Instagram that she was talking about them. This looks really pretty. I love the shade that I got. I got the shade Kylie, but I'm actually going to probably just like throw that in my purse because it's a good everyday color. It is really similar to the tart one though. And I love both of them. I'm going to take this off though and I'm going to try lastly for you guys the Clinique Black Cherry Lipstick. Like I said earlier, I already tried this before, but I still want to show you guys. It looks really dark, but don't be deceived. Wow, two years later and I still love this. I think it's like the most cool, pretty lip color that you can just throw in your purse. And I also just feel like it makes my teeth look extra white. To me, this is the perfect lip color. That is everything that I got. All in all, I would say a lot of the products I did like, but my least favorites were for sure these two. Especially this one. Like I'm sorry, I don't mean to be a hater, but I just hate how sticky this like my face feels right now. I was actually thinking if you guys want me to do this again with Sephora, let me know. I just like to see honest opinions on big trends like this because half the time you don't know if it's like actually good or if it's just over hyped on TikTok. I'll link the products that I liked down below. I was gonna say I'll link them all, but like I don't know why I would link the ones that I didn't like. Thank you guys so much for watching and hanging out with me. I had so much fun filming this, so I hope you guys liked watching. But yeah, I'll see you in my video next Sunday and I love you guys. Bye.