 Hello everyone just popping in here with my Ratchet earbuds, you know my microphone broke but you don't need to talk about it this video You know it's taking me some guts to post. I want to make it very clear I am not a singer nor do I think I am this whole video is a joke. I really need to upgrade from this Can I get a yikes in the chat for this? Anyways, um, hope you enjoy the video Why don't you like I'm doing ASMR right now Shop your singing skills. Hello everyone. What's up? Hello? I am going to be singing yes, you heard that right My star mix order is for the week. I actually saw Lauren Lurbuk do this video do it for the tube You gotta like make it extra. This is like a cute guy like With Okay, yes, please Wait, what did you get I just got one I don't know I was under pressure My singing was that good oh my gosh, do I have to sing with the person out here? Yes, okay? Now I'll have to make up for it by singing to this person out the window God just be very extra just like thank you Damn Point of you you're actually a singer and Thank you That was so bad that like your sweatshirt Thank you. Did you see her looking at me? Laughing so you know what first day I feel like I could have done a little better It was like kind of singing I think your next ones will be better because you know what takes back You know the stress that you're about to put yourself there means the next two days I'm going to like try to like sing like a little lower. I think I was like trying to sing Practice it can I have the And see Okay, I mean that's the best you're gonna get Well, I'm like really nervous like I really like this video is like really testing me I'm right. It's like doing so much anxiety over this. Okay, and then we have to keep singing when we go up Like we have to say You're so busy for doing this video I would never like go at the ones I can do it like but like doing it for like four times Like from an outside perspective. I'm like psycho We got this I'm one second Could I have a strawberry I Grande Can I get a Grande pink drink? Okay I couldn't even like actually sing That was even worse is we have to do it we get the drink because we have to be like thank you Harmonize grid to go Guys this is dedication like for real I've never filmed this kind of video like I'm a son kind of a savage Little baddie I think she knows that you're like do it because she's like laughing She was laughing I'm like ripping Different person You know She call this out bro. I know he didn't even know we're doing for you, but he thought we're just having a good idea cheers They definitely knew we were singing but I don't know how the guy knew because he wasn't I think maybe like she told them I don't know I would say today went pretty well like I feel like we definitely gave her all you know We just have to embrace the awkwardness thing our little hearts out Should I put on glasses or is that take away my personality? So I keep them out or off I say off We're here block it now day eight No welcome to a new day you're here with Bobby. Oh you want to take it over? No, that's fun I just get really nervous every day. I do this like it's really it's so scary like so if you want to have chocolate You'd be like can I have a star They're gonna Okay, so Okay, it's good. That's not what I want though. Oh, it's just that's all gonna mess up. I'm scared. I'm scared I can tell you're really nervous and I'm nervous too because I just peed on your seat. I can't I get a wet napkin Bobby Oh Thank you Okay, what are we gonna get to drink Can I have a Jagan's room or pressure Jagan for pressure. Okay, what's I? Grande Okay, and can I get a chocolate chip? Pepchino What's that What's this? Can I please get a tongue And you want the whipped cream? No, thank you Anything else? Okay, a 30 else in the window I was like said it's not even scary, but I got a red and scared you know it's even worse now We have to sing to her face up here. What do you mean? I don't know. Do you think I did good? I feel like I didn't really sing that much. No, you sang Yeah, there's no rhythm. You know, I'm not a singer. Look how thick that is. That's nice. Oh, thanks. Yeah, it's fake. Is it? I have extensions I'm never embarrassed when I was so embarrassed I got like red and then I like had a berry myself in it And she's like what size I'm like I have to sing this Try it. Okay, we were going Bobby. Oh, no, it was hit I don't get embarrassed and I was very embarrassed I was cringed. I think I made myself cringe Yeah, what you agree? I agree. Yeah, I watch your video said. Thanks, Bob. You watch mine Already next segment. I'll just walk home from here. Okay, what the? Okay, oh, I look a little busted. I'm nervous. Oh, okay. We're here Guys I'm kind of nervous recently. We're living on the edge recently. No, I'm like I wanted to do like a like a parody of like an Ariana Grande song, but I don't think YouTube would let me He's actually singer so like this is good This is just so awkward because this is a Starbucks. I always go to try my hand this. Are you do you go first? Yes, sure I'll get over with it. Okay, at least we're together in Moralsport. Yeah, I just got Can I have a Chocolate cake pop Okay, can I have a tall So I have chocolate Do I look great? Yes, please Anything else? Thank you I felt like I was like a Broadway musical and I sang that at least you understood us yet true. She understood it Yeah, the thing is when we get up here. We have to finish singing up here So I say what so their face wait we should do it to harmony. That's what we've been trying to thank you Okay, here we go. I know that I'm cute together. Don't make me hang in So it's like a new online challenge Thank you for channel Sydney Sarayna. I gotta sing it Sydney Sarayna This is mine. Yeah, I don't feel like I'll go get you take a cup on it. I got your channel. I'm like shaking I can even write my channel Yeah, we love a team player. Yeah, she was really cool. That wasn't that bad. No, it wasn't like she was like the worker was really nice She was cool. She laughed played along. She sang with us. Yeah, thanks Fran Of course did I think for you. I'm ready. Are you really ready? I'm ready. Oh, we're recording already Yeah, let's get it. All right, hold up. No, can I get wait no, dude. I'm so I'm so I just found out I suck it singing Just found out did you not hear those first three words those are so bad says I'm really okay, wait What are you what are you drink? You can't leave me hanging you sis? I don't know The clock is ticking. We're gonna get all day theme James singing holiday theme songs root off the red nose reindeer That's your turn Okay, what's the year for you? Can I have a Can I have a toe on the couch chocolate? I'm sorry. It's all in the Chocolate Chocolate See it letter Can she get a tall hot chocolate? Can I get a peppermint mocha with extra whipped cream? Thank you, dude. I think I did a great job Everyone else was like laughing and she was salty. I'd give it a solid eight out of ten. Thanks, EBS You're just missing like the vocal projection dude. We should sing to this guy. I'm a little deceitly Don't hold a secret lead. Oh Okay, straighter south. Okay, so it's gonna sing it's gonna sing thing. Thank you very much Sorry for singing thank you very much Oh, my voice just cracked I asked for a wrap, but oh you did yeah, but it's okay I'm sorry. I know it's cold outside. This is perfect cheers That was really loud here. I remember it's two better times not everyone understands joy But at least that person got a taste of who you are People just don't like you like I'm so incredibly proud of the fact that you're doing something like this Not everyone does this and for you to have the guts and the personality to do something like this takes a lot of effort So good job sin No seriously never again. I'm never going back to the start of you know what we did our best. Heck yes I'll give us a beef rougher beef or effort dude. I get a plus Right hello guys. I am now back with my ratchet ear buds. I need new ones really bad I wanted to end the video here. I just realized I never did now trove like are we really surprised this point? This was such an embarrassing, but like funny video to make it definitely, you know took some What's the word? It's really late. It's like wanting at what I'm filming this it took some courage I know this was pretty cringey I feel like it's kind of what makes it funny Also shout it to my friends who are in this video. Thank you guys for being with me for your moral support Also, you know, we'll definitely work on trying to get a new microphone system because this is a little bit Unfortunate thanks so much for watching. I'm gonna go to bed and I'll see you guys in my next video. Bye guys You