 I just can't see the f***ing trip. Good morning. I have a lot to do. I leave in 20 minutes. I promise I'm ready. Everything's laid out. Don't fear. Are you excited to drive with me? Um, sure. I just can't see the f***ing trip. So guys, one time I spent a DM to f***ing. He left me out open. I sent a whole voice mail to him. And I sang him a song and everything. He'd see it because it's pretty famous. Well, now if you were sworn in the first time, I thought we were in love. But... And you are. I think it's a one way thing. Someone's in love. So we got to my friend Bailey. Hello. She gets lonely really easily. And she's like, please come. And I was like, I guess I have to. So now I'm here. Road trip break. Where are we? Starbucks. Have some fun this week. I want to take a ride. I'm just going to... Something about me that you guys might not know is I love exploring abandoned cities and houses. And so I saw this ghost town on the way here and I was like, Bailey can we please stop? And you and you. Ha ha ha. So yeah. My dad's here. And yes, I got my biggest bag. It's a touristy. I know. Okay guys, we're here. This is my outfit of the night. I'm wearing the stress. That's so loud. So I'm really good at home. No. I'm a lefty. All of the tops are designed for righties and they're perfect for lefties. My father's also lefties. Is that here? Maybe there's something left. You guys are the righty in the same family. Hey guys. What up, cheesies and my teeth? I'm getting ready for the day. It's nighttime now. I just like didn't really get ready earlier. We're going to do this like little game night with my family since we're here with my family. But before that, I think we're going to walk around Vegas a little bit. This is like the least spring breaky break trip I've been on. And you know what, that is okay. I feel like everyone from my school is posting that they're in Cabo right now. I take it a little fumble about it and then I realize, wow. Sydney, you have the biggest first world problems ever. Enjoy all of the experiences you get. Anyways. I'm so done on coming. I'm sorry. I feel like I sing so much now and I don't know why. I do what I do anything. I talk to myself. I sing to myself. I want to put on the cute outfit tonight. But I don't know what to wear. Actually, I know exactly what to wear. This is what I'm wearing. I actually love this top so much. Okay guys, so I'm in my aunt's hotel. I want to show you guys my outfit though. I think it came together so well. I decided to wear this black skirt with this pink top. Forget where I cut the top but I did get the skirt from Princess Polly. So this is my cousin. We go way back. We go till birth. I'm going to show a picture of us when we were young. Right here. So this is my cousin. Where are the youngest ones I came from. You always ask me to do these videos. I just feel weird. I like to do that. You're brackets on lots, right? Well, they're not lost. There's like some opportunity. Morning, Las Vegas. We woke up. Well, I woke up five minutes ago. It's my dad forced me to get out. Vegas seems very overstimulating. That's the one word I have to describe. Vegas. Oh, sorry. Okay, we made it some breakfast. And we actually went to a Taylor Swift theme brunch. I'm the number one fan. I love how we accidentally came to a Taylor Swift breakfast. Like this was not intentional at all. I like it though. Look, look at that. Oh my gosh. There's a lot of people in Vegas. We had brunch, charged up my carpet. Now we're going to go to the street because I want Starbucks. I'm about to conquer. One of my biggest fears. It's actually not. It's not really a fear. I mean, I don't know. I guess we'll see when I get there. How scared I am. Being my dad, I'm going to go on a helicopter ride. I've never been in a helicopter before. And I think it's one of those things that I won't really know how scared I am of it until I'm about to go on it. Then it'll really register for me if I'm actually that nervous. It's kind of like a bucket list thing for me at the same time of being something I'm fearful of doing that I feel like I should do because I'm scared of it. I just want to wear a headset and be like a girl in a helicopter. You're going to go in the direction of the stratosphere and you should fly close enough to see what they're doing. Wow. That was one of the coolest experiences of my life. It was not too dramatic. It was so cool. I really did feel like we were in a movie or something. That was so pretty. It was like 12 minutes but it felt like 20 seconds. Honestly, it wasn't too scared. I was sitting right by the pilot and she made me not feel nervous. What do you think, Dad? I think it was great. Yes, I'm highly recommended. But especially in Vegas, it's great because we got to see all the lights and everything of this main street. We're now going to dinner slash just like walking around Vegas with my family. It's like 9 p.m. right? So we made it to the old strip in Vegas. This is actually so crazy. I feel like I get overstimulated sort of easily. But it's so cool. It's like the amount of lights. Oh my god, there's a light on the ceiling. What? Four, four, four, four. No, it's sick. Who didn't know? It's like just like when you think you can trust a horse you can. I have zero dollars left. Sorry, maybe I'll just need it. She's so cute. You