 Good morning guys! Welcome back to my channel! // Music playing// I'm gonna go in! // Music playing// Wow, I look so white-to-k right now! Oh, and this does jingle. Um, I think it's something for pregnant women or something that's said online when I ordered it. I am not pregnant. Let's just get that straight. First of all, miss you guys. Can we just take a second to appreciate the fact? I have been uploading every Sunday the past few weeks. It's my new schedule, it's my new thing. I'm gonna be vlogging my day today. These are my probably my favorite types of videos to film. Today's Friday, so my final star Monday. So I definitely want to be studying quite a bit today, even though I don't have class today. I really want to do good all my exams. I have pretty good grades right now. One of my favorite, like, study tips or things that I like to do at least, is rent out a study room. I do this at my school's library, and it just, like, keeps me focused, because there's no distractions or anything. So I rented this out! // Music playing// Wow, it's so quiet! It feels like I'm the only person here right now. Like, there's nobody inside, which is weird. // Music playing// So that did not work for me. I go to that library often, okay? I've used study rooms before. She didn't even let me in. My account did it work. I don't know why it didn't work, but she was being so rude about it. And she wouldn't let me in. I'm gonna be fine. Sorry, she knew my second of anger. Okay, we're good now. We're fine. So change of plans, I'm gonna go in and quickly make some coffee, because I think that will help my mood a little bit. Hopefully. So I recently had the revelation that I go to Starbucks very often. Well, I knew that already. That wasn't the revelation part. The revelation part was, what if I just make it on my own? So I've been trying to make my own coffee recently in the mornings. It needs some work, so if you have recipe suggestions, let me know. So I like to start out using a big mason jar. Obviously I throw in ice cubes. I saw this cold brew medium roast at Target the other day. And this is what I use for my base, I guess. My issue is that I like a lot of sugar and creamer, like to the point where it's not even coffee anymore. It's so pretty. Lastly, this is the most important part. This is the brown sugar oatmeal creamer. The issue with this is that it says there's 63 servings in here. I've used this about three times, and it's already down to here. I use a lot, okay? I just do. So. That's enough. That's enough. And there you have it. There's my coffee. It's not the best, but it's pretty good enough. So since the study room didn't work out, I'm going to be studying here instead. I'm going to lay out the things that I have to do. So this is my To Do List for today that I just made. I categorized into two sections. So this is my school related to do list, and then this is my other work life related to do list. Thankfully, not all of this is due like today, but I definitely want to get a good start on it. I think I'm going to start out with my group essay, just so I don't slack, because I don't want to be a group member who sucks. It's now noon. I actually did get quite a bit done. My group essay was almost done, so that wasn't really too bad, but I worked on two of my exam study guides. And I basically just rewrote everything on paper, but it does help me a lot to just see it physically versus just on my computer sometimes. I'll do this. I am going to take a little study break, and I'm going to get my car wash now. I've been eating to do this, and this was on my To Do List. I go to this place where they wash the inside and outside, and they do such a good job. They're so good at it. It takes like 20 minutes, so I'm going to run there quick. Hi, good, how are you? You are? Oh, sure, yeah. Thank you. Oh my gosh, my car is so clean. It looks so much better. After I got my car wash, I decided I was going to start a book to study it for a couple hours, and I just worked on my list of things that I had to do for my classes. I love studying in Starbucks for some reason. I think it's like the aesthetic and the fact that everyone else is working in there, usually. It's my favorite place to study. It's dinner time. We're having a little Christmas night to celebrate, like finals coming to an end. Even actually they haven't started. You can't have not started. That was good travel. Now we haven't started yet, but they will eventually. Of course, I like fail of them. That's why we celebrate a hundred times. Why? We definitely didn't go out with this last night. Yeah, not a real loser. Okay. It's because I'm studying. Her class. I wasn't studying. No, I wasn't. Yeah, what is this? It's chicken wings. Mac Mac Mac. It's so sweet. It's so sweet. It's so sweet. It's so sweet. It's so sweet. It's so sweet. It's so sweet. It's so sweet. Holy furry. All I see is furry. It's so sweet. It's so special. It's so special. It's so special. I think it's time for me to end this. You can still be so lucky. I think that's right. Yeah, watch out. Wow. Wow. I feel like they're going to be so concerned. So I looked out. They have a study room available right now. So I'm going to try this again. Instead of this time, it's not 9am. It's 9pm. And I really hope that I don't get rejected. Again, because if I do, I think I'm going to cry. The campus is so pretty right now. They decorated it for Christmas. I truly never thought the day would come. But I got a study room. They gave it to me this time. Basically, if you guys haven't gotten a study room before, they are the best because you just have an entire room to yourself. So I'm going to copy down some of my notes from my study guide. This is for my political science class for my law minor, which is harder than my major. So. So basically, I'm doing two different sides right here. It's an argument, which the side is in favor of Doma. And these are litigation arguments opposed to Doma. I feel like a lot of times in law, obviously, there's two sides. So I like to kind of set everything by side and by color. So that was pretty much my day. Wish me luck on my finals this week. I'm also wishing you guys the best of luck on your exams. But I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching. And I'll see you next Sunday. Bye guys.