 Hi guys, it's Sade and welcome back. I was a little lemon. Happy Sunday, you guys. Recently, Sundays have become one of my favorite days. I think I just love the resetting and relaxing part of Sundays. I've been trying to really use my Sundays to be a good reset day for me. I feel like it's like the one day in the week where I try to just not do anything and really get prepared for my week. So today I have some things going on. I've been trying to really like, where's this? What? I've been trying to establish a routine for my Sundays and like kind of have some go-to things that I do. I usually go grocery shopping on Sundays. I've been trying to like, deep clean. I'm also going to Pilates class in a little bit, which is fun. Also, I won this set of crane the other day. This little banana thing. Isn't it so cute? I'm so obsessed with it. It's so cute. Okay. Anyways, we're first going to go grocery shopping at Trader Joe's. I'm going to pick up a few things. Let's go. It's also hot. Sorry. I shouldn't swear. So I just got back from Trader Joe's and I got all of my groceries. I wanted to quickly show you guys what I got because, um, I don't know. I just want to. I have my Pilates class in 30 minutes so I can have to do this quickly. Also, I love this energy drink by Lonnie. Thank you guys for sending this to me. I drink this every day. I really didn't get that much stuff because as we know, I eat out a lot. But I got the ingredients to make the Chipotle bowls. I made them like a few vlogs ago and they're so good and they're so easy. So I got chicken. I also got a couple of avocados for the guac. I got onion for the guac and a lime for the guac. Tomato. I also got a lemon because lemonade or water in the mornings tastes so much better. And it's just like a fun way to spice up water. I got these like, honestly, I feel like I have a lovely relationship because they're really good but they're very spicy. Some people might think they're not spicy but I have no spice tolerance. Last two things. I got this chicken. These are salad. Just super easy to like throw together. This is like my favorite drink. I don't know what I've talked about this. It's the sparkling pink lemonade. It's so good. I'll just put this over ice. I'm obsessed with it. Just try it. It's so good. Anyways, I'm gonna throw this in the fridge really quickly and then I think I'm gonna get dressed because I have to get ready for the Pilates class. I'm honestly kind of nervous for it because I'm so, so out of shape. Let's just hope for the best. The guy at the checkout line, the cashier, was like telling me about his Pilates experience. And he's like, you can do this. So, thank you. Alright, let's go. There's a lot of you guys know. I really don't work out that often. Workout classes are definitely like the most fun way of working out for my experience. I found this place near me that looked really fun. I did make sure that this was a beginner's class before I signed up. At least it's a post-3. And we're not imagining it. I'm going there and everyone's like ripped and like really strong. Even though I do like workout classes, I get kind of like insecure or like nervous because I always feel like I'm like the weak link. Because I usually am. But I also have to remind ourselves like no one's actually watching you. They're like focusing on themselves. This is a new workout stuff that I got from this brand called Story. It's so comfy. I love like the blue color. Oh my god, I'm going to be on a wiki feed again. Also eating this right now really quick. A perfect bar because you have to eat before you work out. Okay guys, I survived. That was actually so much more fun than I expected it would be. Mainly because I really liked the instructor. I feel like the instructor that you have makes a big difference. And it was a really good workout like my arm holding my vlog camera right now. Hurts. Working out it can actually be fun. Like this just reminded me that I feel like working out like benefits me more mentally than even physically. I drove down the street to this smoothie place that I've never been to. It's really good. So I'm going to grab a smoothie. I feel like I'm not trying so many new things today. I like new Pilates place, new smoothie place. I also always see people from school here. Like, you know, like those places where like everyone from school goes, like this, the circle, which is where I am. That's like where everyone is. I don't know if this smoothie tastes so good because I just like worked out. I love this because it has coconuts in it. I used to get something like this like five years ago at my gym. But I got this smoothie. It has peanut butter. I think almond milk, cocoa nibs, banana. It's so good. Today is a good day. I'm back home now. Sunday's is usually the day that I do laundry. I also, every couple weeks, like to deep clean my room. Basically, I just like to mop really wipe things down. I also want to make sure my room is clean because my friend Rachel, who I'm sure a lot of you guys know, is coming in a few days. So I'm like, in desperate need to do this deep clean. It's actually been quite a while. I never realized how during my floors are. So I see the bottom of my sliver. Ew. I never realized how during my floors are. So I see the bottom of my sliver. Ew. I'm going to do a little bit of laundry. I'm going to do a little bit of laundry. I'm going to do a little bit of laundry. Something fun that I feel like a lot of you type a people might like is making kind of like a weekly schedule. And I'm not talking like in my calendar because I already have that. But I like to kind of just take me, we get a glance, and I go into Canva. I pick out this template and it kind of just lays out my goals for the week. And then I also go down the biggest things I have for each day. Like I said, I don't put everything in here for sure, but I do put like the major big things I have to do this week. And like big focuses. So I have a couple meetings. I have a big presentation that I need to focus on. I'm extra things to do here. Some reminders. If you get anxiety about like your schedule, I really recommend that. Because I definitely feel like I have a lot going on in my life. And I kind of need something to like reference throughout the week. Also do you guys like my bandaid? It's the Incredibles. Oops, I don't mean to flip you off. Oh my god. Do you guys want to see the saddest thing? Like why am I like crying? My try-up high broke. And like it literally is like a two-pot now. What happened? Like I don't know what happened. It just just like fell off. Okay, I'm over it. I'm hungry. So let's go make some dinner. Like I said, I've made this recipe before. It was actually just a couple vlogs ago. So I'm not really going to like go into details and think just did that. But basically I'm just putting it together a little chip hole label with like rice, some chicken, and then guacamole that I make. I have the sphere of under-cooking chicken. Because I don't want to accidentally not cook it all the way through and then get food poisoning. It's just like a fear that I have. So I like over-cook it sometimes. Like this is actually so burnt. I'm trying to get better guys. What if one day you guys came on my YouTube channel was like completely rebranded. And it was like cooking like a cooking channel. Like I just like changed my brand to be like food network. I'm like the least qualified person to do that. So that won't happen. Don't worry. Tada! I was so done. So I had the urge. It's a paint. You know, I am not a good painter. I'm just going to start there. I think I first got into painting kind of during like COVID when there wasn't like really much to do. 90% of the time I ended up throwing them away because they look so bad. You know, one out of the 10 I do like turn out okay. I think I want to do, I saw a TikTok this like sunset thing with a lake. I'm gonna show you guys what I was trying to do. That's what I was trying to do. It said it was easy and it wasn't. It's bad. I kind of gave up honestly. Like it just was not looking good. My brush I think was too thick because I couldn't like get the details and the trees and stuff. Or I just suck. Maybe I'm just like making excuses. This is one of those that I throw away and never usually would see the light of day. But because I'm vlogging it, it is. It was fun. No, I actually like do get frustrated though like when they like look so bad after. I'm like dude, whatever. I guess it's like part of the fun process. And here we are again. No outro. I'm sorry. But I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching. I hope you guys had fun. Hang out with me. I'll see you guys in my video next Sunday. Bye guys.