 Hi guys, oh my gosh, my voice! Hi guys, what's up? It's said. So I don't know if you can tell, but I'm sick. I just want to say that because my voice does not sound like it normally does. So please bear with me. Anyways, today is video. I'm going to be doing a swimsuit collection for 2019. And I thought it'd be super fun to do a little haul of all of my swimsuits that I've collected over the years. I'm someone that I'm always wearing like a different one. So I have quite a few to share with you guys. But I'm really excited for this video. I've gotten quite a few requests and I personally love watching these videos. I just like seeing other people swim suit collections and finding like new places to buy them from. So the first swimsuit that I have is this white and pink striped two piece. As you'll be able to see in this haul, I really love knotted swimsuits tops at the front. And this one, as you can see, has like the little tie at the front. I just really like the color of this. I think it's really pretty. And the pink and white together, I just think looks really good on. I will leave links to all the swimsuits by the way down below that I can find. So the next swimsuit that I have is for packs on. And this is an all yellow swimsuit. And it is just this yellow basic top. But again, it has little tie in front and it also has two little knots on each side of the top as well. And for some reason, like I said, you'll be able to tell that I really like knots on my swimsuits. I don't know why. This next swimsuit, I don't know where I got this because I got this a while back. But like I said, I'm going to try to link everything down below. This one, when I hold it up, looks so... Not right. When I try it on, you'll see. It's a very intricate wrapped top. And I think it's so cool and interesting and different. I will say that putting this on is quite the challenge. But once it's on, it looks good. And then the bottoms are just these pink and blue slash purple floral pattern bottoms. I really like these together because the top is kind of basic. But with the bottoms, like with the design, I think it looks really good. So the next swimsuit that I have is from Cupshe. You guys might have heard of them before. They're like a very popular online swimsuit shop. This one, I think, is so cool. I've actually taken a picture on Instagram with this. But a lot of you guys were asking where I got it. It's just this tie-dye top. And I don't think I've seen very many tie-dye swimsuits. So when I saw this online, I just thought it was very cool and different. And then the bottoms, again, are also just the same exact tie-dye print. Alright, so the next swimsuit I have, this one is quite eccentric. I don't know the word to describe this. I need more descriptive words. This one is so cool though. It's very, very bright. It's just this pink bando top. And you can just tell right off the bat, this is such a bright color. And I think it's so fun to switch it up and wear bright stuff every once in a while, because I don't usually wear super bright colors. I really, really love this. And then the bottoms are just the same. But they are very high-waisted. I don't really have. I don't think any high-waisted swimsuit bottoms except for these ones. And I really like actually having the high-waisted bottoms. I think they switch it up and they're really cool. Also, I know a lot of girls who want to tan don't like having straps on the tops. This is a really good swimsuit top to have because you won't get like weird tan lines. But if you're like me and you don't tan, it doesn't matter. I mean, next swimsuit, I actually just got. And it is this red two-piece. So the bottoms are very strappy. I actually haven't even tried these on yet. And then the top is also just again the same just basic red. It has more of like the triangle shape for the top, which I think is really nice. And then the back is just very strappy. And it actually has these like little clasp sonnet that are gold, which I think is really pretty. All right, so my next swimsuit, I actually wore this very recently. And this is from Zafl. I absolutely love this swimsuit. It's just this white and black polka dot top. But I really like how the polka dots are uneven. And I did talk about this in a recent video. So I won't go too much in detail on it. But then the bottoms again are also just the same polka dot pattern. And I just think this is so cool on. I really, really love this one. I also have this one, which I actually wore in an Instagram picture recently. And I think this is my favorite top that I own because it's so versatile. So you can see it's just this basic white top. And it has like the little knot at the front. But instead of it being like in the middle, it's on the bottom. And I love this top. I don't know what it is. It's very basic, but I just really love the simplicity of it. And then the bottoms that came with it are these red and white striped bottoms. And I think with the white on top, this looks so good together. I also have some bottoms that I actually recently picked up. And these ones that I'm about to show you are actually all patterned. So I'm thinking I want to wear them all with this white top probably and just kind of switch them out so it can look like a whole difference from suit each time I wear them. That's actually a really good life hack if you don't want to buy a whole new swimsuit every time. So the first bottoms that I picked up from Target is this blue striped bottoms. And I did actually just get these so they're probably still selling them. But yeah, it's very basic simple, just the blue and white stripes. But I really think this is going to look good together. I love just mismatching my swimsuits to have like a different pair of bottoms from my top. So it's not like perfectly matching. I think it's really fun to switch it up. So yeah, I have this from Target and then I also picked up this one from Target. Again, it is a striped bottom, but these stripes are basically just a ton of different pastel colors. And again, I think this will look really cool with the swimsuit tops. So I'm super excited to see how that looks. I also picked up this pair of bottoms from Hollister, but I really love these not just because of the pattern, but because of the back. They have this little stitch at the back. And I feel like this just looks so much more flattering on. Also when I was at Target, I picked up this set. And this is just a bright red swimsuit set. So the bottoms are just basic red ones. The sides of this swimsuit are actually both cinched. And I really like that. I feel like that will look super cute. And then for the top, I think this one is so cool. It has these little ruffles. And you can see the ruffles just kind of border the top of the swimsuit. And then it also crosses back. So it probably looks like really weird when I'm holding it. But I think on this will look very pretty. I personally don't have many swimsuits with ruffles, so I thought that would be really fun to try out. And then the last swimsuit that I have is actually quite intense. This one is also from Target. And I don't know how this is going to look on. I just got this actually. But it is this pink and white striped bikini set. I feel like half of my swimsuits are striped. But I just thought this was so fun and so bright and neon. But yeah, that's pretty much all of my swimsuits in my swimsuit collection. So I hope you guys liked it. Make sure to give this video a thumbs up if you liked it. I never really say that. I realize the other day. I never like to say to give the video a thumbs up if you liked it. So if you did, give it a thumbs up. Also make sure to subscribe if you're not already subscribed. But I hope you guys had fun hanging out with me. Thank you so much for watching. And I will see you in my next video. Bye guys. Bye.