 Hey guys, it's Sid and welcome back to my channel. Hi guys, it's Sid and welcome back. That was my room service. I am so excited for today's video. So if you're like me and you like watching Vogue makeup videos, I relate to you. I'm obsessed with it. I watch them every time I do my makeup. Like for some reason I just can't do my makeup without watching someone else do theirs on Vogue. They're just so much fun for me and I feel like I do pull a lot of info for my own personal makeup that I use. So today I thought it'd be fun to get ready with you guys and do my makeup vogue style. I actually filmed a video like this about a couple years ago and it's really fun. You know, I kind of did feel like I was on Vogue my own version. I also decided to stay at a hotel tonight. I love doing things alone. Staying at a hotel for some reason is so much fun to do alone. Anyways, without further ado, let's get into it. I wish I'd lived in this hotel. Like, is that possible? Probably not. My room service is supposed to come in like any minute. So I'm just waiting for me to be a mid-makeup and then an awkward my door with my cheeseburger. Before I do any makeup, I do like to have a good base on my skin. I feel like it just makes my makeup lay better. So I'm going to be using the road peptide glazing fluid. It's actually so funny because this is my first time using it. This is the only thing that's like my first time using this video. It was at my doorstep as I was leaving today and I was like, there's no way the timing of that was perfect. Guys, what are the odds? This came right as I was about to leave. It was destiny. So this is kind of fun. It's like a little first impressions. It's really moisturizing and I like it's not super thick on my skin. Of course, I'm going to start out with some sunscreen. This is my glow screen from Supergoop. This is an SPF 40 which is pretty good for a facial sunscreen. It also kind of, oh, guys, I'm like so hungry. I'm sorry. I like have to eat this for a second. Okay. There are out of chicken tenders, so they sent this. As I was saying, sunscreen, obviously everyone says it's super important. My friend gave me this analogy like three years ago that he still remember that if you go outside every day for 30 minutes, like walking your dog or something, that ends up adding up to like 900 minutes a month, which is 15 hours a month that you're just in the sunshine. More of a story, even if you're not outside for long periods, it really does add up and you should use sunscreen. Some days when I wear makeup, I will just wear the glow screen, but sometimes I like to wear a little tinted moisturizer. This one is the Rare Beauty Tinted Moisturizer. It's really sheer, which I like because I don't like a ton of coverage. I like to do tinted moisturizer before concealer because that way I can just see if it covers any redness and blemishes that I don't need to add on with concealer. I ended up using a lot less makeup that way. I'm definitely into the lesses more makeup. So for my concealer, I'm using this Coses concealer. I feel like this is all the rage on tiktok, but I like to take the brush and a brush off a significant amount of it on the sides. Just so I'm putting less product under my eyes, and I'll just go in the few dots and on any blemishes. I used to really sack up concealer under my eyes. I like thought that if I just kept layering it, it would help my dark under eye circles, but I realized it's just backfires and it creases so much more. So I try to just do a pretty thin layer. I do set my makeup. This is the Laura Mercier Translucin Powder. I just take a little bit. Again, that seems to be a theme for me, and I especially go over my T-zone area because that kind of tends to get the most shiny for me. I honestly feel like the best way to describe this powder is that it kind of looks like the face blurring feature in real life, which is like the best thing makeup could ever do. For some reason, I do my eyebrows. I don't know why I do it in this order, but it just makes sense in my brain. So I'm just going in with my precisely eyebrow pencil. I like to almost mimic hair like strokes if I can. Oh my, did you guys hear that crack? Like, aren't my bones okay? My eyebrow hairs for some reason are the most stubborn eyebrow hairs you will ever see. They just wouldn't stay with any sort of brow gel that I tried. So I found this. This thing got to be spiking styling gel. It's water resistant, and I got these tiny ones on Amazon, which makes it really easy when I travel. And then I also bought these little spooly's on Amazon. This is literally, I think, $5. It works wonders. So I'll take the tiniest amount. I just take with my spooly rub it in, and then I brush my eyebrow hairs diagonal. I don't like doing it straight up because I just feel like that does not look natural on my face. If you have one thing from this video or like take one piece of advice, it's to get this. Also, when I'm doing my brows, I like to just accentuate my beauty mark right here. So something I've kind of been switching up or playing around with is the heavy contour that I usually do. So I've been using my Hula bronzer. This is such a throwback. I was obsessed with this when I was like 15. I just take a little bit of it on the brush that it comes with and just sculpt out. Then I also like to bronze my forehead. After waiting for what felt like years, I finally, was able to get the Charlotte Tilbury blush wand. I had it trying to get this you guys for I swear like a whole year. And every time I would go to Sephora, it was always out of stock, and finally I was somehow able to get it like on their site. It did not disappoint. I really love how blendable it is. Since my skin is already very glowy from the several glowy products I use, I hadn't been using a highlighter because I just feel like if I do, it's going to look like it's going to be too much. I'm not trying to look like a disco ball. So I'm just going to go in with my eyelash curler. You can never look cute doing this. Like it never looks cute and I'm not even going to try so. You might notice that I took off my eyelash extensions and it's just hard. Like if you've ever done that, you know, the feeling like you feel naked without them, I don't know how I was to explain it. So I was basically on the hunt to figure out a way to do my mascara that will make my eyelashes look as good as possible. And I realized how much using waterproof mascara literally just can transform your eyelashes. Especially if your eyelashes tend to not hold curl super well. Waterproof mascara is truly the trick for you. It will hold your eyelash curl all day long. I don't know what it is about waterproof mascara that does this. No matter how hard I try, I always end up getting mascara on my eyelids. So I just go in with a little makeup remover. So since I have to go in anyways after I do my mascara with makeup remover, I do my eyeshadow backward. I just have to take it off anyways when I get mascara on my eyelids. I'm using this jumbo nix pen. This is in the shade cottage cheese. I don't know why they named it that because like I love this pen but like that's something's off with that. I just put a tiny bit in the inner corner of my eyes. It's so pretty and minimal. It just kind of adds the slightest bit of shimmer. I'm also going to go in and use my Charlotte Tilbury eyeshadow palette. I'm going to go in and use this kind of light pinkie shade. I have a few different palettes that I use for this but I just like to add a tiny bit of color to my crease. Last step is my favorite step which you guys know is my lip products. I obviously have a few that I kind of alternate between but right now I'm going to be using this one. This is the Ilya little lip tint. What I love about this is that it's moisturizing since it is a balm and it almost looks like your lip color but better. If I do want to spice it up a little bit and add a little bit more shimmer I'll go in with this and this is the Clarence lip oil. I am going to set my makeup with the Charlotte Tilbury Airbrush flawless setting spray that my mom got me for Christmas. Thanks mom. I love you. I know you're watching this. And there you have it. That's my everyday makeup. Besides the lip oil at the end I will say this is pretty concrete what I do every day especially on the days that I have a good 20 minutes of time. I feel like I can get this done within 15-20 minutes. It works really well for me and I feel like with makeup one of the biggest things I've learned is you have to find all the little tips and tricks that work for you and your face structure really kind of highlighting your favorite features about yourself and that's not going to look the same for everyone but I do like to kind of take little tips and tricks here and there from different people. So I hope that this helped you in some way or I hope you just enjoyed hanging out with me. If you guys have any video requests by the way please leave them down below but I love you guys and I'll see you on my vlog next Sunday. Bye guys.