 Hey guys, it's said welcome back to my channel. I'm sure you probably have seen the famous Vogue Beauty Secrets videos. Those are probably my favorite videos to watch right now. I watch I think every single video and it kind of got me to thinking why don't I just like make my own. So today I'm going to be doing my everyday natural makeup routine. I'm really excited because I'm definitely not a pro at makeup but I found a lot of tips and techniques that have worked for me and I thought I'd share them with you guys. Vogue style. Whenever I watch a face, I put my hair up and I always throw on my cat ears. The face wash I've been trying out recently is this one by Floor and the. I like to put a by-z in my eyes. I'm not crying. This stuff is my dating grace. If you also have really red eyes, buy this. You will not be disappointed. So I got this Mulani rose butter lip balm. Actually this is a lip mask except it's on at night and in the morning. Oh my gosh, I'm like the worst ever. I actually have one more part of my skincare routine. I'm so sorry. The last step before I start my makeup is actually using this face roller. I might look so dumb using this without any product. I've found it actually kind of deep puffs my face if I put it in the fridge overnight. Okay, again, I don't know if this does anything technically. It makes me feel better. Sunscreen is something that's really important to me and lastly I found this new sunscreen that I really like. This is the supergoop glow screen. For so long I was so turned off by sunscreen on my face just because I thought it would break out my skin and make it look really oily. What I love about this product is that it has the most minimal bit of coverage and it makes my skin look so naturally glowy. Alright, so next I'm moving on to concealer. This is the Glossier concealer. I've used this for a while now and I always go back to it for some reason. I think because it's just super blendable. Whoa, ton here. I feel like I'm going to fucking oven. Next up I like to use my Glossier skin tint. This is the most amazing foundation if you're looking for something lighter coverage. I'm grateful that I've been able to get my education. It's been really rough with online school and I think a lot of people's mental health is really suffering right now because of that and I've definitely felt the impacts of it as well. I've not met nearly as many people as I had hoped to at school and I just want to teach you to know that if you're feeling really lowly and isolated during this time it's so normal. I feel like we're on the upswing of things. The vaccine's coming out and things are looking better. I am really into the glowy do-ey look but if I left my makeup like this it would just slide everywhere. So I'm taking the Charlotte Tilbury powder which I recently tried and I love this. I worked all day a couple days ago at the Melrose Trading Post and it was so hot outside. I was probably outside for like four hours and I got back in the car after and my makeup was perfectly set in place which never happens. The main place I've focused with this is under my eyes. My whole goal with makeup is to make it look like I'm not wearing makeup so I don't like to layer it or kick it on. I just do a little bit of my T-zone under my eyes. The next thing I use is this Anastasia Beverly Hills brow with. I think this is in the shade Chocolate. This is my favorite brow pencil. What's so funny is the girl who does my eyebrows. Meena, she started doing my eyebrows like six months ago. When I went to first see her she was like I think your eyebrows can be so much thicker than they are. I'm not going to thread them so thin so she kind of like made me grow up my eyebrows which I think her for every single time I go in. I think if I could only use one makeup product for the rest of my life it would be chapstick. I hate that question. No matter how hard I try I'll never get them to be exactly the same and it kind of bothers me but it's okay. I heard so much good things about the venting beauty contrastics. This is an unpopular opinion. I didn't really like them because I felt like it was just harder to blend and I would like creamy products that just like melt into my skin. So I tried this cream bronzer from them. I love it. And then I always take my beauty blender to blend it out. If you don't white your beauty blender it doesn't work as good as you so. To look how nicely that blended. It literally doesn't look like I bronzed her own. Okay and my look like I bronzed her own. I also kind of just take some up here right by my forehead. Since I started using cream based products like a year ago I don't think I could ever go back to powder blush and bronzer. I just am obsessed with cream products now. And then I also just kind of put some of my jawline. I don't know if you're supposed to do this but I feel like it makes my jawline look more defined. Oh my gosh. Ew. Something in my day busted. That's disgusting. Alright so the next step of my makeup routine is blush. And I'm going to be using the Ilya cream stick blush. This is in the shade all of me. And again I definitely tried my fair share of cream blushes and this is one of the most blendable ones that I've found so I really like it. The next step is using my Marc Jacobs nude eyeliner. And I like to put this on my, what is that called your waterline? Oh my gosh, it's not a professional. I think it is. Oh. It kind of makes my eyes water but beauty is paint they say. If you've watched any of my makeup videos in the past, I think this is one of the only products that has stayed really consistent for me. And this is a tartlet and bloom palette. I'm pretty sure you can tell which shade I use. I don't know if it's a bad thing but I never find my eyelids because I just, I'm kind of lazy. I just really love this shade because people always ask me when I wear this if I have eye shadow on because I can't really tell as you can tell I really just love natural makeup. The next step I like to use this Glossier mascara. I love this mascara because it just looks like my actual eyelashes. It doesn't really look like I'm wearing mascara per se. I feel like I'm getting so close to you guys. Um. Oh my gosh. That's so bad. I forgot. I don't know why this always happens to me. I always forget something. So yeah, I forgot to do my second step to my eyebrows. It's so extra that I have two steps but it's important to me. I like to just go over my eyebrows after with this Gilly brow, brow gel. This is tinted so it kind of just like fills in the sparse areas a bit more. I am going to do my lips which is the last step. This is the lip cheat. I just need to get all of the lip mask off my lips so I can actually put this on. For me personally, I really don't like the look of heavy lipstick so I just like the slightest color. I feel like overlining your lips and having them look good is one of the hardest things to do in makeup. Oh, see? That was Exhibit A. I'm going to set my makeup using my professional super-setter. Today, I'm going to throw on this lip oil. I really don't like to use heat on my hair. Oops. Today, I'm just going to leave my hair down. And then, I'm going to throw in these gold hoops. And voila! So yeah, that's pretty much my makeup. I hope this was helpful for you guys. I hope you took away a couple tips. I would definitely take in a ton of different tips from each of the videos so it's kind of why I wanted to make my own. And this was really fun. I had a lot of fun filming it. If you want to see a picture of me in this final look, I'm going to be posting it on my Instagram. So if you want to see more of my daily life and kind of keep up to date with what I post, I'll link my Instagram down below because I've been posting a lot on there recently. But I hope you guys liked the video. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you next one. Bye guys.