 Hi! So, today's video. Alright. Let me just say. You guys already know. I am like obsessed with TikTok. I feel like at this point, it's just pretty obvious. I also know that I'm not the only one obsessed with TikTok. I've gotten so many of my friends hooked on it too. And it's just the best. You know? Like thank you to the creators of TikTok. I've been really trying my best to be a good TikToker. I think it's fun. I post random stuff. But I feel like something is just missing and I feel like it's my room. It's just not TikTok-y enough. I just really see those freaking lights all over TikTok. You guys probably know what I'm talking about. So I want to put those lights up in my room. I also want to put up this whole starry night effect as well on my ceiling. When I have a few other things that I want to do to my bedroom that are TikTok inspired. So that I'd film it. I literally just ordered the room lights last night and they came today. So thank you Amazon Prime for coming through. First things first. I really need to get rid of my Christmas decor. Christmas is a month ago. And I just procrastinated putting it away. So as I said earlier, the most popular part of having a TikTok room is having those colored lights. But for the video, obviously I'm going to be doing a lot of other things. Basically I'm going to be trying to add a lot of lights to my room. It just looks so cool and it just fits the TikTok aesthetic. Because we're really taking this so seriously. Before I put up the actual lights in my room, I ordered this really cool cinema light box. Basically this is one of those little boxes that you can customize and put different words on here. I got this one specifically because it does light up and you can change the colors of it. And it will kind of just complement the TikTok lights. I really just want to really lit room. Like not lit as in cool. I mean it will be cool, but like just lit. Like literally lit. Something I always say is if you like that sometimes, I don't know, I just always say it. So maybe I'll put that on here. I can't think of anything else. Now that I have the letters arranged, even though you can't see it, hold on. Now that I have the letters arranged, I want to obviously light it up. Oh, I see. So you can kind of click through to see what color you like best. Ooh, I kind of like that. This is a great start. My friend Corey let me borrow his ladder because I don't own a ladder and I'm short and I need one because my ceilings are really high. Bro, it's so heavy. I'm so out of shape. This is like not a joke anymore. I move from my ladder. I should move that plant, especially because I want to put up some album covers there and also a really cool light thing I ordered later in the video. Alright, here we go. Kids, don't try this at home. Like for real though, don't. Also, I will link all of the decor that I'm using in this video down below, including the lights and everything. Wow, they aren't playing around here. Okay, so honestly, I'm just ditching these directions. It looks like you're really just supposed to take off the little 3M tape and stick it on the wall. So, there's a little dilemma. I didn't think it through. Since I was putting up the lights, I realized that I didn't pre-plan how I was going to put them up. I don't want to bore you guys, but I had to connect it to my outlet, which is only located on the left side of my bed. I basically ended up having to waste light strand and have it come down in this corner. So you can see all of this is just the light strand that I had to kind of double up. And then they go all the way to there. Yeah, that is also where I messed up. So, since I misjudged this whole situation, I'm running out of lights, and that's all I have. But the good thing is, I do have most of it covered. I think I'm just going to get one more strand and wrap it around here. I do think I want to change the position of this mirror and have it facing this wall. I just think it would kind of be cool to like look in the mirror, and then you can see all the lights behind. We're going to test this baby out once and for all. Okay, here we go. Oh my gosh. Wait, this is like even cooler than I expected. This is such a vibe. This looks so cool except the awkward. That looks really weird. I want to change the colors. Oh my gosh. This is like seriously the coolest thing ever. Wait, it actually kind of looks like I'm at a party. Okay, I'll see you guys tomorrow. Hello, ow. Oh my gosh. My bobbing pin, that's like in the back of my head, just like stabbed my skull. Hello everyone. So, in this now, the next day, today we're going to be resuming the TikTok video. I did put up some fairy lights just like 10 minutes ago. I was going to film it, but it's literally just so easy. I just stuck them with tape around my mirror. I really don't know if it's a bad thing to use tape on wooden mirrors and headboards. So maybe do some research first. I got two things on the mail, guys. And I was like so excited when I saw these packages on my doorstep. So this piece of decor than about to show you, this isn't necessarily like a TikTok specific item. It just goes with the whole theme of having a lot of lights in your room. And I've always wanted a light like this. So I thought it'd be the perfect time to purchase this cloud light. Whoa, my head like fits in perfectly. Okay, I feel like if I do anymore, I'm going to get my head stuck. My plan is to stick this on my wall right where my plant used to be. Wow, can I look like I cut my hair, didn't it? Plot twist, I actually did. See? Just kidding, pranks. I'm thinking I'm going to put it right here. Okay, I have to make sure I like position it right because I'm going to put it's album covers right here. So I just want to make sure it's like level, you know? Guys, what do you think? This way? Okay, I agree. Basically I can just stick these onto my wall. Ah, I got the wrong size. I knew what this would happen. I need to go to your Target to get an ale and a hammer. I'll be back. So I'm back. What I'm going to try to use to hang this cloud sign up are these deco hooks that I found to target. Look cool because you don't actually need a hammer. Thinking like here. These like hook things that I got are not like going into the wall fully for some reason. So basically I just put it kind of on the outside to like secure it. You know, it doesn't look the best. Temporarily it's all I can do at this point. All right, time for the grand reveal. This looks so cute. Wait, I actually love it. Oh my gosh. Despite how difficult it was to find something to mount it, it does look really cool. I just have to hide this cord, but wow. Wait, this is actually kind of good lighting. I'm like, is this like a new selfie spot? So basically I'm sure you guys have seen on TikTok how people have like stars on their ceilings. It looks very cool. And I was going to order the little machine device thing that everyone gets on Amazon for it. They don't have Amazon Prime. And since I'm a procrastinator and I'm filming this video just a couple days before I'm posting it, I couldn't get it. It wouldn't come in time. Since I couldn't get that, I saw this other Starport laser USB light on Amazon. So I guess you just plug this into either a laptop or you can plug it in just like you would a phone charger. It's post to cast like little stars on your ceiling. So we'll see. This wasn't too expensive. So I'm hoping it will work. It's such a cool concept to me that this is all in this little USB drive. This is literally it. It's like, took me two seconds. So let's see if it works. I'm like, actually, I really hope this works. Okay, it's not working. Hold on. Oh my gosh. Wait. Oh my gosh. Oh, it is like so bright in my eyes. Oh my gosh. Oh, it is like so bright in my eyes. I feel like I'm in a disco party right now. I love how this looks. And this is where it's plugged in wherever you point it. It just casts the stars. I'm like so entertained by this. I feel like I'm in another galaxy right now. I want to turn on my lights to see how it looks with these on too. Oh my gosh. This is so cool. This is such a vibe. I feel like on camera, it's actually like a little harder to see. I'm going to see you guys tomorrow because I'm waiting for my little album covers to be printed, which is the last part of this video, which I'm so excited for, because I think it's going to look super cool. I'll see you guys then. What's up party people? Ooh, this lighting is really bad. It's still bad. I promise this is the last day of video. I feel like I just keep flipping days, but we're onto the very last decor for the video. I see a lot of people have album covers plastered on their wall. And it looks so cool. So for some reason it keeps showing up, like on my Pinterest feed, my visco feed, this isn't necessarily like a super ticked talkie. Can't really just add that. This isn't a super ticked talk inspired decor item. I just think it's super cool. And since I'm kind of revamping my room anyways, I thought I would add this in. I don't have record player. I just rely on my Bluetooth speaker. Hence, I do not have any records. Or album covers. So I was like, how am I gonna do this? I have never really seen this done before. I just tried to think of a way where I could print my favorite albums and have them almost replicate an album cover and stick them on my wall. So I had this idea and I went into my local print store. Basically what they did was they printed a 12 by 12 photo of the album cover that I liked. They adhered it to a thin piece of foam board and then over top they laminated it. So in case you wanna do this, just tell them those instructions. I actually just got back from the store. This is what they ended up looking like. Oh, this is upside down. I feel like these just look so professional. It was such a cheap process. It was literally $15 for them to do all of these. I brought six photos to the store. So these are my other album covers. As you can tell I live Ariana Grande. I also have this dear society one. This song is a Bob. I also got this one. Literally my favorite song ever, Hot Girl Blummer. My plan is to stick them on each side of my wall. ["Hot Girl Blummer Blummer"] So I just put up the cover art. It looks so, you probably can hear what I'm saying. It looks honestly so cool. Even cooler than I hoped it would. I am like so happy with this. I also try to make sure that I arrange them in a way. So that the colors kind of complement each other. But if I'm sitting in my mirror here, you can even see them, which is just so cool. And you can even see the stars on me. I need to be lit, though. I cannot believe I just did that. TikTok has changed me. ["Hot Girl Blummer Blummer"] Well guys, I think I'm gonna do my outro here. This is so unnatural. Hold on, I'm gonna set it here. So yeah, that's gonna be all for today's video. I hope you guys liked it. This was so much fun. This like totally transformed my bedroom. And just having all the lights on at night, I've noticed it's just so much fun. And it puts me in such a good mood. Don't take this video too seriously. This was just for fun. I feel like I should make a TikTok now, actually. So you know what? I'll do that after this video. If you wanna follow me, I'll leave it linked below. I'm supposed to a lot of random stuff on there. If you follow me, you know. But I hope you guys enjoy. This was just super fun for me to make. If you guys have any other videos that you wanna see from me, definitely leave some requests down below. I'm gonna make a TikTok now. So I have things to do and places to be. Okay, I need to be a make a TikTok in my room. I love you guys. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.