 Hey guys, what's up? It said, oh my gosh, I think my socks are dirty. I'm sorry. Today's video, you know, we really out here in my apartment Why am I being so weird? Every time I go into Brandy Melville, I just have to restrain myself from buying things because I would spend Too much money in there, but today I'm just gonna let myself have fun I'm gonna let myself buy what I want and treat myself for myself But yeah, we're gonna be going to Brandy Melville. Sorry if I'm a little tired in this video I didn't have the best week, but you know turn that frown upside down, baby Let's go to Brandy I think that's gotta go wow, I look so You know what we're not even gonna talk about it. So I just got back from Brandy Melville. I'm all cozy Blanket. I don't even know why it's not even freaking cold, but I have my bag of stuff It's really heavy. I got more stuff than I even thought I was gonna get I have a lot to show you guys Let's just get into this Okay, I need to stop with the B sign. That's just like unnecessary So the first thing that I picked up actually, I don't know if this is the first thing. This is just There's no order Okay, first thing that I have is this really cute Krunek It just says Los Angeles on it with the American flag. It's super comfortable and cozy on when I tried this Not in the dressing room. I actually liked it a lot more on than what I just saw on the rack But this is super cute. It's also very soft on the inside. I really love how there's like a little color at the top You can pull down wait this is so fast to go right in white Santa better be proud. I Say how much I spent actually it's kind of embarrassing If I just say how much I spent is that like a weird to say I spent almost $400 There's really like not a good way to put it. It's just that I want to close Please be easy on me in the comments Don't attack me. It was just it was just a weak moment the next thing that I got I seriously love this if you guys know me I wear a ton of sweatshirts and hoodies. I also wore a lot of off-the-shoulder sweatshirts and jackets So I saw this cropped white one and it's super basic. It's literally just a white zip jacket It's just super comfortable. I really like this. It also makes me look tan Not really this next little sweatshirt I got is such an interesting color I don't think I've ever had a sweatshirt this color on camera I feel like you can't really tell as much the color of this Let me like tap the screen. Can you see now? It might look like a little more white on camera But this is actually like an off-the-yellow color. I just think it's such a cool unique color I literally have nothing like this and I really like how there's text on the side I just think it's super cute. It also has a little anchor here with some text on it the next thing that I got This is a very very basic piece But I feel like it just is really nice to have so I got this little gray tank top and it has little buttons in the front I have quite a few tank tops that are white like this So I thought it'd be nice to get a gray one I could see myself wearing this underneath this white zip up jacket and then have this like a little unzipped So it's like off-the-shoulder. You know what I'm saying? This next thing that I got is not clothes, but I thought this was so cool I have really only worn backpacks in school I've never been one to buy backpacks and wear them as like fashion slash Just wear them out in public to store some clothes or clothes who breaks clothes in public Basically, I got this backpack as like a replacement slash something that I can just switch out for my purse I think this is such a cute little bag It's so simple and it's definitely very casual the material is super soft And it almost it literally just feels like a sweatshirt in backpack form I just like the size of this how small it is and I can just throw it on Like that try to model this for you So this next thing that I got this is like a little floral crop top and it's black and white speckles You can't really tell that it's flowers if you like from far away distance, but up close They're flowers. Ooh, I have some bottoms to show you now. Finally. It's been literally all topped I picked up these shorts and what's funny is when I originally saw these in store I thought that they would be too big for me, but I decided to try them on anyways And they actually fit me very well The bottoms like do flare out quite a bit, but I realized that's just like the style of them These are so cute though. They're so comfortable I love how they say Los Angeles, California on the bottom I feel like every big and pretty mobile says Los Angeles or Mel do on it I do wish these had like pockets though I feel like that would have just upgraded these from like a 9.5 to a solid 10 out of 10 But you know, not everything is the way you want it So the next thing that I got this is a long sleeve t-shirt as you can tell Why do they mean to describe that? This is a t-shirt Long sleeve t-shirt and it says Venice. Why does it look like it says Venice? They like extended the V but then they also extended the E I really really liked the colors on this. It's just a super cute beach t-shirt I just really like having long sleeve t-shirts that aren't sweatshirts in case it's a little bit warmer And I don't want to like wear a huge bulky sweatshirt. I also got Like all of these are like sweatshirts. I like sweatshirts I saw this actually my mom saw this and she thought it was super cute and I have to agree This is another long sleeve t-shirt So I guess it isn't technically like a sweatshirt It's more of like a sweater material actually just says Los Angeles on it I just really like how there's like the little color added to it with like the little shapes I like how it's not super thick material. I also got in terms of pants these oh my gosh I actually just realized these are literally the same thing. This is like the same things as the short I got They both are like the same color in these both say Los Angeles with the same exact font I didn't even realize that till now. Oh my gosh, but these have pockets in them. I didn't even realize that okay We really upgraded these are just some long jogger pants. They are so so soft on the inside though. You can kind of see Actually, you definitely can't see they're very soft very comfortable just something to wear around the house Or honestly, sometimes I wear sweats like to target Stuff because I'm like too lazy to wear jeans. I just really love this color and obviously you can tell that I like that color Because I have the same exact thing in shorts. I also picked up this long sleeve oversized t-shirt It says maldaw on it and it's actually that same color as the pants and shorts that I just showed you or at least it's similar I don't know if it's exactly the same Close enough. It's definitely pretty long and oversized on me. I actually did DIY a shirt similar to this But I put Colorado on it a couple years ago, but that one. I think it's time is up. It's pretty stained It just needs to go. So this is like a nice replacement for that one Sometimes you just have to move on to bigger and better things and this is that thing I did also pick up a few pieces of jewelry. I really do love branding levels jewelry I feel like they have very like dainty pieces the first thing that I saw actually was this really cute little ring It has a little star moon on each end I really really like it. I really have been liking to wear rings recently sometimes I forget and I put it on my left ring fingers Then it looks like I'm engaged or married, but I promise I'm not either of those I also picked up this I actually see this every single time I go into Brandy and I always want to get it But I just haven't for some reason so I decided to pick it up today It's just this gold necklace and it has a little lightning bolt at the end I just think it's super cool. It's definitely different from most of the stuff that I have the last Oh my gosh, wait, where's the scratchy that I got? I sound like such a visco girl. I did also get a scrunchy, but I don't know where it is I don't know if I bought it actually. I did also pick up this adorable pair of earrings They're just these little cherries and I have nothing like this at all. They're really oh my gosh. They're really sweet Get it Okay, but yeah, that's pretty much everything that I got from Brandy that I want to share with you guys I hope this didn't come across like braggie or anything I feel like everyone does a disclaimer on their hauls like that I thought this would be super fun. I did want some new pieces and you close in my closet that we're just super comfortable and casual Brandy is like my go-to spot for that stuff I also just wanted to treat myself like I said I didn't really have the best week this week But I'm grateful that I was able to film this video and get it up for you guys and I hope this is fun I hope it was just fun to kind of shop with me. I really love hauls. I always love hauls If you like there's such an OG video. Also, if you do want to follow me on the gram I hate that I just said the gram if you want to follow me on Instagram I will leave that link down below But I think that's all for today. I am going to go hang out with my mom and soak up my last day with her before she leaves But I love you guys. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys You