 Hi guys, what's up? It's Sid. Welcome back to my channel. So today's video. Can I just say I've had this video in the works for Five months now basically ever since I moved into my apartment about nine months ago It's just like I never really finished decorating it. It's really bland and there's a lot of blank spaces like everywhere So that is why I did today's video. I'm taking the initiative to finish decorating my apartment Almost a year after I moved in this is going to be a visco themed room decorating video because I just really like this go things I like aesthetic things like that I've just been inspired and I have some really fun things I want to do Let me actually show you guys the before shots of my apartment So this is my bed area you can see that the wall is just super blank and then over here I have another blank wall and empty space first things first I'm going to spruce up my side tables There's literally just one little plant on each one and it doesn't look right my mom's just like yelling at me for like Five months to like do something, but I just haven't also before I start this video. Yes, I am wearing a mask Oh I like it. Oh my gosh. It's so pretty. Why did I get this sooner? Mom, you were right. Oh my gosh. Is the difference that makes? I love it Ta-da So now that I have the lamps up the next step is this wall I have had this empty spot since I moved in I finally figured out what I wanted to do I'm so excited because you guys want to know what's in that box Okay, I don't know if you do but it's a piano I decided to buy a keyboard. I used to play a lot when I was younger I played for quite a while and I've just been missing it recently So I went on Amazon and I got this actually funny story. I bought three pianos see I have two more Amazon like sent me the wrong one and then they said to it again on accent So then I have two I have been waiting for this for so long I'm so heavy Huh Where do I put it? Okay, so it's been like half an hour and to be honest the piano I'm I'm struggling I'm trying to set up the stand for it and I like cannot figure it out So I'm going to pause on that section and instead we're going to focus on this section So I basically ordered a chair on urban outfiters and I also ordered like a little side table and stuff So I'm going to set that up here But I have to take off the plant because I need to have a space for it So I'm going to just kind of reorganize this whole corner and make it like its own little seating area I think I'm gonna reheat his plant over there actually I don't know how to get this off the wall Okay, this is really hard Oh my gosh, this is so risky I'm nervous Firework I don't know how to get this chair out Oh My gosh, that looks so good sick of how Activated baby guys how cute does this look this totally like transformed this corner I'm trying to decide if I want the table on this side or this side. Let me see what this looks like I almost forgot it. I have to do the chair test I say it's a pass. It's comfortable. It's soft. Wow. I love this you guys I'm seriously obsessed with this little corner. I feel like I'm gonna be sitting here all the time now Hello guys, so it is now the next morning last night after I set up the chair I kind of just fell asleep and I didn't really plan to do that But it happens but right now I'm having it someone come over his name is Fernando He's helped me in the past and you super helpful because fire like can't put something up on my own He just helps me basically what we're gonna be doing is he's gonna be helping me mount these signs on my wall I found them on Amazon and I bought like the Prince to so that way I can put them inside This wall is just like so blank and I just haven't known like what to do with it So I saw this idea and I got to be super cute. I honestly forgot what it says like what I'll say because I literally ordered it so long ago Hi Fernando Okay, so kind of like this. Oh cool. So if you want them very good. Yep. I'm not gonna eat that I don't know if I wear a tooth though Oh, it's the same thing to me. Why did I do that? I don't know if you want them You could use them in your house It looks really beautiful but it's not mine. It's a great shot instead You know what it sounds like? What? It sounds like a shark tutu tutu The shark song? Yeah. Yeah There. Start there Hey, good. Pretty cool Hi mom. Okay, this is what it looks like That looks so that looks so good. Don't you think? Yeah Okay, so Natalie put up the little signs of my bed the next step that I'm going to be doing is making a Polaroid wall Basically, I got this really cool like moon mirror and I've had this idea for so long So Fernando is gonna help me mount the mirror because I don't know how to do that The moon mirror is placed. I decided to place it like off center So that way I can like put the Polaroids around it that I'm gonna do later. I'll show you guys We got the hard parts on now Fernando is actually be hanging my little plant because as you guys know earlier It was hanging on the side so he's basically putting the hook on the side and restring it Oh also he was able to figure out how to put the stand together so my piano is set up and it looks so cool So Fernando left actually just a little bit ago. He is so helpful. Thank you Fernando for coming through Now I'm going to resume the video and I'm going to work on my Polaroid wall. I kind of explained it earlier But basically I've had this idea for a while where I want to put Polaroids all around this moon mirror So these are all of the Polaroids I have basically I don't have an actual Polaroid camera So I took some pictures from my iPhone camera roll and I went on this website I forget what it's called but I'll leave it linked down below in case you want to do this too And then I put the pictures into the website and then I ordered them. I did do this like three months ago So I don't have pictures in here from like the past couple months But basically there's just some pictures of like me and my friends and my family And also just some like cute pictures that I found online I also have some like movie scenes and stuff because I just thought it'd be cute to add like some of my favorite music video scenes Or like movie scenes Who remembers this music video comment down below if you know what music video this is from This is the picture by the way that I am going off of. The Polaroids are basically all just bordering the mirror So I think I'm going to start like on the inside of the moon and like work my way out So after two hours I'm putting the Polaroids on my wall. I finally finished I am seriously about what they are. I'm so excited to show you guys Ta-da This is the wall and how it turned out. I am seriously in love with this you guys I loved it like even more than I thought I would This wall just makes me so happy the mirror. I think it's just such a cute touch because I feel like it kind of breaks it up a little bit And I just really really like it later I'm going to add like little notes or something I think on the bottom But I'm waiting for like these color pens I have to come in and then I'll like add that But while I'm waiting for the color pens to arrive from Amazon I'm going to work on my piano area. As you guys saw earlier it is set up. I'm so happy with it But I bought these really pretty butterfly like things that I wanted to secure They look like this and they're basically just going to like help add dimension to the wall Because I could have put like a painting or something but I just thought this would be really fun and different I'm so excited. I feel like this is coming along so well My apartment I feel like looks so different already I hate this. So the butterfly wall is done. It's honestly like kind of underwhelming I was really excited for it and like it's definitely cool But I definitely didn't order enough. I didn't know that in a pack there were only nine So I think I'm going to order another pack on Amazon Setting this up was the hardest thing I've ever done They kept falling. I just keep looking at it because I'm like scared they're going to keep falling I'm going to at this point. I'll just give it a knife for effort. So the next thing that I'm going to decorate Might seem like a little weird because it's not technically room decor But it's something that goes in your room and it just sits there So I figured why not decorate it and like make it cute basically I'm talking about my laptop I thought it'd be fun to decorate the top of it and add stickers because I've seen this done before And it looks super cute and very visco. I went to FedEx and I printed some more stickers on my Sticker paper I really prefer just printing on sticker paper because then I can choose exactly what I want Like whatever I want from Google Okay, so I now have these stickers cut out and I'm going to put them on my laptop. That's really no explanation So in hour later I finally finished the laptop This really reminds me of my water bottle because I did the same thing to my hydroflask and my other video I think it turned out really good and I think it's like very much my like style and my personality Because I think a lot of these things are like funny or just cute. I'm so happy with it Now I'm going to transition to work on a little board So basically what I'm going to be doing is I have a little cork board. It's a lot bigger than I anticipated I got it on Amazon basically what I'm going to be doing is I'm going to be making like a scrunchy holder Slash calendar slash decor board. I don't really know like what to title it The purpose of this board I feel like it's just very aesthetic to be honest I'm just going to stick it I think on my desk but aside from being like aesthetic It's honestly like a very convenient way to store your scrunchies. I did see this on Pinterest So I'm kind of like remaking it but like a little bit different These are the stickers that I'm going to be using and then these are the scrunchies that I laid out And then this is just the little planner that I'm going to mount So this is the final outcome. I think this is so cute you guys just for like honestly decor I just think it's so cool and different. It's also just such a fun way to like display your scrunchies I love this. I think it turned out so cute. So now for the last thing for my apartment transformation I am going to be writing on my polaroids Basically what I want to do is I want to add text to the bottom of each of the polaroids Like whether that be like the day it was taken or like who I was with I just think that would be super fun and super cute to like add to it to like spice it up a little bit So an hour later I finally finished the polaroid wall But this is what it ended up looking like to anyone who has like a wall that's blank in their room That wants to like spice it up. I definitely recommend this. I think it's such a cute and like fun way to display your pictures But here is the final look of my new apartment. I love the piano. I think it's so cute. Oh also Now we only have two butterflies left. You know what? Things don't always work out. Sometimes there's fails. This is one of them I love how this little corner turned out with the chair. I think it's so cute Especially with like the little fake cactus next to it. We have the scrunchy board, the laptop The signs that Fernando helped me hang and of course the polaroid wall I think this is my favorite part of the whole apartment if I had to choose But that's gonna be all for today's video. So I hope you guys liked it Sorry, I think it was like a little choppy because it was split up between different days It was just kind of a long process a lot longer than I thought it was gonna take. Make sure to follow me on Instagram And this go if you want to see like more pictures of my apartment because I am posting on there some pictures of things I decorated I'm gonna go to bed. I'm really tired. I love you guys and we'll see you in my next video. Bye guys