 Hi guys, it's said welcome back Where are my friends? Where are my friends? I don't know guys. I'm going drifting today And I'm doing a lot of other things so I thought I would take you guys with me today Vlogs like this are my favorite just cut chill and real vlogged because I like watching that stuff so hopefully you guys do too This was like a new car. It's don't stop. Do I get to see that? Do you want to try something? I have someone Okay, Corona season don't offer that Okay All right you guys got lunch. Well, we're like dinner dinner Okay, well you also like out the like 2 p.m. Oh my gosh. These are buckets of salads. They are Look how big that is. That's a bucket of salad that it like hold up to your head You know a bucket head well off. I'm you eating and then I'll just eat later Doing tick-tocks. I feel like I'm gonna get hit for like being car-shaming Basically, you're having road rage in LA. I'm so calm. I'm having road rage I'm just like quietly wondering why they didn't go like it was green You guys How to All right, we're going to Starbucks first We're supposed to go to a drive-thru one and in Krabi Mix it up. Okay, I'm I'm still here. I'm just so tired and I need to get energy in me right now immediately What do you give it out of 10? Be nice. It's a 10 Oh my gosh Shirt is from motel rocks Hands actually also from motel rounds chain is from amazon. What's that ring trove? What is that? Oh my gosh. Is it real cardie? Of course it is J-rag J-rag no j-rag J-rag Not too It's funny You're not gonna get it for me are you? Trying to put the face Hey guys, I just took a fat nap I'm going into like surf store. This is cost road. I'm manifesting good fine Just from what we can see right here. There's a lot I'm killing Oh I think mom got arrested I think this for bikers or something I'm home Oh my god, I'm winded Oh my god Hi Hi, I need to hi Oh no I'm just a face boy Can you teach her attack? Attack I'm back Now it's all time obviously I will say the one thing I learned from surfing in LA This time around is that maybe it's just the ones we went to but the stuff is pretty expensive for drifting I'm used to spending like five books on a shirt 10 bucks max and next bit like the lot more than that probably double So this was more like high-end thrifting I would say Starting off we're gonna start off at the first thrift store We actually went to two thrift stores and I got good stuff the first one is actually this hat that I'm wearing right now It's this trucker hat and I've been wanting a cool nice trucker's hat for a while Hey Hey guys, it's so I wanted to quickly take a break in this haul and tell you guys about today's sponsor Which is better help I was so excited when they reached out to me because if you saw I took a break on YouTube for a bit For the sole purpose of Focusing on my mental health that was the first time I took a break That was the first time I really put my mental health first and one of the main takeaways I had is that putting your mental health first is so incredibly important and That's why I really love better help so much because they prioritize that and they have really amazing services So better health is professional counseling done securely online It's not a self-help line. They will assess your needs what you're going through what you're looking for and Connecture the therapist so they feel can help you best It is considered to be more affordable than offline counseling and financial aid is also available It's super simple to change therapists if you do need to do that for any reason because they have a counselor network of Over 15,000 counselors You can start communicating within 48 hours if you want to you can Message your therapist anytime if you are interested in better help you can visit better help.com slash Sydney and get 10% off your first month Again, that's better H-E-L-P dot com slash Sydney and you can join the over one million people who are taking charge of their mental health with the help of an experienced professional The next thing I got is no, no, I'm not doing that. That's literally so annoying. I sound so fake every whole video I'm like the next thing I got the next thing I got it's just like too repetitive for me So I'm gonna try to switch up additionally. I purchased This mock neck collar tank top. It's really cute because it's like half button up and it has a little skeleton on the side It's kind of edgy, but I also just really love colored necks But again, like this I feel like at a normal thrift store would probably be like five bucks and this was 20 so thrifting in LA, I will say it's fun, but it's not thrifting prices at all I'm really obsessed with playboy stuff. I got this playboy tank top. It's sort of cropped. Yeah, I got this again It's $20 like I'm glad we spend $20 on a tank top anywhere else But a thrift store like you walk into expecting cheap also not checking out from there Got this little pin and it says it wasn't me because it's never me I'm never the problem in any situation. I'm always the innocent one at hand Anyway um Next I went to crossroads crossroads is a pretty thrift store in LA I don't think they have them in Minnesota where I'm from so the first thing I saw was this Pink oh So the first thing I picked up is this pink tie top thing um Here's the thing. I thought this was like kind of fun And then I felt it and it feels like swimsuit material But it's also from tiger mess which is a really good brand in my opinion and I really like the pieces So seeing the brand name there. I was like, oh, this would be fun to try. I don't know if this is swimsuit or not So I also saw this tank top on the way out and Actually, no, it's like a bra. What did I say that? It just says angel on it and I will admit it's like a little small for me. I don't really know if it's gonna fit well But I'll try this is from another brand. I really like called motel rocks Oh, I'm saying it like that The font I just think it's super cute and like edgy and fun So I'm gonna try to wear this with like a zip up, but I also don't know if that's gonna like be too risque for me I don't know. We'll see I think this is my favorite thing that I got and this is a red Letterman jacket. I just absolutely love it the color and the sleeves and like the bottom trim of it Have this red and white stripe pattern to them. It's just super sporty and vintage straightwear I would say and it's just kind of like the style I gravitate towards this one was actually I think this was $20. Yeah, this is $22. So it wasn't as expensive as like some of the other things were I also saw this it's this hot pink and orange sweater top. I think like both pieces like this are really fun for summer I really like it. I don't know what else to say Because I'm bad at halls. So that is my thrift haul. I hope you guys enjoyed watching. I'll see you in my next video Bye guys oh