 Good morning guys and welcome back. Oh wait, let me mic up. I've been wanting to thrift in New York ever since I moved here. I don't know what's taken so long because I've been here for like almost three months now. In my head, I feel like thrifting in New York is going to be a lead. It's going to have the best options. You know those girls that like will go to a thrift store and find the most perfect hidden gems? Like I just would never think of that or find them. So that's what I'm trying to do. I'm trying to be better. Sometimes I get impatient with thrifting and I'm trying to like fix that. That's why I love like thrifting online like you guys know I love thread up. But since I'm in New York I'm like I have to go thrifting here. It would be a crime if I didn't. So the first place I want to go with you guys is called Housing Works. I've walked by this place so many times and I think it's like a smaller thrift store. So I'm going to have their first. Ever since I moved into my studio apartment I have to be so selective with anything that I buy because I have very limited space. I have to really make sure I love something before I just buy it. Which honestly is probably good for me. It's really helped me with self control. It makes me buy less clothes. Air pods in and then no one talks to me. Sorry is that like rude? I don't know. Okay so I just went to the first thrift store. I got a few things I'm going to show you guys. But now I'm going to go to this next one called Beacon's Closet. Okay so I ended up getting two really fun items from Beacon's Closet. What are the odds that there's a crossroads right next to the thrift store that I'm going to? So random. I just like to look across and like wait that's also a thrift store. Um I decided to take a little stop at home because well there's two reasons. One you guys know there's no bathrooms. So anytime I have to go to the bathroom I usually just have to like come home. And then I was also hungry so I got a burrito. I hate it on camera like a lot. I've kind of turned it to a mukbang hater. I did actually find quite a few good pieces. I was super impressed with the thrift stores though honestly. A lot of them were really expensive but I did find a few things and I wanted to show you guys them before I continue my thrifting because I think after this I'm going to go to Brooklyn. Okay so the first place I went to I forget. Wow then I already forget what it's called. So this was the first store I went to. It wasn't super big and I noticed they had a lot more kind of a lot of antique dishes. They had like furniture in there just kind of a plethora of things but they still had clothes too. Also I just need to know the employees were really nice here. You guys actually probably saw me trying these things on. Um I ended up getting two of the clothes. The first one I'm so excited about it's this long sleeve blue and white sweater. It's from the store called and other stories. I've heard of the store a lot recently now that I moved to New York. Like a lot of girls seem to love it that I met. This is really good quality and just feel how thick it is. I'm really excited about this. I'm going to be wearing this probably a lot. I want to tell you guys the prices of everything because I feel like that's kind of a big part of thrifting. Obviously like you thrift so you can get good deals. And to be honest none of this was cheap. Like this sweater was $20. I don't know it's not like the bust deal but it's not the worst. Then I got this. I'm going to a Christmas party tonight and should I vlog it? Maybe it will. I thought this would be perfect for it. It's this burgundy sequin tank top. This is so dainty and feminine it caught my eye like right when I walked in the store. The only thing is it's a size bigger than my usual size but when I tried it on it was fine. I think it's because two the straps are adjustable so. Okay the last thing that I got from here might even just like be my favorite. It's a little mug. I did not expect to buy a mug in here but I saw this and I couldn't resist. It's this tomato soup mug and it has the recipe for tomato soup on it. They had other mugs actually similar to this with different recipes on it. Okay this next thrift store I went to I'm kind of like I kind of hate it. I don't mean to me harsh. It was so overwhelming in there and I feel like I always say everything's overwhelming but like they didn't really have a good setup. Like everyone was just kind of shoved together. Also Beacon's closet is definitely the most expensive. I would classify this as more of like a vintage store. I saw this IMG crop hoodie and I love IMG. I thought it was fun. It's very Y2K, Juicy Couture coated and this was $16 so not that bad. Oh my god wait you guys are going to love this sweater I think. I honestly like I love it so much that I want to save this for my daughter. This doesn't happen very often for me but every once in a blue moon. I'll find a clothing item that I love so much that I want to save for my daughter. I don't I like what we have in kids for a while but sometimes I just see something and I'm like I need to save this for her. I feel like this is one of them. It's this embellished bow sweater. Let me like lay it out and show you guys. Is this not the most precious sweater you've ever seen? The bows are so sweet. It's made of these little faux pearls and the neckline even has some detailing I think this is a really special sweater. I did just notice this though that kind of sucks. There's like a stain on it. I feel like it might be kind of weird that I do that. Is that strange to save pieces when you don't even have a child yet? I don't know. The last place I went to was Crossroads. They definitely had the most affordable pieces but I didn't like see as good of a selection there. So the only thing I got from them was this Maxi skirt. This is a knit Maxi skirt and it has buttons down the front. It looked really cozy and I've been wanting to wear more Maxi skirts with like black boots. That's everything that I got so far but I'm gonna head to Brooklyn now because I was researching, researching on TikTok that doesn't even. I feel like researching in TikTok just don't belong in the same sentence. But I was looking on TikTok and people were saying that some of the best thrift stores are actually in Brooklyn. I live in Manhattan so I'm gonna be taking the train there. But Okay so I made it to Brooklyn. This place that I'm going to is called Ten Feet Single. I'm going here because apparently Bella Hedee really likes this place and goes here a lot so anything Bella does. I guess I do. It's like literally the main thing that made me want to come here. It's to be honest. I kind of have this problem where I underestimate the time for everything. Whether I'm like going somewhere or like I have to do something. I just assume like oh it'll only take me like 10 minutes and then it takes me like an hour. Anyways I did make it back though. I don't even know if it was worth it guys like I'm kind of sad. I feel like I hyped this place up in my head. Mostly because Bella Hedee goes there. And I can see why I think they have a really big selection. It's definitely not thrifting though at all. Like everything was expensive. Even on the bag they say it's a vintage clothing store. So let's just get that out of the way. This one is not a thrift store and the price is reflect that. Also I changed by the way. This is the top that I got earlier today because I'm going to a Christmas party and I'm trying things on. Anyways the first thing that I got is this camel cronac. I know this might seem like kind of random. Camel's been trending I feel like. The first month that this camel kind of style came back. I just kept seeing people wear it and I was like I don't like it. I don't like it. But then things changed. And then one day I just randomly liked it. So this was like 30 or 20 bucks. I still don't even know if it's ugly. My mom would be like that's what are you wearing. This next thing though I think is so so cute. I tried so many things on and just nothing was working for me. But this thankfully did. I don't know what the C stands for to be honest but it just kind of gives me like academia college letter block sweater. Hi. Hi. Do you like this? Yeah I do. Thank you. For fun. Do you like it? I do. You do? Oh my god. We like it. We like it. Wait I'll show you guys the other one that I got too. Yeah that's the University of California. Oh. Okay. Okay I'm gonna do my makeup so fast like so quick. Mostly because I just don't have time. I feel like I'm always running around like why don't I manage my time better than this wouldn't happen. I don't want to do for my makeup tonight. I always do the same thing. And I hate being predictable. You guys know this. So boring to be predictable. You guys know I've like talked about the whole moving to New York making friends thing. And it's been honestly it's not been too bad. I feel like I've met some really cool people. A lot of it just like being mutual friends. So yeah tonight I'm going to this girl. Her name is Ashley. She's having like a little Christmas party. I'm sure actually some of you guys probably know who she is but her and her sister are still fun and I'm just excited. They said in the invite it's like dress however you want. So. Guys should I wear this? So I changed into that bow sweater that I was showing you guys earlier. I think this is better because it's warmer and it's also kind of holiday. I feel like with the bows on it. Oh wait maybe I'll leave that stand out. I'm tired. Like honestly it kind of takes a lot for me to go out these days. So okay let's go. Hey we're back. Are you guys swimming? Wait do you guys like our hats? Wow! You're going to go find some? Yeah. You want one hand? Oh she's she you could take somebody.