 We're going thrifting today. Hey guys, it's Sid. Welcome back. I love shopping. I think we know this by now. I was gonna place a huge online order and do like revamping my wardrobe thing that everyone seems to do. And then I was like, you know what? No. I need to stop spending money. This is 2021. I'm trying to save money. I'm trying to be cost efficient. So I thought it'd be fun to go thrifting. I haven't filmed a thrifting vlog. I feel like I'm so long. I thought I'd take you guys with me. So let's see what we can find. Okay. This is pretty bad. Oh my gosh, this angle sucks. Okay. Why? Like, no. So I thought I would take you guys with me. And we can go thrifting together. Step number one is find a thrift store near me. Thrift store near me. Okay, goodwill of Orange County. I think I'm feeling goodwill. The thing with thrifting is it's such a hitter miss. Sometimes I find like 20 good things and then sometimes I walk out with literally nothing. Oh my gosh, I'm really risking it all guys. This camera is massive. What are the odds? I get kicked out for filming. I'm gonna guess one in 10. No, I'm gonna guess four in 10 at least. You know how I was saying thrifting can be like a hitter miss. Unfortunately, I feel like this time it's a miss. You don't understand how badly I want to buy this. Like, would I ever use it? Probably not. Why did I spend so long in there? It's dark outside now. Uh, that was probably the dumbest thrift trip of my life. I bought some very weird things. Um, but we'll get to that later. I tried. Like, I really tried. I went down every freaking aisle. I didn't find many good things. I really gave it my all. I feel like a failure. I'm not giving up just yet. I'm gonna go to another thrift store if any are still open and try to find some more cute things. All right, thrift store number two. I'm now at Chick-fil-A. I go here like four times a week so it's been a long day of thrifting. So, you know what? I figured I should reward myself with all my shopping. That logic makes no sense. I just want Chick-fil-A, so I'm trying to like justify it. So yeah, I decided to make the executive decision to get Chick-fil-A. I hate eating on camera. Please don't watch me do this. I don't know what it is. Muckbangs bother me. I hate watching people eat. I feel like I'm not a pretty eater. So that's why I don't really like to eat on camera much. Well, I get the same time as it really cares. Anyways, I'm gonna go back and show you guys everything that I got from my thrift haul. Obviously, I want to show you guys the things I got. The first thing I need to just show you and my roommate at the same time. I told Maddie when I got home, I'm like, Maddie. Like, can you come in my room for two seconds? Because this shirt is like the best shirt I've ever gotten. Like, why did I get this? It's cool. Oh, it's crystal. I don't know. What? Keep calm. It's crystal's quinceañera. Guys, it's Maddie. All right, wait, af. It's kind of sad. Like, whoever went to his crystal's quinceañera and like is over it now, they're like, I don't really care. Like, what if crystal's falling out with someone? And like, that's why they brought it to goodwill. So that's why I bought this shirt. It has a story. It has meaning. I don't even know the story though. Like, who knows? What if it was like crystal herself? She's like, I hate that quinceañera. How much do you spend on that? How much I spend on this? Yeah. $30. There are people. There's not crystal's quinceañera. That was kidding. There's $2.99. Oh my god. You think I would spend $30 on crystal's quinceañera? That was my first purchase. I really don't know. Like, I just like, I don't really have an explanation. I just thought it was the funniest thing ever. And I had to get it. The next thing I got is this pair of sweats. And these are actually juicy couture sweatpants. I love Y2K stuff. As you can see, by my wall, by me. And they're just so soft and so comfortable. You can see it just says juicy tour and purple right here. I love Y2K stuff. I think this is like the perfect pair of Y2K pants. So I was really happy to see these. They might be a little long for me because I'm really short. I feel like I'm used to it. So like, it's all right. I also picked up this skirt. And I know. I know it looks short. I like how it's plated. Just remind me of a schoolgirl skirt. When I was in public school, I never had to wear school uniforms, but I always wanted to. And I feel like that's kind of weird. So this kind of reminds me of that. The next thing I got, I really messed up. I thought this was like a swimsuit cover up skirt. And it actually is just a normal skirt. It's actually really awkward because now I just don't think it's cute. I thought it was just this tie in the front. And then there wasn't any material here. So that way when you're wearing a swimsuit, it just covered up. But it's actually like a legit skirt. So like, this isn't now what I thought it was. Yeah, I just probably won't ever wear this. I also picked up. Sorry. No, that's okay. Popcorn! When you roommate makes you popcorn, I also got this pair of pink tie-dye shorts. I really like to sleep in shorts rather than pants because I get very hot for some reason at night. Yeah, like it's just like, it's a big no. Never ever ever sleep in pants. I was aggressive, but like, I just, I have to do shorts. These just look really comfortable, honestly. I feel like tie-dye was kind of a trend last year. I really liked tie-dye. And if I'm just wearing them at night, it's like, not that deep. Oh, I feel like when other YouTubers do like, thrift hauls, they're like so aesthetic and cute. And I have some aesthetic things, but then I also have some really freaking weird things, like that shirt. So I got these shorts. Ooh. Ha ha ha ha ha. I really love it. And if you want to guess, do you want to guess why I got them? I got them because they look like the shorts. They got real of war and high school musicals too. Oh. Yes, they do. They do. They're like the exact freaking same pair because I watch the movie every week. Do they? Do they? They're the exact same pair. And will I ever wear these? Probably not. Maybe one day I'll just like her on Halloween and they'll come and hand me. This next one's like a little bold. I feel like I'm trying to be more bold with fashion, but I also really don't like, I don't really know why I thought this was. In the moment, I thought it was cute, but I also don't know if it's because I saw a girl holding it and then she didn't get it. So I was like, oh, I should get it. That's like toxic of me. That's like my toxic trait, buying things that people consider buying. It doesn't look good. Like I thought it was kind of like, it could be cool, like a black tank under it. I don't know. It's basically this sheer leopard print zip up. It's so cool because it's see through so you could wear like a black tank under it. I feel like it could be cool if it's styled right, but you have to be careful maybe with like yoga pants or maybe I will never, ever wear this. I don't go back to goodwill. That's awkward. Imagine I like to get back. I feel like I have a lot of hoodies because I do and I really don't eat anymore. Like my closet is bursting full of hoodies at this point. I saw these too and I feel like I don't have them in these colors. Oh my gosh. It's like so bad. My mom's gonna watch us and be like, stop. I got this blue crew neck and it just says Arizona tile. I don't even know like what that means. It's just like the perfect size. I really love oversized stuff like this. I really love cobalt blue recently. I feel like cobalt blue is gonna be a trend in 2021. I'm predicting it now. I also got this hoodie. This one is purple. There's like literally nothing on it. It's so plain. But I thought it'd be really cool if I could iron on transfers. On to this. If you don't know what that is, you can like iron on pictures you find from Google or text and stuff like that. So maybe I'll like do a little DIY. I don't know. I don't really do well with DIYs. I aspected up this green checkered skirt. I feel like I don't wear a lot of green. I just love the color to this. I think it'd be super cute with like a white crop top or something. And I also feel like this is like a very springy skirt. Springy skirt. If why did I just say springy skirt? I mean this is a spring like shirt skirt. I mean it's a spring like shirt. Anyways, I got a skirt. Um, I also got this. And this is a cow poly cropped kru'nek. I just love how it's a v-neck. And I also really love how it's cropped right here. Oh yeah, I also got this gray t-shirt that's really, really oversized on me. But that's what I like. I love oversized stuff. This is like the most plain thing I could have gotten. It's so basic. I got it because I just really needed more sleep shirts and I really like how big this is on me. I need to have something on it. It's breathable. And I, and this is a good night trip. I also bought these slippers very impulsively. I just like felt them and they're so soft. It's like a cloud. I really don't even need new slippers. Like I have like three pairs. But they're still cute. Okay, so those were all the clothes that I got. You my feet. Never showing them again on camera. I'm not ending up on wikifee ever again. That was really fun. I hope you guys liked this little thrift haul. I love thrifting. This was definitely kind of a weird thrift trip. Half of these items were just like a joke. I hope you guys liked thrifting with me. Somehow I was end up filming at 1am and I don't know why. I'm gonna go to bed. But I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching. I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys. Wait, is that it? Oh my gosh. I thought that was a freaking crack in my lens. That was about to cry. You should've thought it was a false alarm.