 Hey guys, it's Sid and welcome back. Let's first have a look at this. One of my new years resolutions is to become a better thrifter. I'll see these girls on TikTok and they'll show the cutest pieces that they find when they thrift. They're just little hidden gems and I just want to be like that. I want to be the girl that people ask, where did you get that top? It's so unique, so cute and then I just say, I thrifted it. So we'll see, you know, would I say I'm a bad thrifter? No, but would I say I'm a good thrifter? I don't know, that's a stretch. I do believe thrifting is an art, I believe it's a skill, and I am trying to improve that. So I thought I'd go to a few different thrift stores today, ones that I haven't been to. Also, do you guys like my shirt? Fun fact, I don't care. It's sassy and I'm pretty sassy, so I thought it worked. I get this into my room, I like your mind. I'm so much taller. Looking at you guys, could I just have a strawberry refresher please? Guys, what if I just get so bearish? The bracelet was looking at my car and she saw that I had a vlog camera and she was like, oh, you do look like influencer vibes. And I just didn't know what to say, so I just didn't respond. Do you ever do that when you don't mean to be rude? I was kind of just like, I didn't know what to say. My first stop is the classic goodwill. For some reason, the only thing I'm finding are long-sleeved shirts. Like, I have like five different long-sleeveds in my courtroom. I don't think I've ever been in a thrift store that's that busy before. For some reason, I got like, strictly long-sleeved shirts there. That was like the only cute things that they had to me. Obviously, I'm going to show you guys everything at the end in a little haul, but we have more places to go. The next thrift store I'm going to go to is this place called Style Encore. It's kind of more of like a high-end thrift store, so things are definitely a little bit more pricey there than like a goodwill, but they do have some really cute pieces there. I've shopped there since I was really young. I don't know why. It's so hard for me to find pants in thrift stores. So again, I got all tops. I'm going to make the mission for this next thrift store to be not just tops. This next thrift store I've actually never been to before, which I feel like is fun to just try somewhere new. And I'm determined to buy bottoms in here. It's getting dorthy, but I kind of want them, even though their children's eat. I need these. I think I actually got pants. The owner was so nice. I felt really bad because I told him I had never been there before when I was checking out. And I was like, I love your store. This is my first time here. You guys have such cool things. And he was like, oh, thank you. The guy yesterday that went on my Google reviews gave me a one-star and said our selection sucked. And then he just went off. So we're back. I have all of my bags. You know what that means? It's whole time. I dig it a lot of different things that I feel like I don't own, which is nice. Since I went to Goodwill first, we're going to just start out with them. The first top that I got is this long sleeve, red and dark navy striped top. It kind of gave me Tommy Hilfiger vibes. Next I got this. This one's definitely a lot different than anything I have. It's this heavier, almost blazer cardigan. What I really liked about this is that it has this lace lining to it. It adds a really nice feminine touch. And I just, I love neutral colors, white and black. In the blazer section, they had this nude one. This is definitely a blazer. It's honestly more of like a buttoned up top because it is kind of thin. I like the nude color. And this is just something that seemed like a really good staple that I could wear with a lot of things. I'm just worried about the shoulders. Let's see. Oh, okay. The shoulders aren't bad. Oh, okay. Actually, I really like this. I was a little concerned. Sometimes blazers right here because they have this padding. It just looks really bulky. And then the last thing I got is seriously so dumb. But not dumb, but like I just, there's really no reason for me to get this. Considering I have a hundred hoodies, it's a blue hoodie. There is nothing on it. No text, no graphics. It almost looks like there used to be some sort of something here. That honestly makes it worse. It's like, it like scratched off or something. There's really no reason for this. But I will be wearing it a lot. So moving on to style encore. This is a thrift store that I was kind of saying has a little bit more nicer items for a little bit higher of a price compared to a normal thrift store. The first thing that I saw when I was in there was this oversized knit sweater. On my Pinterest, I've been pinning a lot of stuff like this, especially kind of like off the shoulder knit see-through sweaters that you can wear like a tank under or something. Even especially with like the cargo pants I'm wearing right now, that's such a cute outfit. I don't know what it is with stripes and Tommy Hilfiger, but I got this striped shirt. This is from the brand Tommy Hilfiger. I kind of accidentally put together an outfit when I was there. I have been wanting to get a vest recently, especially like being home in Minnesota. And I love this white cream color. It's super warm, super puffy. It's like a marshmallow. So I saw this and then I was trying to figure out what I would put under it. And then I saw this. I got yet another long oversized sweater. This is a cold-walt-blue color and it's a v-neck. And then as I was about to check out, I forgot that they had like accessories there and I saw the scarf which I just loved. I absolutely love it. I think it's so cute, so pretty. And especially with the vest, I feel like this just goes perfectly together. So you may be seeing something on my Instagram of me in that outfit. So moving on to the last thrift store. This was the thrift store that I had never been to before, so I was just kind of like unsure of what I would find. I also was really, at this point, I was really mad at myself because I had only purchased long sleeve tops and I felt like, you know, I need to expand. And I did just that. I stuck to my plan. So the first thing I picked up is this black purse. I'm a fan of shoulder purses. I feel like that's just what is most comfortable on me. I also recently broke my black shoulder bag so I needed anyone. If you could entail, fin-trist, fintrist, fake Pinterest. Pinterest is where I get a lot of my fashion inspo, but I've been seeing a lot of these like really, I don't know if they're like micro-scars, they're just these really thin skinny scarves. Definitely more of like a fashion accessory than actually for comfort. So I saw this one at the thrift store. The bottom has like these cute little tassels and I feel like this with the right outfit I feel it could be really fun. I was super excited when I saw these. I did get a pair of pants. Okay, I did. I am shocked beyond belief. First of all, I loved the brand Made Well and I saw that they had some jeans from Made Well. These are kind of like a lighter wash, jean. They almost look like a boyfriend's mom jean. They called the perfect summer jean and this is my size. When I was leaving, I saw that they had a display of jewelry and I think they were selling them for like two for $10 or something. The first necklace I got is cross-pended necklace. I've been wearing a lot of gold recently and I kind of want to switch it up to wear more silver. The other necklace I got is this one. This is truly unlike any piece of jewelry I own, which is why I wanted it. It's this beaded necklace. They're kind of different pink, tope shades. That's basically everything that I got. I feel like I did do pretty good. I found a lot of things that I do really like and I'm really excited to wear. I post every Sunday so make sure to put your notifications on. I think that's still a thing. Notifications, like I'm pretty sure. But I love you guys and I'll see you at my next one. Bye guys.