 Today I become a Visco girl. Hi guys, what's up? It's Sid. I don't know if you guys know about the app called Visco. You probably do if you clicked on this video. Basically if you don't know, Visco is an app where you can edit your pictures and you can also post them on there. Basically it's just a very aesthetic app. There's a ton of cute pictures on there. And there's these girls known as Visco Girls, where basically you are just very aesthetic and tumbler. I thought I would try to be a Visco girl for a day because why not? I actually went on my Instagram stories a couple days ago and I asked you guys for video requests. And this was like the number one video that you guys wanted me to see. I got so many requests for it. So today I'm going to be doing some of the things that Visco girls do. There's a few steps you need to follow to be a Visco girl. By the way, I do have a Visco and I never really talk about it. But if you do want to follow me, I'll leave a link to download if you guys like want to see pictures of my life or like from the video or something. I think the number one place that Visco girls shop is Brandy Melville. That's just like such a Visco girl style. I'm going to start out the video by going to Brandy Melville. Get an outfit that's very Visco-y. It's crazy. Hi. My strawberry kiss and you know what I'm wearing in there. I go fly through the wind. Bye. You gotta stop by. So I just got back from shopping. So I wanted to do a little haul of things that I picked up. I went to a few different stores and I'll kind of like talk you guys through what I decided to choose for my Visco girl outfit. So the first one I went to was Brandy. I see a lot of girls on Visco wearing like oversized vintage t-shirts. So I decided to pick up this one. It just says chill since 1993. Even though I wasn't even alive in 1993 but it's okay. I'm going to wear some jean shorts with these that I already have because they didn't really have any ones that I liked at Brandy. The other thing that Visco girls seem to love are these like shell necklaces. So when I was at Brandy I saw one and I like it. The only thing I didn't really like is how there weren't a ton of shells but I bought it anyways and then I went to Urban Outfitters and they had one that was a lot better and was like way more shells on it. So now I have two. I don't know either. I definitely like this one more though. I feel like it's going to look a lot better on. I originally went to the crock store and I wanted a white pair of crocks just like a plain white pair but they didn't have any of my size. So I decided to go for the other Visco girl shoe which I feel like is a Birkinstock. And for some reason I guess I have the worst luck with shoes because they didn't even have real Birkinstocks. They only have these like knock off white mountain fake ones. So yeah I got these. They're also a little bit small but desperate times call for desperate measures. Oh and then also the other thing I cannot really show you which is the last thing is my Fiel Raven bag. Please don't hate on me. I definitely said it wrong but this is a very Visco Tumblr bag if you guys haven't seen these and I've never had one but I think the pig one is really cute. But yeah I'm going to change into my Visco outfit. I'm super excited. So I will see you guys when I'm a Visco girl. I'm a Visco girl. I feel such Visco vibes. Can you feel the Visco vibes through your screen because I feel them. So this is what my outfit looks like. As you can see I'm wearing the sandals. I decided to also put a scrunchy on my wrist because that's a very Visco girl thing to do. And then I also have them on the necklaces you guys can see. It's just very beachy vibes and then also with my little jean shorts that I already had. Step one, Visco outfit is complete. But now that I have my outfit on I'm going to do my hair and makeup and I feel like Visco girls really don't do like super intense makeup at least from like what I've seen. I think I'm just going to do really like light natural face of makeup. I'm falling from head over toe. I feel like I'm in a Visco girl. I feel a bit too shy. I finished my makeup a little bit ago but right now you know I'm drinking out of my Starbucks cup and this is a great cup but this is not Visco approved. But it's more Visco at least I personally feel like is the infamous Hydro Flask. These are just so iconic on Visco. I see so many Hydro Flask and I've also seen a lot of girls decorate their Hydro Flask with these little cute tumbler stickers. So basically what I did was I found some cute little stickers online and I printed them out on some sticker paper and I'm going to cut these out and put them on my water bottle. So it's now an hour later and I just finished my water bottle. I love this guys. You all have to try this if you want to be a Visco girl. Try this DIY. It's actually pretty easy. Look how like tumbler and Visco this is. So yeah these are my stickers. I have like the good vibes. I have the waves. A scrunchy, some stars. I think my favorite part is this. It's soldier voice tweet and it says in this world you either crank that soldier boy or it cranks you. I just think this is the funniest thing ever whenever I read his quote saying this. I just die. I have that. I just have other like random butterflies and just cute little things on here. Wow I feel like such a Visco girl right now. But right now I'm actually going to be going to the beach with my friend Alexa and we are going to be penny boarding because penny boarding is a very Visco girl activity. So yeah I'm running late. So let's go. Let's go girl. Girl. Girl's in action. Oh. So Alexa and I are currently driving to Venice and we're about to penny board. I'm so excited. Penny boarding is so Visco. Alexa do you want to see what I made today? Yes. That's very Visco. This is my Visco fine. We're friendly and traffic. Oh my god that's so cute. That is so Visco girls. Do you know the world you eat? Oh wait. In this world you eat there. I can't talk. In this world you either crank that soldier boy or cranks you. And that's the thing. Okay guys. So we made it to the beach. This is so pretty isn't it? It's so pretty it's golden hour. We have our, we look so basic. We have the backpack. Okay. No. Being a Visco girl is hard. Hard and there's just not much time. We're going to take some pictures because that's what Visco girls do. Oh my gosh this is hard bro. This is really difficult. I'm nervous. You're a V guy. It was Visco girl season. Bye for season. Go ahead. What? Look for it. But poor Jets so I can be blurry. Okay. I'll just get it. Wow. Okay. Okay. Okay. What a first thing is that. The S.C. Oh. What is that stamp for? Visco girl season. Okay guys. So we just got done with Venice. The sunset and it was actually really fun. But. It was so much harder than I anticipated. But Alexa what would you rate that on a scale of 1 to 10 Visco wise? How Visco he was that? That was like a 9.5 I would say. But now we're going to go with dinner because Visco girls got to eat. All girls got to eat. I don't know where I was going with that. So it is now the next day after my Visco video. We got back pretty late last night from Venice and then I just went to bed. So I thought I would show you guys how I would edit one of my pictures because I do get a lot of like requests for that. And since this is a Visco video it's the perfect time. So I'm just using this picture that I took yesterday at the beach. Of course how I edit my pictures are going to change based on the picture and the lighting and stuff. But this is like generally what I like to do. So first off I'm starting in Lightroom. If you guys don't know what Lightroom is it's a really good editing app for your photos. So what I like to do is I like to go to the light settings first. And I like to usually bring up the shadows in this photo. I'm like super dark because of the sunset behind me. So I'm bringing it up quite a bit. And then I'm also bringing up the exposure a little bit just to line it up. And then I like to go to effects and there's a little dehaze bar. I don't really know what this does but I think it like clarifies your picture. So I just like to bring that up just a little bit usually about 10 or 15. That's pretty much all I do in Lightroom actually. It's very quick. And then I just save it to my camera roll. And then I just import that edited photo from Lightroom. I did buy some filters on Visco. I think a while back so I'm not sure which ones like you have to buy which ones you can just use for free. I really like the C1 filters. So what I like to do is I apply that but I only apply it at like four or five. And then I save that to my camera roll and then re-import that edited photo. And then I'll put another filter on top of that but again only at half of the intensity. I usually really like the F1 filter. That's one of my favorites. So I just apply that at like level five or four. And yeah, that's pretty much what I do. Sometimes I'll go back in Lightroom and like lighten it up a little bit more if it still needs to be brightened. I guess I just kind of wanted to quickly show that with you guys because I do get a lot of questions on that. And I feel like this is like the perfect time to talk about that since this is a Visco girl video. But yeah, it's gonna wrap up the video I think. Thank you guys so much for watching. If you guys do want to follow me on Visco, I leave a link to it down below. I haven't posted a lot on there recently. I just think it's so much fun and I love the app. Also, if you guys do want to follow me on Instagram to see like the pictures we took, I leave it linked down below. But I love you guys so much and I will see you in my next video. Bye guys.