 Good morning guys! Let's hope my flight doesn't get canceled! It's only for one year ago. So I just woke up, five minutes ago. I'm supposed to fly today, but we have had a snow storm and my flight cut canceled at yesterday too. I'm with my dad. Hi. I'm flying high here. It plays this into ice and blues. Tim. Good morning you guys! And welcome back. So I think you kind of know how today's going so far considering the fact that I am drinking a Celsius already. I'm gonna kind of do my intro while I'm doing my makeup because I'm running late. My original idea for this video was to show me traveling. I fly a lot. I'm on planes all the time. Especially because I live in Minnesota. I'm like back and forth during here in California every month or two. I am one of those people that really likes the airport. I like the airport aesthetic. I like the hustle and bustle of the airport. I love getting on a plane. You know what? The more that I stay out loud, I really don't know why I like it. I feel like I haven't really seen a video where someone takes the vlog throughout their whole travel day. You know what? It's definitely on YouTube. I just haven't seen it. So I'm claiming its originality here. Just kidding. I'm gonna get hate for that. So today's our 10th of January is as follows. I'm supposed to fly from here to Chicago. And then I just fly from Chicago to Orange County. I was actually supposed to live yesterday. And then they canceled it. You guys already saw by the beginning of this video there has been a snow storm. So currently my flight is delayed. It was supposed to leave like an hour too earlier than it is. And since I have a layover if they delay it anymore, I'm gonna miss my flight. Today's gonna be honestly fun because it's like there's quite literally this could go many different ways. It's kind of unpredictable. And that's what is fun about it. It's actually not fun at all. I'm just gaslighting myself so I don't get stressed out. I kind of have to try because I've already missed two days of class. Like my first two days of class. My flight got canceled twice already. Alright guys, we're in this together. I don't know it's getting closer and tighter and tighter than you were running through the airport. I called this. Just had to say it. Spoiler alert. I did it up running through the airport. I'm like mom, I'm 100% not right. Just go. Just go. After talking it through, I decided to test my luck and go. And this is what happened. You know there aren't many issues right now. One of the issues in my flight but the other is just getting out of our neighborhood. Because they forgot to plow. So my dad had to shovel our street. Whoa. Oh wait, I don't want to get... Oh my god. Alright dad, dad, slow down. I don't want to go into the river. Yeah but I don't want to go into the river. It's not a river, it's a lake. Whatever. I can push it. I'd rather push it unless it gets into the lake. Okay. It becomes fun to push the car. I've got stuck. I don't want to have to do it. What? Thank you. Guys, we made it. Well actually I spoke too soon. We still have time. We gotta order our neighbor. Hello. Oh you got it. Just like Donald and Sue. Okay. I made it. Let's see what happens. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. Oh my god. You're not going to do this. I'm not going to do it. Just like Donald and Sue. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. This is not going to be the thing. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. Okay, I made it through security the most stressful part because people are just yelling at you and now I'm going to my gate I actually got in 10 minutes. I love vlogging in the airport because everyone just like is like What if I just like make weird looks at them like Thank you The lights were good in here. Wow It's a thing I was coming my louvers have 20 minutes long because I pushed it back again I feel like I shouldn't have more stress but oh well Thank you And here I am running through the airport my flight literally means in 10 minutes and I think I'm gonna miss it you guys It's 3.47 in my flight. I leave that 4 p.m. Why is it like funny? I wish I wasn't she Subheritone Everyone's sharing it This is low for me Yeah, oh I did Just for me. Oh my gosh, wow Wow, thank you Thank you They were so nice they actually I Guys I made it home. I truly cannot believe I made it today I took off my makeup put on some sweats and I'm probably just gonna try to relax tonight Especially after the long travel day that I've had so I just made myself some tea shout out Christina for my Tom Cruise mug Some of you guys might know this but I play piano and I took a break for a while So I'm trying to get back into it and I just like to do a before bag because it is therapeutic and it's just fun honestly I Have been thinking about doing a video all about my updated skin care routine Well, let me know if you guys want to see that my skincare time is always changing And me my roommates have this little Sound box and it goes off automatically when you like put it in a drawer and it senses light And we like I hide it from each other and put it in each of these rooms like secretively So we like find it like the most random times it doesn't get old like we've been doing this for three months Believe it or not, although I took off my makeup. I do feel disgusting still so I'm gonna wash my face I am actually so torn if I think gouache was work I really don't go on long enough to actually be able to say like hey I noticed a difference or I didn't and I know with gouache as you have to be really consistent They claim to notice any improvements So I kind of want to do like a 30 day thing and see so I'm gonna keep you updated on that But definitely let me know if any of you guys have experienced any improvements with the gouache I think one of the best skincare hacks which actually has nothing to do with the skincare aspect is Laning a candle when you do your skincare the past few times I've done my skincare I just thought it was fun. I feel like it just kind of creates a fun atmosphere That's all I think I'm gonna do for skincare tonight actually pretty quick I'm gonna start getting ready for bed though. So I love you guys so much. Thank you guys for watching I hope this was fun. I hope my vision for this vlog actually was executed well travel vlogs I've never really done so I thought it'd be fun But I do post every Sunday if you didn't know so make sure to come back next Sunday for another vlog I love you guys and I'll see you there. Bye guys