 Good morning guys As a lot of you guys know I moved to New York very recently like a month ago I quickly picked up on how many people drink coffee here I would say at least 80% of the people here drink coffee and it's almost Weirder if you don't I've never been in a city where there is this many coffee shops I just really need to take the opportunity while I'm living in the city to try all the amazing coffee shops Well, we'll see I don't know maybe they're not amazing. That's what we're gonna find out today I just wanted to go around to test them with you guys So the first coffee shop we're gonna be going to is called Partners the reason I'm going to this one first is because this is the only one in this video that I have tried I wanted to start at a coffee shop that I know is like a good base Baseline, I don't know, but I think it's a good way to start the video and like set the tone Where we're setting the bar high to start. I have a problem with filming in public I just can't do it. I'm so awkward in public like I really hate filming in public and I've tried to overcome it I've tried to look past it and just be brave, but it's never been easy for me And I don't think it ever will be that's what's gonna be hard about today for me is I'm gonna be filming in every coffee shop Like by myself and I'm scared you know, I really am but Whatever I I Look at my so ran Are you following me everywhere? So the real reason I came to this coffee shop first is because my friend is here Say hi guys. Okay, so everyone's looking at me already. How do you do it? Hi So Sydney is here at Partners coffee in the West Village. This place is the bomb. They've got a bathroom. They've got Wi-Fi Bathrooms are hot commodity here. They literally are it's really frustrating when you have to use a bathroom It and you can't it's very important and there's lots of seating and they have a late well if you can get a seat You're gonna love it because their food is good. They're coffee slaps and that's my review. Thank you so much I'll give it a 9.75 out of 10 I've had this coffee before but I'm gonna try it as like a baseline as we discuss This is a vanilla omoklotte and I decided I'm gonna get the same thing because then otherwise it's too hard to compare if I get Different coffee items at different places. What's the baseline? What is that in science? Like what do they call it like the the controlled variables? Yes So like do I act like I've never had this before like it's smooth and there's a balance between too much espresso and too much milk And this is the perfect balance and it's the perfect sweetness. I love my coffee a little bit sweet though It is very smooth too. It's like a creamy smooth. It's a good coffee. I'm gonna rate it a four and a half Like is that even allowed? No, no, no, I don't find I also got food here because I'm hungry I haven't eaten breakfast yet and I got this avocado toast most coffee shops I feel like don't have like a menu. This place has a full food menu, which is really nice I also feel so weird holding this by the way don't ask I wanted a micro for me professional today like things are changing I'm stepping up my content. Oh Wait, this is also very good you were right Yeah, it was just like a citrusy lemon. I love this routes. I don't know what like the rat is at radish I've been always put that but I never really like eat it honestly Actually, no kids kind of good. Oh wait. Yeah, I kind of like it maybe I shouldn't start eating it I'm just like crandidly water the bread is good. It's a very like what is a sourdough or I'm like I'm not a food reviewer guys like oh my god Like I'm probably the last person that should be doing this Okay starting up strong delicious Okay Okay guys, I'm now at Joe's coffee which I've never been to before and I'm also filming in public like I really hope I hope you guys I hope this is worth it. I just found this place on Google It was really cute and quaint in there was more of a less of a modern vibe more of a rustic homey vibe I want to be in a coffee shop that is nice to be in I'm all about the ambiance and the environment But you may be wondering well then why are you sitting outside with your coffee? I'm sitting right in front of it because there's no seats anywhere I just want to sit in peace and drink my coffee So I'm out front right now like that's the window. Oh my god. There's people right there That's the inside and they have like a little outside area. Wow and like look at the courts Like this is so ratchet. I'm sorry. I'm literally not a professional. Okay. I don't even know why I have this coffee here's very expensive Of course and it does hurt every single time I buy a coffee The last place I went to partners. I think the coffee was seven dollars Which to me is still very expensive just compared to what I'm used to but I say that's pretty standard here now Like around seven dollars for a latte. So anyways, this was seven dollars also Wait, why is this so bad? I'm shocked that I don't like this this much the espresso in this for my liking is way too strong Which looking at it. I wouldn't have expected that it looks fine Also the espresso has it tastes like dates to me almost like they sweetened it with like dates I have a specific dislike towards dates. I really don't like them I'm so confused why it tastes like this Maybe it's just the type of coffee bean that I don't like one star This was pretty easy to write for me because I'm shocked that I didn't like it this much Anyways to the next one we go Okay Okay, I'm at the next coffee shop. It's called stump Shumtown it was highly rated on Google and that's why I'm here This is the latte looks very heavy on the espresso the aesthetic and the vibes in here are very nice It's very cozy and it's warm. I hate when I'm in a coffee shop and I'm freezing the whole time I don't know how I'm gonna drink four more coffees after this Hmm it's a lot more milky and creamy than I thought I expected to be very heavy on the espresso like the last place Just because of how dark it is it's not too strong in the espresso This has a pretty good balance. It also has a good amount of sweetness It's not too overly sweet but the vanilla flavor is still prominent enough. I don't know. It's good. Is it great? No, oh my god, I feel like I'm being too loud like I'm like it's not that good I'm like right in front of the employees. I'm gonna give this a Three and a half guys. I don't know how much more I can drink my stomach is It's hurting a little bit. So remember how I was telling you guys there's no bathrooms anywhere Well Because of that and because I drank so much coffee I had to be so I came back to my harmin It's seriously such an inconvenience like I never will take for granted public bathrooms again The amount of coffee I've drank today. It's probably not a good thing for my health But we're gonna go drink more because I still have to go to more places This next place is called Fellini. I walk by it Basically every day and I've always wanted to stop there because it's different There's not even an indoors. It's almost like a drive-through except for you don't drive It's like a walkthrough. I'm gonna go try it and see how it is. Let's go drink even more coffee And hopefully I don't get sick I Feel like very public right now. I'm on the side of the road Honestly guys kind just explain something. I think my big fear around filming in public is mostly because I don't Went end up on what's that called it's called influencers in the wild if I ended up on that I don't think you guys would ever see me again because I probably quit social media Well, it's so cute about this place like I was saying is it's on a corner So it's the tiniest little coffee shop and there's only outdoor seating because there is no indoors So this is the coffee I got I don't have a straw or a lid because I just was too lazy honestly like I've done that too many times today I hope it's like stirred up enough I've noticed that every place the espresso does taste a bit different and this one I'm trying to describe it. There's only so many ways to describe coffee guys. I'm sorry. I'm running out of words It's very like a roasted it's that because it makes it like a roasted coffee is what it what I'm gathering Oh my god, there's a cute guy. I need to stop filming guys I would say that this is in second place compared to partners, which is still my favorite the very first one in this video Also, the employees here are so nice these are definitely the nicest employees. I've encountered all day I love nice bracelets that honestly makes a really big difference actually the more I'm drinking it's more I like it. I would say this is definitely more of an authentic coffee bean flavor Sometimes the vanilla that they use can taste almost fake which I hate that I would rather it tastes more like pure vanilla So I like that this isn't super sweet and it does have more of that roasted coffee bean flavor So I would give this one a four out of five the first one I went to partners is still first place like I don't know if anything's gonna be able to beat that Okay Okay guys, so I'm home now. I really wanted to try this last one in the cafe But I couldn't because like everywhere else they had no seats and I even waited I stuck around for a little bit I was like is someone gonna leave? So I can sit down and try this with you guys and no one left So then I just gave it up and I left but this last place is called a mano cafe as you guys probably saw in the videos It's definitely more modern in there and I love it. I love the architecture I love the like light things the circle light Spheres. I don't know. It's cute in there. I enjoyed it and to be honest My head is hurting. I think now I have a headache What kills me the most is that I've drank so much coffee like I could have just had a couple slips of each But I've drank the entire cup of every one except for that Joe's one everyone I drank the whole thing for no reason a mano cafe Here we go guys They're kind of all tasting the same guys. They're blending in my brain I don't know if it's because I've had so much caffeine that I can't even think anymore But like how many words can I use to describe coffee? I don't know I guess I would say this one is like a bit more dull. There's not a strong of like a coffee vanilla flavor It's also not super sweet the vanilla. They definitely went Quite a bit lighter with the vanilla in this which for me. I love the vanilla like I need my coffee to have sugar I wouldn't write this if I had to read it. I'm still gonna give this one a three honestly What's crazy is that the first one partners ended up being my favorite I also like that they have a bathroom there which you would think is in a big deal But like I've said there's not bathrooms hardly anywhere in New York anyways Um, I hope you guys liked this video. I hope it was fun I definitely had a lot of fun actually kind of going around and testing the lattes I will say all the lattes today were seven dollars. I don't know what it is But they were all seven something more of the story if you guys are ever in New York and you want a coffee spot I would try partners. That's my favorite. I love you guys. Thanks for watching never drinking coffee again, so This was a good send-off for me. Love you guys and I'll see you next Sunday Bye guys You