 Oh! Oh! Hi guys! What's up? It's Sin. Oh my gosh, why does Rosie smell so bad? Often on my channel, you know, I like to joke around, just be silly. I don't take anything too seriously. But today's video is different. TikTok is something to be taken seriously. I take my TikTok extremely seriously. Today we're going to be trying to become TikTok famous in 24 hours. It was not too cheesy. I've only made a few TikToks, I've made like, I don't know, like 5 or 10. But I thought it'd be fine if I tried to actually put in effort and follow some of like the trends on TikTok. There's like the comedy side, there's the dancing side. I'm going to cover all aspects and try my best to become TikTok famous. I feel like YouTube is my home, my comfort space. So it'll be fun to branch out. You know, maybe, maybe I'll just be a TikToker now. First TikTok, Ashen, want to come over here. By the way, if you want to follow me on my TikTok, it's at Sin. Serena. So this is my brother Ashen. I'm in Minnesota right now. Um. I don't know if you guys have seen on TikTok, this trend. I'll put an example here. Ooh. And no one's gonna help me. And no one's gonna help her? Wow, some world we live in. I thought it'd be fun if we made one outside in the snow, but have like a little plot twist. I'm taking this like so seriously. We're gonna like build a few snowmen. It is snowing outside. You already know who the survive is. You already know the vibes. We're gonna build some snowmen outside and then have it be like, we're referencing the snowmen as like, and no one's gonna help her. Does this even make sense? No. You'll see once we start it. I have a vision. Hey, people there though. Okay, we got our supplies. Ayo, mailmen check. Yes sir. You really do be vibing though. We watch way too much TikTok in the shows. No, okay, so we have to make big snowballs and pile them up on top of each other. I knew how to make a snowy end. Okay, well I thought you were an airhead snowman. Oh my gosh, my butt has snow on it. I should, what are you up here? I don't know. I don't know. Oh my gosh, they're gonna hate us. Okay, oh gosh. You already do look. Oh, no. What? What? What? What? Okay, there's our snowman. You know, it looks a little, I don't know. Sort it. Wait, I thought these were normal carrots. What the heck? I think I know. We're shredded. Okay, so we just finished the first TikTok. How do you think it went? It has been re-spresso. Wow, and Noah's gonna help him. Some world we live in. We don't have much time because the sun is setting soon. So we're gonna do the only other one that's outside. People set up a cup right in front of the camera and then they step back far away and then they try to jump in it. It's basically like an optical illusion. It's hard to explain. I'll put a clip in right here of what I'm talking about. So yeah, we're gonna try to do that. I got this Starbucks cup that I'm gonna use. Okay, so we're just gonna have to like step this here like this, I guess. I don't know how the heck we're gonna do this. Caching, can you stand far away? Yeah. Walk over. So start there. Go back, go back. So start there. And then you're gonna walk and then get in the cup. Got you at the die? No, I don't know. Or get step in it. Why doesn't this work? Oh, I think I need to make it higher. Oops. I was so dumb. Okay, start there. Now go in. No, no, right there's perfect. Now go in. Actually, your legs are sticky now. Can you see me? The camera's falling. Oh. Okay, so all step and you can dive. I thought that was a bad one. I told you that was a die. Here, let's go in and watch it. This is so hard. Wait, I'm gonna burn so hard. Look how awful you am. We're so awful. We have to wait until the cars are right there. So we have to dive at that second tire. All right, let's try it again. I don't know. The grind is real for this one. Okay, good. And then we're gonna jump in from right there. I think we got it. Yes, sir. So we did it. Honestly, I was like, hard at a lot harder than I thought it took us like 30 minutes. I almost like wrote my wrist and it was like sprawled out like cloth. We did it, brother. Okay, so fast forward a couple hours later. I just ate dinner. I really didn't do much. I watched a talk. But now it's back to work. I'm moving on to the dance category. I'm going to do the dance. I'm going to do the dance. I'm going to do the dance. I'm going to do the dance. I'm moving on to the dance category. I feel like you cannot do a TikTok video and not try to replicate one of the popular dances. I did actually used to be a dance a few years ago. But any small amount of talent that I had, I don't think exists anymore. But we can only hope. I'm going to learn from the best. Charlie Demilio. I feel like I'm really putting myself out there. So please don't be hard on me. Oh yeah, she's going too fast already. Wait, this is just going so fast. Oh wait, I literally just hurt my back rack. Ow! Why am I literally out of breath? Whoa. Oh, this is not enough for my body. That's what I come in here. First side. Alright, ready for the best thing I've ever seen. I can't even do it. That was pretty good actually. Yeah, what? Some people are like that. Some people like Auntie Scott don't even go extreme. I just do it like normal pace. Seriously, I think it was good. Well thanks, Ash. That helps my confidence a little. I'm going to need to do this a little while longer. I'll be back once I get a good video. So the next TikTok that we're going to be doing is the little spider dance. I don't even know if it's called that. I just called it that. Basically, it's when you like put your hands around your body and then you turn around. And then you like go like this. I feel like I'm scabled dumb. Oh, I think I need to do it a little bit different. Oh gosh, that was so bad. I really messed that up. That did not look cool. I need to like turn first and then move my hands. Okay. Okay. Honestly, I'm pretty impressed with myself. This one is not as hard. You know, if you're looking to get into TikTok, try this one first. It's actually pretty easy. It's kind of fun. The next TikTok I want to do. This one? Okay, let me just say. I've seen a lot of people use the sound. I'll just sing it for you briefly. They don't hate me. I'll just sing it for you briefly. They don't hate me regardless. That's why I do what I do. What's the next word? Seem you in person. I'm flawless. I'ma just snatch up your dude. Basically, people usually just lip sync to it and they like look super cool. And they are like all done up and they're like flexing kind of not actually. But I thought it'd be funny if I did a lip sync to this song. But I add a little comedic twist at the end. And I turn around and I'm wearing this Elsa backpack that I have. Don't ask me why I have it. It's a long story. So this is the backpack. No hate to frozen. It's a great movie. TikTok is a place for comedy. So I feel like I should try to showcase my comedic side. This is what I consider comedy. You know, don't worry me too hard if you don't think it's funny. Actually, you know what? Just roast me if you want. It's fine. I feel like though for this TikTok since it's like pretty like bougie. Usually the people who do these TikToks are all dressed up and stuff. I should kind of dress up to make it look like I actually they're trying to be cool and stuff. So I'm gonna change and I'll be back. This is my fancy look. It's actually not even that fancy. I'm just wearing a t-shirt. Let's get to work kiddos. If you want to watch all of these with the copyright songs in them, you can see my TikTok. I'll link it below. Wow, I'm really just plugging my TikTok up. Okay, actually I do need to be standing up. I can't even take myself seriously. I feel like so serious for this. Okay. Music They gon hate me regardless. That's why I do what I do. Samey in person, I'm flawless. I might just not ship you do. That's so bad. Okay, so we've finally graduated to the last TikTok dance. I don't even know if this is the hardest one. So maybe we won't be. I don't want to describe it. I'll just play it. This one doesn't seem too hard, especially compared to the other one that I did that took me forever. Why does it look like I'm starting a lot more? The part is gonna kill me. I can't figure out how to do without looking like I'm starting my lawnmower. The real test is me trying to do it without watching the video. We'll see if I can do it without the help of Charlie. All right, you know, it looked better in my head. Let me re-try. I think I need to fix my lawnmower thing. I feel like I'm like, it just doesn't look right. Okay, it's kind of messy but like you can't really see it. So that's fine. Hey guys, so it is now a few days later. I wanted to do a little final check-in here. I just got back in the lay as you can tell my apartment. And since this video is technically called trying to become TikTok infinity fit, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it. This video is technically called trying to become TikTok infinity fit look. Can I talk? Since this video is technically called trying to become TikTok famous in 24 hours, I did post the videos on my TikTok yesterday. I thought I should kind of compare and see which TikTok is the best. So the one that did the best is actually it kind of surprises me. I didn't expect it. The spider dance. I still don't know what to call it. You guys have to like it. And then the second most popular one was the Starbucks Cup one. This one was actually so fun. It took forever though. If you do this, be prepared. It takes so long. I decided to check it out with you guys until you guys how they performed. I think my favorite part of this video was learning the dances. Because it was actually kind of challenging. I've just always seen everyone do them. So it's fun to actually try them. Again, if you do want to follow my TikTok, I'll link it down below. And I'll put the name, username here. Also, if you want to follow me on my Instagram, it's at Cindy Serena. I hope you guys liked watching the video as much as I like Mickey make. Because it was so fun. I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching. And I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.