 What is going on? Dude! Oh, hello? Wow, that was a loud clap. Sup everyone, it's Sid, Ni, Sereina. I'm sure you guys have seen all of the big, glove transformations where people spend a ton of money to glow up and they spend like thousands of dollars, which I actually think is so cool. I love those videos, but I really wanted to do something a little bit different. I wanted to try to glow up, but on a budget because I know not everyone has or wants to spend a ton of money to glow up and not saying you even need to glow up, but if like you want to buy a few new products and maybe want to try a few new things for yourself, then you might not have hundreds of dollars laying around for that. So basically I'm going to make this little challenge. I'm going to go into the Dollar Tree, which is actually the parking lot that I'm in now. So, wherever you can't see it, so that's awkward. I also want to see if there's a way that I can make clothes out of the products that they have. I'm just going to try to be creative with this. We'll see. I really don't know what's going to happen. Maybe this video will just be a flop. But that wouldn't be the first time that happened. Let's go to the Dollar Tree and see if they can prove us right that a glow up can be affordable. Let's go. I think it's time for a little haul of things I got the Dollar Tree. Basically I got a ton of makeup, which you guys will see once I start to do that. And then I also got like something to like try to make an outfit. And then I also got some stuff for my hair. I was actually going to get a face mask because I was like, oh, you know, transformation, you should make sure your skin is great too. But I kind of got nervous because I feel like the face masks there could break out my skin. So I decided to get these pore strips from them. I feel like these can't do too much damage if they're like cheap and not good because it's just a pore strip. I never used pore strips from the Dollar Tree. Hopefully these are good. What's the heck? Why is it like this? Okay, pore strip is on. So glow up is starting now. Okay, so time has come to remove the pore strip for you if I'd been like two seconds over me. It's been like 15 minutes. Oh, gosh. Oh, why does it hurt so much worse this time than usual? Dude, is this like, why does it smell so weird? Oh, my gosh. Ow. Okay, so that hurt a lot more than it should have. I wouldn't say I look better than before if anything I look worse. I look like a freaking tomato. Hopefully this redness will die down and it's just from the irritation of me pulling the pore strip off my skin. Why is my nose like still burning? Dude, I'm kind of nervous. You know, I guess this is what you get from doing a Dollar Tree video. You just don't know what's going to happen because sometimes Dollar Tree stuff is just not good for your skin, which is why I try to not get skincare products. More of the story, don't buy pore strips at the Dollar Tree. You know, even though my nose is still burning a little bit, we're going to push through it because life is all about overcoming obstacles and that's what we're going to do. I'm going to do my makeup now. I'm not going to do anything too crazy because natural makeup is just what I'm into personally, especially a lot recently. So I got this concealed correct. This is a concealer that is supposed to help with redness, which is actually what I need right now. I would say this is honestly working pretty well. It's really helping with the redness. Oh my gosh, I just forgot to use my beauty blender that I got. Okay, honestly, this is like a really stiff sponge. Look, I'm like punching my face with this thing. So I got this powder also. This is also supposed to provide coverage. So kind of in place of a ton of foundation and concealer, I'm just going to be using this because they didn't have any foundation. That was my shade, nor actual concealer. Okay, this is what my skin looks like close up. It might matter. I thought a little bit of a green tint from a concealer, but oh well, it was really nothing I can do. I just want to say I know you're supposed to put on another concealer over green color fructing concealers. This is not how you're supposed to do it, but there is literally no concealer that was normal at this dollar tree. Don't expect an amazing makeup look. This is definitely subpar. That's for times. Call for less for measures. So yeah, yeah, that's a lot of God. Oh, next up, I actually got some Carmx because I didn't realize that the Dollar Tree sold Carmx. Oh my gosh, I forgot how good Carmx was. Well, even though my nose bridge is on fire, at least my lips will be moisturized. Next up, I'm going to be putting on some blush. And I know it comes with like a teeny little brush in there, but these brushes suck. I wasn't even in a bother because I saw this little blush brush. Oh, it's actually a contour brush. Oops, I really screwed up. I'm like trying to notice a difference and I cannot see anything at all. Okay, so this officially does literally nothing. Like absolutely nothing. We're going to move on to brows. I'm going to be using this brown slash black brow pencil. You don't want to know how badly I wanted to go into my bathroom and get my spoolie. Brush out my eyebrows, but I feel like I just can't do that, you know? I feel like that'd be cheating. I would say my eyebrows are more like distinct cousins than sisters. I have this eyeshadow palette that I got for whopping $1, which you obviously already knew because all of the stuff is from the Dollar Tree. And then I also got this eyeshadow brush because we are fancy. I didn't realize that I got the one that was like all purple. I did not mean for that to happen. The Dollar Tree was pretty crazy to say the least. There's a lot going on. There was a fight or argument at the cash register. There's just a lot of chaos going on around me. So I really tried to pick up my goodies and skirt skirt out of there. Hence I got a purple eyeshadow palette. I feel like half of these products you don't do anything. Mascara, I feel like it's something that's a little bit less difficult to mess up. It's this little tiny baby mascara, which is actually kind of cute. I guess it kind of gets the job done. Oh yes, I forgot. I got this highlighter too. I've got to try this out. Oh. Well. Highlighter, I would say, impress me more than I expected. Last up, I'm going to put on some lip gloss. Oh, it smells like fruit snacks. That's a good sign. Okay, I would say it's actually pretty minimal. I actually really like it. Next up, I'm going to be doing my outfit. And when I say doing, I mean doing because I have to be crafty here. I was looking for a shirt there and I did not see any actual shirts which kind of confused me because I don't know. Maybe I shouldn't have expected shirts with a Dollar Tree. Maybe that was just too much to ask for. But I did see this scarf. And you might be confused. Sydney, how are you going to use this? For clothing. But, just do wait because I'm going to be innovative. And I'm going to try to make this scarf into a shirt. Okay, so now I let the tank top is on. I'm going to try to figure out how to wear this. I saw Kennedy Wall should do this video actually and she did something similar to this. But this is not looking good. You know, I'd say with my hair in front, it actually looks pretty good. However, once I move my hair, this just totally looks like I'm wearing a scarf over a tank top. You know what, the back doesn't look the best, but it doesn't look the worst. Um, okay, last up. I was actually going to put in a scrunchie and like do a cute half up half down thing with scrunchies that I got from the Dollar Tree. I don't know why this is just not cute. I guess I better do a final montage of my final Dollar Tree makeover. So, cue the montage. Well guys, I think it is safe to say that the Dollar Tree you get what you pay for. I do think the shirt was kind of cool. Again, I feel like my hair is in front. It's actually kind of cute. It's kind of scrunchy, like definitely holds it all together. I would have to give myself a solid, I was going to say 8 out of 10, but I'm going to bump it down to like a 6 and a half because of the porous strips. But yeah, I hope you guys liked the video. Thank you so much for watching. I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.