 much Hey guys, what's up? It's Sid. Today I am, I'm gonna be a beauty guru. I for some reason I'm late on like every single trend ever. Glossier I feel like was huge a year ago. And for some reason I never got into it. I actually watched Maddie Zegler's video trying Glossier products. I think that was what prompted all of these other Glossier videos that I started watching. And then I just became obsessed and I really wanted to try it. But I do know that Glossier is still so popular. So this is a totally honest review, you know, even though I'm a little late to the whole trend, maybe it will help someone out. It was also late to the trend. So you have an idea of Glossier. Glossier is essentially a makeup brand that promotes very natural makeup. So they focus on enhancing your natural beauty versus covering up your look. So I was the actual Glossier store. I'm lucky enough to live in LA where one of the few stores are located. And I basically got pretty much one of everything of their makeup products. Okay, so I got a sample of a highlighter. What is wrong with my eye? I got a highlighter sample. I don't know what this is. Okay, we're just gonna ignore that. Okay, looks like I punched my. That's okay. I also got a sticker. Ooh, that's fun. Oh wait, I think this is the scarf she was talking about. It's, oh gosh, I almost dropped it. It's just swatches of their products. Now to the actual stuff that I ordered. I felt kind of crazy because I got basically one of everything. I'm just gonna start out with the cat ears to get my hair out of my face. As you guys know, every time I do my makeup, I put these on. Actually, I just put them on all the time for no reason. So I'm starting out with the Glossier. Oh gosh, that was a lot. I'm starting out with the Glossier Prime and Moisturizer. Basically, Glossier has a few steps to their foundation routine. It says take a dollop of this. I mean, this is a little bit more than that, but I'm just going to put this in my face. Okay, so the moisturizer, you know, not much to say about it, but since I do have some dry patches on my skin, it's nice how moisturizing this is. It doesn't really have a scent, which is actually kind of nice, because sometimes products like this do and they don't smell that good. Okay, so the next step, oh wait, did I do it out of order? Oh my gosh, did I really do that for it? Oh wait, okay, no, I did it right. It does indeed say apply the sunscreen over your entire face after the Prime and Moisturizer. Everyone says to use sunscreen every day, put it underneath your makeup. For me, I always hate the thought of putting sunscreen on your face. I just hate the texture of it and the look and it's all greasy, but this is so nice because it's invisible. And I feel like you just melt into your skin. So the next product I'm using is the Glossier Perfecting Skin Tint. Essentially, you're supposed to use this in place of a foundation, but they don't even really call it a foundation, just because it's super light coverage. So it says to shake it. Okay, first off, the bat. It's extremely liquidy. Wow, okay, didn't expect me to be that liquidy. Also, I didn't really think this through and I don't have a mirror. I might have to use this one one second. This has to be the lightest coverage foundation that exists. It just smooths out your face. It's actually so nice. I really like it. It kind of just looks like a face filter in real life. Wow, it really just does look like that, doesn't it? However, if you do want to cover a lot more, if you want to cover a lot of acne or acne scarring or something, this probably is not the product for you. It just depends on the person. The next product we're going to be trying out is the Glossier Stretch Concealer. I struggle with dark, under eye circles, as you can probably tell. I want to see if this will cover them up. Okay, wow, that works a lot better than I thought it would. That's a pretty big difference. This is also so moisturizing. Well, as you can tell, I really like it. I just have a little bit of redness around my nose, so I'm just going to cover that and see if it helps. My skin, it's not perfect. There's definitely still a little bit of discoloration, but for the most part, I'm so happy with that. I will say that the concealer is definitely a higher coverage than the skin perfecting tin. This is so fun. Okay, I'm going to go on now. So when I was at the store, I asked the employee if everyone uses their wouter. I was thinking if I wanted a more glowy look, one day that I might not want to put powder on, she said it doesn't make your skin look super, super matte. So I thought I tried out. I have this little, it's cosmetics, side by pores brush. We'll see if this wouter, wows me away. Whoa. I think it did provide a little bit of coverage, actually. Just kind of even everything out a little bit more. Okay, verdict, I would say. The wow powder didn't like totally wow me. It did its job. It added a little bit more coverage. I feel like it just set everything in place. So I'll give it two thumbs up. Okay, so next up, this is their cloud paint, which if you don't know what that is, it's essentially a liquid blush. And when I was at the store, I tested, I think they have like five or six different shades. I tested them and swatched them on my hand. And this one seemed the most natural. I did get the shade dusk, by the way. It's gonna pour some on my hand. Whoa. Okay. Comes out a little fast. I just want to start out like, because I really don't want to mess this up. You know what I'm saying? Okay, I'm just gonna put some. Okay, this is scaring me. Did I just mess this whole thing up? This is so intense. Oh, okay. Don't be afraid, actually. If you put it on and you're like scared like I was, it's actually extremely blendable. The blush is on. I feel like it's really nice. It just is so natural. It almost does kind of look like a bronzer, or slash blush together, which is nice. Glossier does have two types of highlighters. I decided to just get the stick one. So I got this in the Flavor Quartz and did I just say get Flavor? Someone help this girl. Oh gosh. Like, I don't know if I should like put it on my finger and then put it on my face. So far, I feel like it's a lot easier to just put this on your finger and then put it on your face. I have kind of mixed feelings about it. First of all, of course, just like all the other products. It's not super potent. It blends a lot less easier than the other products. That's for sure. It does feel like a little bit sticky, but overall, I do like it. I feel like it is a little bit moisturizing and I like how it's a cream. Next up, we're going to move on to brows. So I got the... The Boy Brow is an iconic product. Everyone raised about this. I don't really use gel products like this, so this is going to be interesting. Okay, so some people really like the feathery look. Which is like... I think you just like stick your eyebrows up. I'm going to try it for fun and just see. Okay, I feel like my eyebrows just don't do that. I'm putting them back down. Wow, those are dark. I don't know what happened. I feel like they're too dark. One second, I'm going to fix this. I don't like it. Now that I calmed them down a little bit, it is nice. Just make sure you don't do too much product like I did. I feel like I just need to get better at the application process. I'm going to move on to mascara. So this is called their Glossier Lash Stick. I'm just going to try it on. I'm not going to curl my eyelashes. I just want to see what it looks like. Totally natural. So you can see the difference here. This is just with one coat of mascara. They're very like feathery and light. I'm feeling this is such a weird angle. Okay, why do I open my mouth every time I do my mascara? Does anyone do that? So this is the final look. It's very light. Like they're definitely not clumpy whatsoever. I do like the wand for this. If like it really just separates your eyelashes. Nice. It's very nice. Wow. There's like nothing bad about this at all. Everything is like perfect. All right, so we are almost done. We are on the last product. This is the Glossier Lip Gloss. I did get it in clear. They have it in red. And I think like a shimmer one. This I think has got to be their most popular product. So I'm going to try this on my lips. A lot of lip glosses are so sticky. But this isn't like that sticky at all. I really do love the lip gloss. Wow. Okay, the lip gloss is worth the hype. 12 out of 10. I think it's safe to say. I believe Glossier is worth the hype. It's just so natural in the best way possible. I feel like exactly what they say. Their products deliver. I do feel like though, this is a hit or miss. I feel like some people would really love their makeup and some people would not. If you don't like a ton of makeup, if you like more natural look, or if you're just getting into makeup, and if you don't have a lot of acne that you want to cover up, then I would recommend Glossier because it's so perfect for that. It's just very natural. But if you do have more acne that you are wanting to conceal and you like more of the dramatic makeup, then I wouldn't recommend this for you. I like both. But I feel like on a day to day basis, this is just really nice and natural. I hope you guys learned a little something about Glossier. This was so fun for me to try. I was gonna try their stuff anyway, so I was like, why not film it? I wouldn't say if you are considering getting anything from Glossier. My top three favorite products probably have to be the skin tint, the lip gloss, and the cloud paint. I hope this was helpful for you guys and I hope you had fun hanging out with me. I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching. And until next time, peace out. Bye guys. Ciao.