 Hey guys, for some reason, all of my videos, I film at like 3am. It's not something I'm proud of. That doesn't take away from the fact that I just got Amazon packages in the mail that I have been long waiting, actually not long waiting. I have Amazon Prime so it was just two days shipping. The other night I placed an order on Amazon and I actually placed the order also at like 2am. That's when my best video ideas come to me. Essentially, I decided I would buy the most random stuff from Amazon. When I say random, I mean it. So I have these packages. Oops, that's my address. First things first, oh I don't want to do this one yet. I know what this is. I can't. That has to wait. I'm too nervous. Okay. Oh my gosh. I literally just thought someone was breaking into my apartment. It was actually just my purse that fell. Falsal alarm. This is gonna be the most random video ever uploaded on my channel. The first thing I have that I purchase, this may be confusing to some of you. Actually, it's even confusing to me. If you don't know, I love baguettes. I love bread. I love carbs. After you put certain items in your cart, I recommend things that you might like. And since I was putting all this weird stuff on my cart, it's... I recommended this weird item. So yeah, this is a baguette. Hello. Why does this look so realistic? This is like everything I hoped and more. Honestly, besides the maiden China sticker, it looks like an actual baguette. Let's look at the reviews for this item on Amazon. Our girl Judy wrote a review on this. I put this on a cutting board on my kitchen counter. I got so many compliments. My daughter thought I baked it. Judy's a prankster. At least she's out here pranking her own daughter and getting away with it. Alright, next review. Josh, 5 out of 5 stars and says it was delicious. I'll say this first product is exactly what I hoped for. It fulfilled all of my hopes and dreams. And you know what? I probably won't do anything with this ever. Alright, let's see what else we have in here. Oh yes, forgot about these. This next thing, it just looks so creepy to me and I really don't know. I don't know why about any of this. So I decided to get these fake hands. Obviously, they're fake. You put them on your fingers. I swear I've seen this on TikTok before. The one I saw the one Amazon. I knew. I had to purchase them. I'm honestly a little underwhelmed. I mean, I know what I expected because they really are exactly what I purchased. It feels like I have acrylics on. Even though I've never gotten a acrylics, I really don't know. Ah, this is so weird. Okay, I would actually argue that there are a bit tight. I kind of feel like they're cutting off my circulation a little bit. Would I ever use these? No. Are they creepy? 100%. Okay. Well, honestly, didn't really enjoy that. Oh my gosh, yes, I forgot about these. Next up, I purchased lazy readers. You may be confused. What does this mean? When I saw this, I was very confused as well. But I found out these are actually the coolest products every night before I go to bed. I'm on my phone, which is bad. But it's just the truth. And I haven't even told my phone above my head. I'm lazy and I also drop it on my face and then I get a bruise. I saw these and basically you're supposed to be able to put these on. And then you can lay back and hold the phone down in front of you like normal. You are still able to see your phone. I don't know if this makes any sense. Let me test it out. Oh my gosh, this is so weird. So right now I can see my phone, my shirt and my laptop. I can't see the camera at all right now. I will say they're very heavy, but they work. I cannot believe it. Putting these on, I just feel like it's so trippy. I feel like you look a little crazy with them on though. At least I probably do. If you're lazy or you just don't want to have to hold your phone up or a book up while you're laying down, you're going to want this onto the next box. I really didn't want to do this, but I just felt like I had to. Basically I got this ketchup and fries con candy. If I'm being honest, I'm dreading this the most. I'm trying to be positive. Oh my gosh. Oh, oh my goodness gracious. No, no, no, no. Why is this being so? All right, I'm really trying to not be over dramatic, but that was the worst thing I've ever ingested. It literally tastes exactly like you would expect. I'd say, you know, if you're trying to prank someone, it's funny. In terms of actually eating it, absolutely disgusting. We'll be throwing this in my garbage shoot immediately after filming this video. That was just so bad that I need to know what other people think. Oh, there's no reviews. Maybe I should leave a review then. It's a no from me. Well, searching for things to buy. I saw that there was an umbrella that a guy was wearing on his head. And I was kind of confused because I was like, why, you know, like, why do you do that? And to be honest, I still don't understand the purpose. So this is the umbrella. It comes with this headband that I think you just strap on your head. My head is being squeezed so tight right now. I feel like it's cutting off all circulation to my brain. It's kind of a vibe, not gonna lie. What the fuck are you doing? Where did you get that? Amazon. Oh, of course. I literally bought bread on Amazon like that actual loaf. Like they have sell. No, they sell. No, they sell. They sell actual bread by the loaf. Do you want to see like legit bread? Oh my god, yeah. Here. We're in Quokki. Look at it so weak. I'm so close. I'm looking at God. Do you want to try tomorrow? Like, it seems actually good. Oh, it's back down. Just kidding. It's a pillow. Oh, I'm looking at it. I want your voice, I'm heck. It looks so real. What is this video? This next thing, I almost didn't get this because I was like, I know I'm gonna hate it, but it's the point of this video. So I'd sign to get this world's famous pickle lip balm. Basically, it's pickle chapstick. This is like the most disgusting thing I feel like I've ever shown. Wait, honestly, this is so confusing. It tastes so much like seven up guys. Like, I swear this is seven up and they just put it in pickle packaging for some reason. But it doesn't taste anything like pickle. I'm being honest, it really doesn't. This is so misleading. It doesn't even live up to its statement. Mr. Pickle's world famous pickle lip balm. Yeah, no. Okay, last up. I decided to save the best for last or at least what I hope will be the best for last. I'm kind of like not second guessing this whole video, but it's just like so weird that I'm like, I purchased this taco blanket. If you know me, you know that I love burritos. However, tacos are great too. And I saw this and I have never seen anything like it. So naturally, I had to buy it. Okay, so I really don't know how to do this. I never thought I'd be doing this, but here we are. I hope you guys are enjoying this. Like to be honest, I feel like it's kind of a weird video and like I thought of it very randomly. So if you enjoyed, please let me know. I'm trying to like show you guys this better. It is pretty much what I expected. I don't know how to describe it, but I feel like this is something I do when I'm five years old, but this was marketed for adults. Taco Tuesdays just got better. I'll say it's a solid four out of five stars. You know, I don't wanna be too mean because what did I expect? I guess overall, I would say this video was weird, but what did I really expect? This will just be a memory for all of us. It was a weird video. You know, you can't deny this video is very weird. I feel like we had a good time. I feel like we kind of bonded over weird things on Amazon. And it was interesting. You never know what you're gonna get. I'm really tired, so I should probably go to bed. I will see you in my next video. Bye guys.