 Hi guys, I won't be too long in the Centro essentially. I I spurt up. I filmed a Taco Bell mukbang at 3am. That video, the footage just scrubbed it. Next up, I tried to film it again two days later and I forgot to turn on the light in my car and I didn't realize it for some reason. So it was dark and grainy. I'm sorry for the delay on this video. I think it will be a delay but it was a rough week. Basically, I was gonna just film the Taco Bell mukbang again at 3am but I was like not excited for it because I had already done it twice. So instead, we're going to be doing a vegan fast food taste test. I'm not vegan. I do prefer to eat plant-based. I'm not like super strict about it. I did look up most of the fast food places are open till like 1am so I should be good. So I'm basically finding different vegan options online. First restaurant is Burger King. Do you have a vegan burger? Yes, it'll be number three so I'm talking about. Can I get that without the mayo? I also have a small fry. Thank you. They have like a veggie burger here. Veggie burgers. We'll just let's just let's just see. Thank you so much. Have a good one. Yes, I hated that I just did that. I'm gonna find parking. It's really stressful in LA driving so I'll see you when I'm in a lot. A lot of parking. Okay, so I made it to a parking lot. The irony of this though is that I'm actually in the McDonald's parking garage. Here we are. Eating Burger King in the McDonald's parking lot. I never eat Burger King. I also serve video. This is the veggie burger with no mayo. This is very large. I wish my car's not this little so bad after this video. Why is it like the size of my head? Okay, kind of goals. I'm so confused. It just says like real meat. They like give me real meat on purpose. That's so weird. Here's the thing. I don't eat like hamburgers hardly ever. So it's hard for me to truly say. This just totally tastes like real meat to me and like it also looks like real meat. Can you see that? Like I'm sorry this is like gross to see but like doesn't this look like real meat or maybe it doesn't and I just think it does. Unless like this is actually meat and they just like messed up my order. But no, I don't think they did. I don't think that like a solid eight and a half up 10 and it also get an order of their fries because they're fried in veggie oil. So they are vegan. Okay, this is so good. It's very salty but it's good. I mean I feel like you can't really mess up a french fry. I'll give these a solid nine out of ten. They passed the vibe check. Sorry I had to say it. But next time we're going to make Donald's, I think the last time I came to this drive-through was in my other drive-through video when I had the people order in front of me. Hello, please hold forward to the next speaker. Thanks. You're welcome. Hi, what vegan options do you have? Oh, I thought your guys's apple pie was vegan. So you want this one I was buying? Yeah. That was so sad. I was like vegan option? It's like no. I'm pretty sure that apple pie is vegan so. Apple pie? Yeah, thank you so much. Thanks to you. Unfortunately, that was like so anticlimactic. I thought they would have more vegan options but this is all we got from McDonald's. You know, that really does make me appreciate Birkingmore and the fact that they even had vegan options available. So this is what it looks like. This is pretty good. I love the pastry bread on the outside. Um, so I had to change locations because there were just some weird stuff going on. It's party and garage just so you know. A final review. This was good. I do wish it had more like actual apple in it. I feel like there's just so much sugar and like apple jelly. The actual like croissant bread is really good. It would have been nice if there were like more real apples overall for one dollar and for it being vegan. I'll give it a solid eight out of ten. I'm now at Chick-fil-A. I just wanted to come here next because I wanted to make it here before I closed. I have heard that Chick-fil-A has really good vegan options. Hi. Good. How are you? Can I have the pull wrap without cheese chicken or dressing? Can I also have the grilled market salad without cheese or chicken? Thank you. Thanks. Yeah, you had some on YouTube. What's my Instagram? Wait, have I met you before? I really like I know you. Sydney? No, I know you. What's your last name? Well, I go by Sydney Serena. Oh yeah? Well, maybe we can pull over in the parking lot after. Thank you. Was I supposed to stop with that umbrella over there back there? Did you get your receipt? No, I don't need it though. No, you're fine. I like breeze by and she's like calling my name. I was like dang it. I paid. Yeah. Just like, hi. Thank you so much. Thank you too. Okay, so we're at the Chick-fil-A drive-through and we love you so much. I can't believe it. This is cool. I want to say how to the vlog and like we have like a bunch of mutual friends. Oh, she put like like putty or something. Make sure you guys like, subscribe, hit the bell and hit the shit. Okay, I got salad. I also got a wrap. Do you guys want to try it? I don't know if I can try that. But then I've gone. I'm going to go throw it away. We'll put it in the trash can right there. It's not my style. It's dry. It's pretty much a lettuce and bread. Tomato, corn, tortilla. Cortillas really like powdery, chalky. Yeah, there's like no sauce at all. Not even Chick-fil-A. No. This is like the worst thing I've had all night to be honest. I'm really good. You can say that's the worst on the vegan menu. I give that to two out of ten. Yeah, I give this a two out of ten. I say so like one. I don't like it. It's pretty dry. Yeah, honestly, I would not recommend. Yeah, they throw it. If they threw in some sauce and some like avocado, I think it would change it. Oh, yeah. I think it'd be good. This just all dries stuff right now. Like the beans and the tortilla. It needs some sauce. That's seeing you guys vlog. You could take over from here. What do you call your fans? I don't really have a name. Let's make one right now. This serena, this is the serenator. Serenator. That's kind of cool. Okay, so that was like so random. Basically, I was just at the drive-through and they were waiting for me to like drive up and then they were like, hey, we think we recognize you. I guess we have a ton of mutual friends and they do social media too. So that was so random. But I'm going to try their salad now. I got this because this is also a very popular vegan item here. I just got this salad without the cheese or the meat. I didn't even know it took play had salads. Like you just wouldn't think that they would, but don't touch a book by its cover. Oh wait, there's a dressing here. Zesty, apple cider vinegar, it is vegan. So I can put this on here. This is actually better than I expected. It has like a lot of different things in here. There's like blueberries, strawberries, apples. And the dressing is actually kind of sweet. This is actually a really good option if you're on the go and you're trying to be healthy. I will say this is probably like not very filling just because there's no protein or substance really. I would say the salad is just solid in a half out of 10. The wrap, like a one. Okay, next up we're at Jack in the Box. I think I've only made here like once for a video. This is also the worst angle ever. Versus have this chicken teriyaki bowl, but you ask for it without chicken and extra veggies. They also have spicy corn sticks here. Kind of sounds sketchy. Can I have a chicken teriyaki bowl? And can I get that without the meat and extra veggies? Do you have spicy corn sticks here? No. Oh, maybe that was just something I saw online. Are you talking about the ones that they're going to sell in? I just saw that you could order those here and they were vegan. So, yeah. Okay, could I order one of those? Are you talking about these? Yes. I think so. So I got Jack in the Box food. I'm getting so full. Like I got this. Oh my gosh, it's hot. Yeah, this is really hot. I got two things from Jack in the Box. The first thing I got is this bowl. I really don't know what this is. It's just like a chicken bowl, but without the chicken. Um, when I googled Jack in the Box vegan options, this is like this hot thing that came up. Can you see the steam, bro? I'm so confused. What is in here? Does not smell good. This is honestly so bland. There's like no flavor at all. If you're like really healthy, this is the move. There's no sauce in this. I think because since they asked for it without chicken, I think the chicken is usually prepared in a sauce or something. It's literally just rice and vegetables. And there's like no salt either. You know, I'm right. The salt is like five out of 10. I feel like I could have made this at my house very easily, but there's just like nothing good about this at all, except for the rice. The rice is good. I will admit. So the very last thing I have to try is this spicy corn, sticks and stones. Wait, what? Spicy corn, sticks and stones may break my bones, but salad will never hurt me. I mean, they aren't wrong. Salad can only benefit your health. It literally just says that on the wrapper. I saw these also online when I looked at for vegan options at Jack in the Box. And I was so confused as to what they were. I guess this is just like a salad topping. I thought it was like an actual food item, but we're gonna try it nonetheless. I mean, like, they're okay. They kind of just taste like fritos to me. I think that's what the employee said too. Okay, I can feel the spice now. I feel like by themselves, they're just like not that good. But maybe if you put them on top of a salad, it would spice it up a little bit, add some flavor. I'll give those a seven out of 10. This was actually such a fun night. I will say of all of the fast food restaurants we went to, I think Burger King was my favorite. Just by offering a veggie burger alone is such a nice thing. I feel like a lot of fast food restaurants just don't offer foods specifically for vegans. Like, you have to make special orders and stuff. And the food was just pretty good. I hope this was fun. I feel like we went on a little adventure together. But I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.