 Good morning guys! It's Sid and welcome to today's vlog! I also wanted to thank Shin for partnering with me on today's vlog. By the way, you can use my code Sid for 15% off the entire site. I'm starting out the morning by going to Johnmajuice before class. I actually have class in like 30 minutes so this is kind of pushing it. Hopefully I get there in time. I just was really craving a smoothie this morning and I was too lazy to make one. And also like for some reason the smoothies always taste so much better. At Johnma, then like the ones I make in my house. I always get the peanut butter banana protein from here and it tastes different every time. But like it's still good somehow. Every time. Even though it tastes different every time. Anyways, I have to get to class. Actually urgently I have class very soon so. Hi. That's all you're gonna give the vlog. You literally asked me. Happy tea post to say. How are we feeling guys about school today? It's just school's not a priority anymore. Guys, I just got out of class. Yes. Also my class after got canceled which very happy about. So I'm out early. It's only 1 pm. Love this for me. I'm gonna have to get to the movies and I'll have to know this. Last night I went to the grocery store to get groceries obviously and I got a couple frozen meals because I knew I would have such a busy day today. And then I left them in my car. So I have no food because they went bad because I forgot to put them in the freezer. Can I do a kid's meal with the chicken nuggets and the fries? All right. Did you want the kids to? I don't know. Thank you. Anyways, some more of the story is don't forget your frozen pasta in your car because then you can't eat it and not only will you be wasting money on food but you'll also have a car that smells like. Sorry. It's like it's the truth. One of my favorite things ever is when I come home to a package, a close. And I just did that. And it kind of made my day. So yeah, I got a package from Sheen in the Mail and I've worked with them before. I am really excited to be working with them again on this video. They're basically working with a ton of different designers right now to showcase the work and get the more visibility. Oh my god, I love this. The first piece is this jacket. This actually couldn't have come in a better time. I'm going to claw around them next week and I need a jacket. But yeah, it's just this puffer jacket. I love how this is cropped. Something I have really been into are vests. And I don't know if it's just because I keep seeing them on my Pinterest and then subconsciously I'm like wanting them more. I got this nude one. And this is like definitely one of my favorite colors for fall. It's just like a basic beige. With a black long sleeve top under this, I think it would be super super cute. So this is a sheer nude top again. What drew me to this was the collar. I just feel like it's really unique and I just the fit of it looks really cute. I'm such a lover of long sleeves. So I saw this on the site. It looks so, I don't know if the word's dainty but the sleeves are super cool because they flare out at the end, which I think is very like classy and feminine. I thought this was really fun. This is a little, I don't know if it's, I guess the zebra skirt. And I actually, I feel like this would go so well with these boots that I got. Oh, that's cute. Okay, I didn't even plan that. I also got this dress. This is a long gray cinch dress, which I find to be like super flattering when the sides of dresses or tops are cinched. I also got this gray and white top. And I love like the geometric pattern to this. I feel like this would be really cute with white jeans. I also got this green top that has like a little cut out in the front of it. And it has like cut out in the shoulder, which I think is super fun. And lastly, I got this jean jacket. I love pockets here and I feel like the fit to this is going to be really nice and flattering because it kind of goes in at the bottom. I also forgot to show this tank top that I got from them. It's so soft and cozy. It's seriously like I want to sleep in it and also wear out. But yeah, that's my haul. It's really nice because she and does offer free returns within 45 days of your order. Also, if your order is over $49, they do first-generation shipping. Of course, I'm going to leave a link to everything down below for you guys. You can also use my code, sit for 15% off the entire Shin U.S. site. Hey guys, I'm with my brothers. Why was that so soft? That was such a soft opening. Shit. Get this one. Yeah. Sit like some boys over there. I never I never said that. You said I liked that when I never said that. They're gone. They left. No, they're not. They left. You like no one. Yeah, that's it. No guys, I seriously will be so mad. I'll be so mad. No, no, no, no, no. I'm serious. I'm serious. No, I'm serious. No, I'm serious. I never said that. You got to do it for the people. You guys said you're like, oh, I think you think he's cute. I never said that. And you said yeah. Yeah, you said yeah, she agreed. But I don't want to. Okay, so this one is for said we're going to go get. No, no, no, no. I think it's because I got my arm. You said you got a school like that. I stopped really. What are you saying? Are you saying like desperate boyfriend? We're amazing. Guys, so we're showing them my campus. Chapman. It's a Sunday today, so like not a lot of people are here. This came over a Sid's place. Look at how messy this whole place is. Bob, what'd you rate this place? Pretty messy. Look at these crumbs here. Look at these. Look at these salty crackers right here. I was sick. You were sick. When? Whoa. This was like two days ago from. Two days ago. Dude, the freaking germs are still alive. We decided to get ramen for dinner. Seb's got his ramen. Ew. Bob also got ramen. Ramen. Pretty good. That's all. That's it. What do you know? I do love the lights. I think it's so cute. We're actually like downtown orange right now in the circle. Oh, oh, there it goes. Is this how you use a spill? 10 out of 10. Okay, is this how you use a little bit of spillage over here? I mean, splash them. We brought this guy. We brought this guy. It's embarrassing. Where are we? There's a lot of energy right now that I can't comprehend. All they do is fight. I'm so scared. All they do is fight. You guys. We literally don't fight ever. We had a little tip. We're at Disneyland right now for no reason. Actually, why are we here? Why are we here? It's just like socks. So far, Seb's been on her phone the whole time. I haven't. All right guys, so we should get some banana bread pudding to make it worthwhile. How do you like it so far? What's your favorite thing? Besides socks. The pudding. We haven't had it yet. Okay. Guys, I convinced them to get bread pudding because they've never had it before and- It's just a piece of bread. I don't see pretty good. Okay. Well, wait, we shall try it together. You take the first bite. And- It's pretty good. It's raining out of 10. I mean, look at eight. Yeah. We're in for three. Wow, that's weird. That's like bread with brownie. But look, do you like pudding? It's moist. I hate that word, but like- Should I try with that spoon? Also, no one touched my area. Please. I want it. Seven point eight. Seven point eight for me too. Seven point eight is good. Okay. So as we know, this is not a cooking channel and I'm actually the worst at cooking because every time I cook on here, it's disgusting. But that's not sobbing me. I'm trying again. And I thought to give the Christmas spirit I would make my favorite Christmas cookie, which is called a peanut butter blossom and making them for the roommates. Are you doubting my cooking abilities? Or are you like- Oh my god, I'm full of pain. I think they're gonna be good. Do you think if I eat the batter, I'm gonna get sick. I just like always get freaked out because I see myself putting the raw egg in before. Like if you made it for me, I would eat it raw. But because like I made it and I put the egg in, like I visually like made the connection, but that's a bad thing. You gotta go home. You got it. Okay, next step is to roll the dough and sugar. My mom told me this because I always forget to do the step and it's not as good. I'm a little scared for sure. Before it. 321. 321, cheers. Yay. Oh. Mmm. It's pretty good. Crunchy but chewy. The center is like cut. Is it underdone? I don't know. But it's in a good way. I like when my cookies are really kind of raw. I cannot remember the last time I successfully did an outro. Like at this point, it's just sad. But anyways, I just want to just say I love you guys so much. And thank you so much for watching the vlog. Anyways, love you guys and I'll see you in my next vlog. Bye.