 Hey guys, it's said welcome back. It's been a little while since I filmed. Actually not really, it's been like a week, I'm just like dramatic. I'm gonna be doing a what I eat in a week this week. As a lot of you guys know, I am in college and eating in college is kind of difficult at least for me because I'm so busy and I never really like plan my meals. So I tried to do that this week and I have some recipes that I do actually enjoy. It's also gonna be just like very realistic what I'm eating this week. I'm really not like the best because I do go out to eat a lot so we'll see how this goes. Something I've been trying to do recently instead of going to Starbucks is make my own lattes, start with ice. The coffee I use is this iced blonde roast. I really don't know the differences. What? Over creamer. So this is just super easy, it's an oatmeal thing and then I'm just gonna put some strawberries on it. Okay so this is my breakfast. I put some peanut butter in here for good measure. Okay it's now lunch time. So I'm trying this Trader Joe's Southwest salad. Actually the reason I got this was because I saw a girl at Trader Joe's have this in her cart. It looked really good so then I like went back and got it. Okay oh my god. It has like onions tomato. It looks like there's just onion, black bean, peppers and corn. Right there. So I ended up at the nail salon so I think I'm either gonna get like a red or like four screen color. I just wanted to ask me some really curious does the weather like affect your guys mood. Like it's been a really cloudy day and it like significantly lowered my productivity and like mood. I'm so dumb. I'm in the bathroom. I'm just realized. I have her guy to put on shoes. I have my first one right now. I'm so dumb. Ah guys my nails. I love them. I think this is one of my favorite nail colors that I've gotten in like quite a while. I love them and I'm so happy. This just like made my day. Anyways I am gonna go home now. I have stuff at home to make lettuce wraps so I'm gonna try that. I am back home. It's dinner time. I'm gonna make these like lettuce wrap chicken things. See how it goes. I've been wanting to make these for actually like a really long time. I'm also not following the recipe for this. I'm just kind of guessing so hopefully it's good. So for the protein I'm using some ground chicken. My favorite olive oil is the scarlet olive oil. I really hate to joke about it because I just love garlic. In the meantime I'm shopping my vegetables. Onion, pepper and tomato. Oh whoa that was scary. Okay. Okay so my dinner is done. It definitely doesn't look like what I hoped for. It looks so bad. That front though. It could use like sauce so I'm gonna put on sour cream because there's what's all I have. It's actually not bad. It tastes like very fresh like but like what I make it again. Probably not. Ow. I'm not too good about it. It's like 10 pm. I had some pizza after my dinner because it didn't fill me up and I always have to have something sweet at night. Like I it's like in my blood. At this point I'd have to like have sugar in my body. So I'm having some of these dark chocolate peanut butter cup things that I got from Trader Joe's. I'm tired. So good night guys. Good morning. So I'm at school right now. It's actually 10 am. I feel like I'm making it look like it's like 6 am. It's not. I didn't have time to make myself breakfast but I grabbed a kind peanut butter bar. I also decided to bring an energy drink because I clearly need it. I put it in my water bottle with ice because it wasn't refrigerated because I forgot. It's actually my friends brand Annie Energy. I like it because I really like Celsius but Celsius sometimes can make me really like jittery and like shaky because there's so much caffeine in it. This only I think this has like half the amount and also just it tastes really good. It's like really good for you. So I think this is mine. Sometimes even my roommates get like the same food and it's so hard to know like who's is who's. But I've had this before. This is a plant-based burrito bowl. It's super easy because I can microwave it. Whenever I'm so hungry the last thing I want to do is cook. It doesn't look the prettiest but I added some sour cream. There's basically just black beans, rice, peppers. Okay it's a dinner time and I made another micro with meal because lazy. So tight's dinner is pasta. It's this five cheese lean cuisine pasta. It's really good and then I have this salad with it. This is my favorite salad from Trader Dose. Let me show you guys the package it comes in. They were out of it for so long but they just got it back in stock. It's this lemon, a rugula salad and that's my dinner. So remember how last night I told you guys that every... Do I have chocolate? Oh let's hope not. So I try to have like healthier sweets at night. Sort of. So this is my favorite. I'm having these true, true frozen chocolate covered raspberries. Tonight I'm gonna do some homework. I'm actually really excited because I'm working with Cheg on this video. I'm sure a lot of you have heard of Cheg. I've used Cheg for as long as I can remember in my school career. I want to say since middle school. Aside from online textbooks Cheg has a lot of just online study resources. It's really helpful especially if you're struggling in a class. One thing I really love to utilize from Cheg is the step-by-step solution because I can literally just take a photo of my homework question and submit it to them. You can just get really personalized help which is something that I really value and they have expert Q&A. So many awesome resources. If you want to check them out I have the Cheg study pack and you can actually get five dollars off your first month using the link in my description box. So I'll put it down below, make sure to check it out. I think it's super helpful and especially if you're struggling in school I feel like they all have that one class that really just kills us at least for me. That was chemistry and Cheg is just amazing. So the link is below it will save you. So yeah I'm gonna start right now for a little bit before I go to bed. Finish eating my berries. I don't know what all of them. I'm gonna light my candle, put my little lights on and get to work. Good morning guys. I'm not even kidding. I slept for 14 hours but I have a test today in like 30 minutes so I need to get ready. I finished my test. Actually better than expected. Now two o'clock and I'm eating my lunch. I had the snack earlier. I had like chips and sausage. I should drop to video in it. We're shooting very worth. Sorry but I'm at Starbucks. I'm having this impossible breakfast sandwich. I love this. It's like vegan or no it's not vegan. It's vegetarian and then I also got a new ice sugar. I eat almond milk latte. So I'm gonna try it right now. It's pretty good. I want to be teet. These actually just like throw me out because it's like literally not speedy. So I rallied myself. It's actually four now. I really just ate crackers all day because I tried to eat and then I felt like I was gonna throw up. So this teriyaki bowl comes with chicken, broccoli, carrots, green onion. It's so good. This really fills me up and I feel like I just need this today. And I honestly, is this my first time like eating out this week besides Starbucks? I think it is. Major moves for me people. So it's now 7 p.m. I haven't eaten since my lunch dinner thing that I had earlier and I'm actually gonna go to bed early. I'm like a little bit exhausted for no reason because I didn't like do hardly anything today. I don't know. I'm trying to eat these like snack mix pretzel thing from Trader Joe's. I really love this mix because it has peanuts, corn, wait corn sticks. I didn't know that was in there. Pretzels and like chips. It's really good. It's like kind of sweet and savory at the same time. The stomach is still so weird and I'm so annoying because I had some stuff that I was gonna make today. It's just realistic. I guess this is a very realistic week in my life. Yeah, but I guess not all days you feel your best. So I'm gonna eat some of this. I'm drinking some water and then I'm gonna go to bed and hopefully tomorrow's better today. Good morning. I just woke up this morning I'm feeling smoothing. So I think that's what I'm gonna do. I also have the worst pimple here so I'm like turning my face. I don't see it because I'm fake. I also feel fake because I don't go to UCLA. Good morning. My pimple is so bad. No, I'm not even gonna go there. It's fine. We don't need to manifest negativity today. I'm going to adopt deployment this morning and once it makes something really quick and easy and I haven't made my smoothie in a while. I used to make this all the time. And it's so good. It never fails me. So yeah, my breakfast. I also have some water with me. Yeah, I'm running late so I should go. Bye. Um, I've been the worst at vlogging today. I'm sorry. It was bound to happen at some point. My lunch was really not filling at all. I just didn't have time to make anything extravigate. So, I'm doing another microwave meal. I'm sorry. I'm having another link with me and this is a frozen pizza. I'm telling you guys they're my sails. In college they're what, you know, it's just easy. I also just don't have like anything else. So. That was our fridge.