 Today is my first last day of school ever. I'm proud to have you here. I'm proud to have you here. To LA. I'm proud to have you here. Um, yeah, it's my last first day of school today. I'm a senior in college, so this is it for me. I was able to sleep in this morning. You know, I don't start classes today till 2.30, which is really nice. I don't know if you guys know this yet. I have foster kiddies, so... Good morning. Look how tiny they are. Also, do you guys like my nails? I usually would feed them right now, but they ate two hours ago, because I fed them earlier. So I'm just gonna do a next thing, which is way them, because they're way better than morning. Okay. Okay, everything is clean now. Okay, I don't really have too much time for makeup this morning, but every morning I have to do my glow screen, so... What's nice about having last extensions, they don't have to do mascara ever. It saves so much time. I also shall already guys can probably tell that. Why do I have no motivations here at all for school? Not for school itself, but like, for looking cute. I'm wearing this white tank with my little necklace and earrings. Okay guys, I'm with Maya. Hello. My roommate. We're going to class. It's our first day today. I feel like we're looking weird on campus. It's like you've never seen something before. I'm on my way to my next class. It's nearly hours ago. I'm driving back. Okay guys, we got done with class early. Finally, I was going to drop it. I was trying to unknown me and Sydney will actually have to hang out outside the class. Check is walking down the streets of Orange, baby. So yeah, class is done. I'm walking home. Got out of an hour early, which is nice. I was also on the wait list for that class, so I was really nervous that he wouldn't let me in, but you're so nice. You're going to let me in. Okay, so I'm back from class. And now we're taking first day of school pictures. We were going to do this last year and then we never did. Okay. I love the vlog. Family photos. Our last first day because we're seniors. I am about to go to bed now. It's later. So I'm going to go to bed, but today was a good first day of class. My first class though, I didn't know anyone, which was kind of like, I was kind of an herbs about it. But then when I walked in, I actually knew like everybody. I just didn't know they were in the class. My second class also went well because I was off the wait list. But yeah, it was actually a pretty good first day, I would say. I feel like I'm already now back into this wing of things. Nice you. Good morning. I'm making my smoothie. Banana. Ice. Protein batter. My friend Franne showed me this recipe. So I'm copying it for her. I think I might have added a little bit to many oats, but it's still good. Hey guys, happy Tuesday. I don't have classes on Tuesdays or Thursdays or Fridays. I live class Monday Wednesday, which is so nice. And I didn't even like plan it that way, it just worked out. School the first week is actually quite easy for me usually. It's like syllabus week, you kind of just get intros to a lot of the classes. But one thing I do like to do is go through the syllabus and kind of look at like due dates at a time and just make note of the big project due dates. So I don't miss anything important. So my friends are here. I'm with Bailey and Ashley. Oh! We have to get medicine to the kiddies and I just thought I'd vlog it because it's actually a hard experience. I like it. It's a little bit more spicy. Oh, that's a little bit. Our last brain cells operating together. Thank God. You have a few minutes. Good job. Yes! It's fine. The trauma. I hope it's so strong. I'm going to have to cheat. Good morning vlog. So you might be wondering where am I going. Also, you cannot really see my body because the steering wheel is blocking it so it looks like my head's floating. I am on my way to LA. So basically last night was a kind of horrible night. After I vlogged me giving the kittens their medicine, the grey one. Honestly, almost died. It was quite horrifying. Vlog story short, she was just not eating and like fading. She's doing a lot better now. I think she's just sick so I am taking her and the other kiddie back to the shelter. Just so they can be seen by the vet and get what they need and then we're going to come back because I've classed at 230 and it's 9.30 right now. So you know, this is an interesting start to the day. Wow, and that's my cue. Goodbye. I got back from the vet. It's 250 and I'm with Maya again. We're walking to class like literally in a hundred degree key. It's so hot. I have my SEC 400 class strategic corporate communication class which I have Monday. I'm in my next class, guys. This is a 3 hour class. This is for the vlog. Oh my god, that's a vlog. No, it's a nice bag. She is my big indeed. The one is indeed cute. Also Jessie is her. We're late. We're on a break and we really went to Starbucks to get a drink and now we're late and we're going to walk back into class. I'm sorry. She got a drink. Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Update, we got out early and I'm walking home because now I'm a break. This is my transportation. Eight my dinner. Really quick. Now it's time for me to go to my last class. I've never had a night class at Chapman before or just ever. So having a 7 to 10 pan is going to be really interesting. I'm kind of excited for it. Explain why. I just feel like being at school at night is kind of a fun idea to me. And I'm maybe glamorizing it. I've also been really excited for this class and specific because it's a negotiation and power class. Which sounds really interesting to me. I love learning about negotiation. I feel like red books about it. So. Yeah. Jessie. Jessie, do you know where in the class is? I don't know. I just got out early. Which love that. I feel so interesting walking around campus this late at night. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I kind of like like late classes. It's fun at night. Yeah, you want to? I just want to say if you got your mom, give her mom a hug. That is so true. I'll be here. Keep going nice tonight, I think. Today I didn't vlog because I was kind of sick earlier. It's not contagious. It's like, we can get sick. It's time to tell us. I want to introduce. I'm with Jay. And Mary. Hello. And we're going out tonight because Thursday nights I'll chat in a lot of people go to the D, which is called the district, which is the bar here. Jake doesn't even go here. People think I do though, I get DMs. Sometimes like, Jake's like, how do you like chat men? Like, Jake, I'm coming to chat men. I'm like, okay. You won't be seeing me. I have on this black tube top and then cargo pants. Looks good, Sid. Okay guys, I'm with my friend. What's up? Do you guys want to like introduce yourself? Yeah, no free asses. Oh, not on hold it. You can hold it. Henry. What did I say? Your name. Oh, I'm Tony. He goes by. We're at the bar. Where are they? Oh, we're going to the bar. We're going to the bar. Oh, right. Good morning. Good morning. It's the next day for Friday. I have no class today again, which is so nice. Last semester? Whatever we would go though, I'd have to get up early, do you remember? Oh, yeah, I would like sleep in and then say we'll just get up in a little class. Yeah. We're arriving this year. Senior year, baby. Senior year, slow. Last time was really fun. We always want to get to shore. We want to get to shore. After we go out, it's like a ritual. We have our little ice mill lattes. And we're deep-re thing. Because that's what you do after an idol. It's a little unpack because last night. Last night. I'm just kidding. I can't put that in. Be true. Oh, all right, Mr. Williams. Bye guys.