 Hey guys, it's Sid. I don't know if a lot of you guys ever experienced this, but sometimes I get into ruts. I get really overwhelmed with things and then things start piling up and then I start neglecting the things that I should be prioritizing. It's just like a productivity thing. I don't know. It's currently Saturday and I don't even kind of vlog my weekend and try to just film me getting my life together. I hate that term because it's like no one has their life together. But making things a little bit better and we're organized for myself. I have actually put together a little to-do list of the things that I need to be doing. Vlogs like this really motivate me as well so I hope this motivates you guys. If you're in a little funk, a little red, first things first, I need to get my brows done. So let's go. Let's spend more. What the fuck? I got my brows done. You guys, I think they look so good. I try to go more frequently now. Next up on my list. I love crossing things off. It's so satisfying. Brows done. I missed that. I did run an errand. I didn't vlog yet. I just had to get calender. I don't think you guys care enough to see that. Next up I'm going to do laundry and clean my room. I have to do both because- I have so much laundry to do. Look how full that is. I feel like you know it's bad when you're at the point where you're trying to wear things out but you constantly keep reminding yourself that they're dirty in the hamper and then you've run through outfit options but everything is dirty. This is great. She's my foster kitty. Sorry. The baby voice really comes out. I catch myself talking in the baby voice way too often. It's bleeding into my friendships which is concerning. So something kind of strange about Orange County is that we do our laundry in our garages. Actually, maybe it's not strange. Maybe that's normal. There's an optino in my room. It's looking a lot better. Something that I do need to do is study today. I set a timer on my phone for 25 minutes. I spend that time studying and then I have a five minute break and then I just repeat that cycle like two, three, four times. Also I do sometimes set my phone on another room because I like get distracted. Now I'm with my roomie, Maya. We like to take some time to play with the kittens because they need to be socialized. It's kind of a part of the fostering job. So being a mother, things change. I like to capture moments with my kittens so as a lot of you guys know I did switch to the Samsung Z Flip 4. What I really like about this is that I was trying my roommates. We can use flex mode on it so we can take pictures of like all of us without even having to hold it. So to capture a hands-free content, I just flip it like this. I set it on a surface and then I put my hand up and it will automatically take a picture. I also really like it because it is compatible with all of my other Galaxy devices like the Buds and the Watch. And it allows for seamless connectivity so I can easily transfer photos or anything that I want to my other devices. The fact that it is compact and portable, like we can have it always on hand. Especially with the cats, like I feel like there's a lot of cute moments with them that we want to capture. It's just so cool. It reminds me of my childhood when we all had those little flip-tones. It is very nostalgic, like feeling. I have convinced her she might switch. Maybe the pink one? More of my five. So if you guys want to check it out, I'll put the link in the description box so you can get one for yourself. It is my favorite time of the day. Skincare time. If you guys have watched me, you know I am a huge, huge fan for skincare. This is just truly like the one part of my day where I can be alone doing something I really love for myself. I think it's just really good to find those like things that you enjoy that are good for you. So just before I do my face mask, I'm going to wash my face. So I thought it would be kind of fun to switch things up and try to DIY make a face mask. I used to do this when I was like 13. So I found with this online it's a hydrating face mask. The recipe calls for avocado, honey and oats and you just kind of combine them together. This mask does look a touch unsettling. You know, I don't really know how I feel about it, but it's supposed to be hydrating. That's the purpose of this mask. So, oh, it's something about putting avocado on my face. Fills unsettling. Yeah, this does feel strange. No. Uh-uh. Uh-uh. I'm a major, I majorly mess this up. Like I clearly did not blend the avocado enough. Um, okay. I will circle back with you guys in 10 minutes. How it's feeling. How it's working. Mass is coming off. It's kind of burning for some reason. I don't know why it's burning on my face. I do have sensitive skin, so I should have known this was coming. So, I don't think that worked out too well for me. My skin is kind of itching. I don't know if that's normal. I saved a say I won't be doing it again. That's going to be all for my day. Thank you guys for watching. I hope that this motivated you guys and I hope you enjoyed my little productive vlog. At least I try to be productive. I love you guys so much and I'll see you in my next vlog. Bye, guys.