 Hey guys, it's Sid. Welcome to today's vlog. I'm back. Today is Sunday. I woke up early this morning and not by choice. My neighbor's dogs started barking, so so salty. Today I am kind of just doing like a fun cleaning. Okay, that sounds so. Oh my god. I think that means I'm getting old. The fact that I was just like a fun cleaning day, that's concerning. I'm going grocery shopping and kind of just stuff to get me ready for the week. I've been eating out so much and the irony of it all is that before I go grocery shopping, I'm actually eating out. This was actually my first time going to this restaurant. I got this veggie chicken bowl. Okay, I finished eating and my dad's now face timing. The biking is game and it's getting heated. Oh my gosh. I've been to the grocery store and I got everything but basil. You know, here's the thing I tried. There is no basil. I don't know if there's a shortage of basil or something. The fact that I got so much stuff though and target all this other food except basil, like someone helped me. Oh my god. Please tell me. Oh my god. I never saw I would see the day. Kachink, Kachow. I just got back from the grocery store. I decided to put stuff to make this pasta salad so I got some mozzarella tomatoes. What we already know. The basil and the pasta. I got the bowtie pasta this time. I haven't had this in so long. I also decided to get a lot. I got literally so many lemons. I just been wanting to put these in my water in the morning. Oh, I also got these pumpkin cookies. I thought it would be fun if they made this tonight. Those are so good. I know. Also to keep the immune system up, I did see these health shots. I got a turmeric one and a ginger one. I'm just going to do the ginger one right now. Oh gosh. I need like a taser or something. I'm scared. Okay. Oh god. Oh my eyes are watering. I don't have a cutting board because I'm ratchet. This is ratchet cooking. Oh gosh. Oh my god. That wasn't the light. My dinner is finally made. It's good. I'm going to cry because it's like way longer than I want it in it. Definitely over did it with the dressing. It's healthy. That's for sure. I expected worse but I also expected better. Okay. This is solid. Six. But because I made it, I'm giving it a. It's not bad. Really? Yeah. You mean it? Yeah. Now that's in our sauce, I'm making cookies. Good morning. I'm tired. It is currently 9.50. That's like the sad thing is it's not even. Like that early. So I just got to school actually. I mean my parking garage. Gosh. I keep feeling sneeze coming on. As I was saying, it's Monday morning and I have class today. I was like going to vlog where I was leaving and I made a smoothie that I already drank. I had like some blueberry strawberries, banana, protein powder, oatmeal. It was really good. Parking at this school is so hard. Like I have to get here early. I don't even have class for another hour but I know if I don't come early, parking will suck. I also don't know if like I'm supposed to park here. I got into class and Maddie got me Starbucks. Hey guys. So I got from class like an hour ago and I kind of just chilled. I ate. I did try to take a nap but it didn't work. I wanted to show you guys some of the packages that I actually got because I got home and there was like so much stuff. So it kind of feels like Christmas today. Oh. This is nice. I expected it to be a bill but it's actually a check. That's fun. My mom sent me something. Look how cute my mom is so cute. She sends me stuff all the time. It makes my day. Whenever she sends me a package it's just so cute. Oh she sent me a book. I think she's telling me about this. Called Atomic Habits. I've been reading a lot more recently so. Oh my god and she even got me a card. Sydney don't feel pressure to use this for your book club. Love you. I'm actually a book club with my friend. Me and my friend will like make a book club but we like we didn't really mean to and then we kind of just have it now and it's actually been so much fun so also it's not even a book club because it's literally just me and Will. This one is from It Cosmetics. This is so cute. Oh my gosh look. They sent me their makeup eraser so you can get all of your makeup off with literally this and just water. That's so interesting. I'll have to try it. Oh they also sent me a couple of their mascaras. Thank you It Cosmetics. It's so cute. I keep saying oh my god. Any more addictives. My mom also sent me this which I haven't opened yet. I love how she has every package come with the card. Oh my gosh. She really sent me a waffle maker and vegetable oil. Like literally making waffles the size of my hand. Thank you mom for the sweet packages. I love them and I miss you if you're watching this. Okay guys I'm on a vlog roll so like I have to just keep vlogging today. You know I can't stop now so I'm going to my oh this is out of focus. Maybe I shouldn't be a YouTuber. I'm now going to my acting class. It's seven. Well it's almost seven p.m. and I'm so annoyed because this morning I washed my hair and then it got really greasy after school. I was like what the heck? Why is my hair so waily right here? And then I realized it's because there was chapstick in my brush. So when I was brushing my hair I was literally putting Vaseline in my hair. Oh someone eyeliner is super wack right now. So anyways I'm a mess but I'm really excited for acting class because this is my first one of this series I guess. I'm really excited for this one and I don't want to be late so I should go. Bye! Going to the wrong location. I'm so dumb. They changed locations to across the street. So I'm not from there. And I thought it was maybe early and out in late so this was a embarrassing for me. Sorry I went to the wrong place. Oh thank you. Class just ended. It went really well. Now I have to make the longest walk back. It's my car because I went to the wrong place in case you guys forgot. Hey guys happy Tuesday. I'm going to school with Nadi. I woke up early this morning like grocery shopping. I got a shower in 10 minutes and left. I honestly don't even know why I put on today. After class we're but after class we're going to get our nails done. Get our brows done. We're going to get our nails done. My nails. I've had these French ones for quite a while and I think I'm going to do like fall. Like new type. New type beat. I'm with Nadi. Not me walking past it. I got my nails done. This is what they look like. I just had to go for like a fall neutral color palette. I also can hardly see right now. I really like them. They kind of are shorter than I usually go for but I think these colors together are really pretty. Nadi got her nails done too.