 Good morning guys. Welcome back to another vlog the day in my life I'm so tired because last night It takes so much peanut butter But it's disgusting. Oh, okay. It's just scary look at it. Sorry for your eyes I'm so exhausted because I went to a late last night and a way is like a good hour for me But I go there like kind of a lot just because I have a lot of friends there So I didn't get back home and I didn't go to bed to like 1am Which I need to stop doing because my sleep schedule is horrifying right now Despite the fact that I have my own bathroom and a desk I still always get ready in front of my mirror on the floor I figured I should give you guys a little rundown of my day I've kind of been in a rut the past few days and I get like really in func sometimes where I just feel really Unmotivated to do things the only way for me to really get out of it is to force myself Into doing things and then I just kind of pick myself up out of it usually I made a big fat to-do list for me to do today Today's gonna be a really fun day though. So on today's agenda I have to run a few errands including Sephora Also, I really do need a pedicure. I feel like it just needs to happen I booked a study room at my school for later today because I need to get some things done and study rooms Really helped to keep me focused and then I have a little party tonight with my friend He invited me to his like date party thing we're dressing up as mr. Mrs. Smith. I'm so excited. I'm gonna vlog back Oh no Dropping your earring back is like the worst thing ever This This is the perfume gonna work today. This is the YSL black opium perfume Okay, I'm out of my house and I am on my way to Starbucks I know I kind of already talked about it But I actually have been in like a weird func these past couple days and I haven't really Left my house that much. It makes it for me going to a lay last night I guess I feel like I'm like really prone to getting in them if I'm not busy and I feel like being busy Really like helps me mentally otherwise. I just sit in my room and overthink everything So I feel like I get bored easily and then like my brain Makes problems for itself that I don't even have Hey, what's with the Starbucks? How you doing good? How are you doing? What's in the paradise drink refresher? Is it good? I do like it Thank you, thank you, too. Okay, I decided to try something different this time. I am so predictable You guys know I always get the same thing the strawberry refresher and I was like I saw this and this seems more Fun I guess this is basically the refresher, but pineapple version to strawberry Oh Wait, but I don't know like why I expected to say it's horrible, but this is actually so good if you like peanut coladas Try this I envy like my friends that can get drinks from Starbucks and they don't have to scarf it down I don't know what it is in my brain that like tells me that I need to drink this in two minutes and finish it I Don't think I have a gun like a pedicure that I've loved the ball of color so much I want to show you guys, but also I just like a hate showing my feet on camera if this was on wikifie I'm literally done anyways. I'm gonna run to Sephora really quick and pick up a few things that I have been needing I So bummed because I really wanted to try the lip oil by rare bee, but of course they're also out even the samples are gone like what? You know what this means it's all time Sephora is like the best place to go if you need to pick me up and I don't know I just get so much serotonin when I'm in that store I did go in there wanting to try a new lip oil So this wasn't really that impulsive. This is one of the Sephora collection lip oils supposed to have like a plumping effect So I want to try it on my lips This is perfect. This is exactly what I was looking for. Oh my gosh. I love this color I wanted to get a color that kind of match my lip color, but better I think it was only like 10 bucks too, so um what else did I get? I decided to pick up this I've used this before and I love it It's the it cosmetics buy-by-pours you guys know I have the most sensitive skin and it cosmetics I can never go wrong with their products are super gentle It comes with this little dropper you just rub a few drops of this onto your skin and it really helps to improve skin texture and all of that I am a massive Charlotte Tilbury fan and I was shocked to see that they even had these in stock these are their beauty blush ones I got one of these in a different shade a few months ago, but I wanted to try a different color It's definitely very vibrant, but I feel like a little bit of this will go a long way Selena Gomez is my favorite person in the world and I love her beauty by her So I decided to try this this is the light medium always an optimist setting powder I thought this would be fun to try I love trying new products and just seeing how I like them I think one of the brands I've worn the most since I was young like back to middle school is benefit cosmetics I'm sure a lot of you guys can relate I saw they had a ton of fun powder blushes And this shade just seemed really pretty it almost looks like if I got really tan at the beach But it turned into a little rosy blush color of course I had another lip product Do I need more no I love Laura Mercier and they have these like lip matte crayons and I just want to show you guys Look how pretty and like hydrating it is but now I'm gonna go actually get some work done I'm gonna study my school's library. I live like two seconds down the street for my school I always get so much more done when I'm not working in my bedroom. So I'm gonna take the seat I actually got so much more done studying than I thought I would somehow myself But right now it is 819 and I am gonna get ready because I'm going to my friends date party They're doing like a duo costume thing. So me and my friend are dressing up as a mister and Mrs. Smith since they're an iconic duo I haven't been out in so long and I'm just like I don't know senior years So happy and sad at the same time because I absolutely loved college and like nights like these just make me realize Like this is one of my last times going out in college. So we're creating a specific scene and Mr. Miss Smith I'm gonna put a picture of it right here yet. This was not my idea. This was his But I love it because I love Angelina Dopey like a obsessed with her. So I was like immediately yes Yeah, I kind of just threw together a little outfit for it I have these red boots. They're not like identical to what she's wearing But I also have this long sleeve white button down. I'm gonna try this on So once like Okay, the fit is on all things considered. I think it's pretty good I'm gonna throw a few curls in my hair quick. I actually did a Dyson era up recently I don't know if I told you guys, but I finally got it and wanting to get it for so long I lock it in a little bit of cold air at the end because they say that makes it last longer Oh Okay, my hair is done. It's Completely curled and I have my outfit on I'm ready to go. So our fit ended up actually looking pretty fire I feel like we did pretty good like this side by side photos aren't too different But yeah, we had so much fun I didn't really get a lot of videos from the actual party itself. This is like we're the pregame I don't know what I was doing in this But I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you next Sunday. Bye guys