 Good morning guys and welcome back. Good answer. Yeah. Oh cute. So today we're doing another daily vlog. You guys know the drill by now. I'm going to shower. Hey guys. Pre-usual. We're doing another vlog. I hope you guys are excited. Or not. I don't know. I'm going to give you guys the little rundown. Something I like to do is I'll go into the notes app on my phone and then rank my to-do list in order. So I usually have like around 10 to 15 things to do that day and then I just delete them once everyone is done. And it's really satisfying that way. Anyways, so this is the list for today. Also do you guys like my shirt? Rest in peace, branchalina. Honestly, it does affect me to this day. So my schedule for today is I have to deposit a check and then add to mail forms to my investors. Then I have a talk to appointment where I have to get my blood drawn. It gets better though because then I have to go to Sephora. After Sephora, I have a study room that I booked at my school so I can do a lot of homework that I absolutely need to do today. And then today I have a little dance thing with my sorority. Yes, that's kind of my list for today. That's today's agenda. I might vlog tomorrow too. We're going to see. Because tomorrow I'm getting my hair done, sometimes I have a side of work. So first up is Wells Fargo. I don't know how I feel about the vlogging in Wells Fargo. Actually, I do know how I feel and I don't want to do it. I feel like it's a weird place to vlog. I'm going to do it anyways for you guys. I'm here for the check. Okay. I love you now. Thank you. Oh God. I never part close enough. So I'm dumb. And I mixed up the time that I thought my dog was waiting for me. My appointment isn't for another 45 minutes. So since I have a little extra time, you guys just know. Like I don't need enough to say where I went. I got my usual Grande Strabriasse refresher with light lemonade. I'm honestly surprised that I'm not sick of this yet. Off to get my blood drawn. Okay, I'm here. I'll take my blood drawn. Let's have this go as well. No, too old for that. Sorry. Well, that went much better than expected. I just get in my head sometimes and I literally have passed out like, I think like three times from getting my blood drawn. So yeah, did it. I know it's like not that big. I'm going to accomplish it for me, but for me it is. Next up is one of my favorite places to go, which is Sephora. So let's go. Okay, I'm now at JCPenny because they have a Sephora in here. I'll have to get a few things. Okay, that was a fail. They didn't have it. So I'm going to go to another one because I'm that desperate for this one blush and I will do anything to get it. I don't know how I did it, but I managed to go into Sephora and only by one thing. So yeah, I just picked up my blush that I ran out of. This is the Ilya Multi Stick blush. It also can be used on your lips. Ilya actually was so nice and they sent me this in the shade Dreamer a couple months back and I literally used all of it, which is kind of rare for me to go through a whole product and run out. So I love it. This time I decided to get a different shade. I got it at last. Like I said, you can put this on your lips and on your cheeks, which I kind of like already have a lot on because I was like testing it. This is such a good one. Like I don't know, I'm screaming. Okay, because it's creamy enough where it can like blend into your skin and it kind of like melts into your skin. It doesn't look like you're even wearing a blush or lip color. Something I've been doing recently that I discovered is renting a side room at my school's library. So I just rented this room in the Chapman library. So quiet. It's so peaceful. I feel like when I get out of my house, I work so much more effectively. So yeah, I'm just going to work here on Homework and Stuff for a couple hours. Oh, you can watch it. This is a manual desk and for heat the food I'm using for the work guys. I think I'm going to write something. Alright, it's later. I'm with a special guest. Hi. I am the worst friend ever. I don't know why I didn't introduce her name. Her name is Mary. We are about to get ready for this thing called Banta Ball. Um, don't really know what it is. So we're excited though. Our sorority is basically pairing with the fraternity on campus and then we do like a little ball event for it. So yeah, we're gonna get dressed up and everything. Get ready. I'm actually going like this. Also, we don't even know where it is. Yeah, it's a blunt. It's like random. Yeah. I'm thinking nothing too crazy. Recently I've been trying not to wear foundation and it's actually kind of like helped my skin. Really? I can't do makeup for the life of me. So I'm thinking mascara, highlight and lip clumper. Okay guys, we got ready. Here's our outfit. This is our fix. My dress is from... Mine is from Windsor. Oh, cute. Love Windsor. You know, the only issue is that my purse is like it doesn't match. It's cream and it's a white dress. No, but it's a statement. Like a good statement. You don't think? I just think it doesn't match. I'm like, how's the lighting so early on? I love what you did. It's so pretty. I just think I might bring the light up more. Okay, so we're toning right now. Or what are we doing? We are rinsing the bleach out. I'm excited. So when you have little teeny highlights like this, this is how you really get it to look seamless. It's a slower grow out and it's a semi permanent and you just go like this and this will really make it so it's a slow grow out and seamless lines and it won't have those stripy pieces. So root tap is the answer. Yeah. So not having stripy hair. I did have that one. Okay guys, so my hair is now done. I love it. I think it looks so good. Rebecca does such a good job with my hair. I just love the blonde. I just wanted like a natural more lighter look for summer. She also said it's going to lighten up the next two to three washes because she had to put toner in it.