 Hey guys, it's said and welcome to the vlog. I am vlogging today. And my room is messy. Oops. Hi guys, it's said welcome to today's vlog. I forgot to say that a couple of videos ago when everyone got really upset because I always say it and I like didn't. So I'm sorry. Today I have a busy day. I actually wasn't even playing on vlogging today, but I saw my camera and I actually feel like a pretty fun packed busy day ahead. Pretty like typical call today in my life I would say. I thought I would show you guys my outfit actually before I go to class. Some days I dress up and then some days I just don't care at all, but today I actually tried. I'm wearing this black ribbed tank top from Zara. And then I decided to pair it with this screen button up from Princess Polly. And then I'm wearing my favorite jeans right now. These are from Zara. I just absolutely love. I think these are like mom jeans and then my shoes are from naked wolf. And that's my outfit. In the mornings before my school starts, I like 11. I usually like to go do some work at like the library at school. Today I'm like just doing it in my room. I really like to use this time to respond to emails, work on video stuff, or homework, or studying, or homework again. It's usually just homework. Hey guys, I'm now at school with Ashley. We have Pots together at 11am. Theories of persuasion. Mm-hmm. In our writing. It's called our power. Yeah, he created like a whole like song for the class and everything with air horns. I'm excited. I haven't seen it because I was sick. If he doesn't use the song this time, I'm gonna be so disappointed. I'm out. I really regret my like visco phase right about now. Just because I think it shows the reality this class and people. Okay, she got back from class and now our house reeks. Yeah, the drain is really just just just up. Okay, honestly, I don't even want to go out of school. It's like, it's so bad. It's not so bad. Oh my god, it's so bad. So let's deep breathe. Our drain is busted. It smells like vomit. I mean, the rice crisis needs to help numb the pain. You might not want to eat that after you smell that. Now that class is done. I have a doctor's appointment. Actually like 30 minutes. So I really should just be leaving. But I really want coffee. And I've been making my own. So for my coffee recipe. I use this espresso that I put in my oatmeal or put in my non-dairy caramel mackyato creamer. I hope this is good. I cannot overdo it on the creamer. This is the final product. Just like Starbucks. Okay, it's kind of weird this time. Oh my gosh. So many smells bad in here. My car like smells worse than our bathroom right now. Yesterday I went and got my carpet cleaned because I spilled coffee all over the floor. It smelled bad, but now it still smells bad. So I'm like, do they like not clean it, right? Oh my god, everything smells bad today. Hey, hey, me too. So much. Tell me why it almost passed out. Actually, I'm really proud of myself. I didn't pass out because I have a really bad track record with getting my blood drawn and passing out. I was pretty close. The lady was like, are you all right? I think I'm fine. But then in the past I've said I was fine and then I passed out after. It's all like a mental game for me. It's so annoying. But I didn't pass out this time. So, so when in my book? Ow. Tott. Microwave pasta. I'm so healthy. So a couple minutes later, I ate lunch or dinner. I ate dinner. And now I have, I'm going to a meeting with my friend Justin for school board. Oh my god, I started so ugly. Hi. I got the shower. So can we talk about it? Six o'clock and it starts at six. Yeah, we have a whole meeting at six and it's currently six p.m. It's so relayed. But it's fine. Here we go. Hey, we're here. We're, I'm so ugly. Hi. I'm just a little bit of a man who's just some sivana rava and, that's my way. U.P.B is like for the school. You're like playing a band and stuff like that. Plans of beds. You're a community at the Chattano University. We're on the marketing committee. And we're doing no marketing right now because we're four minutes late. Yeah. Yeah. We walked in like 10 minutes late last night. We were at a U.P.B. thing and we did for karaoke together. Yeah, I was like, can you karaoke? It was pretty fun. We like saying karaoke in front of everyone. We did toxic rainy sprays. Um, fragrant knee. I was kind of embarrassed for some reason. Yeah, because we were singing a near legit. We're like, The audience wasn't, the audience wasn't hyped. Like, I'm just going to be honest. Like, where was their energy? I was literally singing. They're like, free to roll. Free to roll. Okay, guys, it's later. Like an hour later for the meeting. And I'm in how many golfing with Will and Maya and Justin. Oh. Oh, so that went off the course. So guys, you know, if you'd champion here, do a little review on ice cream. Let's get after it. Oh, vegan ice cream review. Let's go. Oh, get it. I'm going to give this like, rating wise skill one to ten, like, uh, eight and a half. Okay. I mean, how about questioning the flavor I ordered? What flavor? Rocky robe. I'm going to give it a heart rate. I'm going to give it a seven and a half. What? Little little playing on the peanut butter. It's a little like, uh, yeah. Okay, that's a little harsh. A little harsh. Yeah. I said, wow. Good morning. That's convene. Oh gosh. First things on the agenda. I look busted. But that's okay. I just woke up. Not even that early. It's literally like nine o'clock. I have to get ready like really fast because I have to go to school and like study for a test that I have to say. So that's fun. It's for my like research methods class and it's kind of like a midterm. I already studied like a lot this week, but I feel like I just need to and I need to prepare more. The issue is that I also have a phone call before with an investor I work with. So I'm trying to have time to do both before my class. That's 1130. But I should just like get up. I'm just so tired. Here we go. I'm having a sandwich for lunch even though it's only 10 30 am. Hey guys. My test is done. I know. I feel like it went pretty well. There's a couple you know that I wasn't sure of. But, eh, let's hope it's best. I am now Starbucks. It's 130. I'm gonna do some more studying and homework because I have a lot. It's kind of like midterm season right now. I find myself to be more productive when I'm not studying in my room. I just give them more distracted. I don't know. Yeah. I'm tired. It's now a couple hours later. I got home from studying and working which actually got like so sidetracked. Unfortunately, like I went to Starbucks to do three things and I didn't do any of the three things. I did like three other things that I wasn't even supposed to do. But I just hopped out of the shower. I'm gonna get ready now. It's 6.15 pm. And tonight I'm actually going out with one of my friends. We're going to leave a little bar right on campus or not on campus like right next to campus. A lot of kids from Chapman go here on Thursdays. I went out a few Thursdays ago and it was super fun. Except we had to wait literally like an hour to get in. Yeah, so that's not gonna happen again. So that's why I'm going a lot earlier. And I think I'm gonna wear. I got this like really cute corset type outfit from Urban Outfitters. So you want to see my full makeup routine post of the video on YouTube. You know where to find it. Okay guys, I'm running really late and my room is actually a mess. But if you guys are my family at this point, so this is the outfit. I'm wearing this top from Urban Outfitters. I'm so excited. I finally wearing it out. Like I've had this my closet for like a month now and I just haven't had a place to wear it to. And then I'm wearing these layered necklaces that I kind of like always wear from Prince Polly, jeans, and these boots. And we're off. This is college being busy literally 24-7. I'm now at my friend's house and we're about to go out. So I want to end the vlog before I forget because I never remember. And this is like the one time I'm actually remembering. But I hope you guys liked watching. This was a really fun vlog. I feel like just because there's so much going on. Welcome to my life. But I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in my next vlog. Bye guys.