 Hey guys, it's Sid and welcome back. Hi guys! I want to get this one. We love you Sidney. Heartiering. Today I just know it's going to be a really good day because I'm going to start out by going to Starbucks. They came out with their new fall drinks yesterday. I just have to go. And then I have a few things I need to get done on my to-do list. I'm going to take you guys along with me. It's a sunny day and sunny day is just honestly make my mood 10 times better. I'm one of those people that the weather really affects my mood. Look how nice it looks out today. So sunny. My brother has some friends coming over later today so he set up a couple games for them. This is one of my first time using the glow drops by Drunk Elephant and I actually love them. I don't really know exactly what the day holds but it's more fun that way. Okay my makeup is done. It's definitely very glowy today but now I'm going to pick out my fit for today. I don't know what to wear. I think some color could be fun. Otherwise I could wear the skims body suit but I kind of want to wear a little bit more color today. I tend to gravitate toward more neutral colors when I dress. I'm going to try and like be more fun. Okay. I'm going to try and have more color in my wardrobe. So yeah I'm going to wear this for today and then I'm wearing these pants. I got from Aritzia when I was in New York if you watched that vlog. For jewelry I'm going to throw on a few rings today. I'm going to throw on this one. I wear every day and then this heart one that I just got and this other heart one from Brandy. Okay guys, should I wear these heart earrings or my gold hoops? I just feel like I always wear hoops and I want to switch it up but I honestly can't. They are a staple for a reason. Getting ready just makes me feel better. I honestly don't even really need to get ready. I just enjoy getting ready for my day. It really kind of like gives me a bit of a routine and just keeps me motivated. Ooh, before I go you guys. I just got these new shoes. I love them. I was on the wait list for so long. So these are the sambas by Adidas. I'm at Starbucks. You guys know I usually get the same thing, the strawberry refresher. But yesterday I came here because the fall drinks came out and I had the pumpkin chai and it was so so good. I feel like I'm just gonna be drinking that on rotation now. I just gonna obsess with the drink for a while. I let it run its course then once I'm sick of it, I replace it with something else. I also have been trying to see this one girl here. I think her name is Drew. She watches my videos so high for watching this and she's so sweet. She's always working at the drive-through. I just like her so much and I get so much PR. So if she's working, which I hope she is, I wanted to just give her some of these things. There's some foundations, some skincare and the super super cute Sally Hansen nail polish kit. I'm gonna try to throw it in this bag because I feel like that will be easier. Like is this allowed or like well I hope she's in getting trouble. I came here yesterday. She wasn't here so I'm just like hoping she's here. So can I get started for you? Hi, could I have the Grande Ice Pumpkin Chai please? Okay, 637. Thank you. I can't tell if this is her. Like I couldn't tell if it was her voice. Hi. How are you? Good, how are you? Good. Do you want PR? Like I brought some ice? Yeah. Are you curious? Yeah of course. That's why I got some. How hard about you every fricking day? We're lonely because I didn't bring other ice. I love it. Okay, so you're literally so nice. I know this is too much. No. No, I get so much stuff. Yes, yes of course. Do you want to be in my vlog? Oh my god. Yeah I do. I was telling them about you. How nice you are. Hi guys. Hi guys. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. That like made my week. That was so fun. They wrote this on there for me. We love you Sydney. How cute is that? She's just such a tough way of sometime. She makes my day so much better every time I'm there. She's so positive, so sweet. Drew, you're a very sweet girl. But this is the pumpkin chai and it's so good. You guys need to try this if you haven't. Okay, I decided to stop at Target really quick. Since I got my nails taken off, I want to at least paint them. I haven't painted my nails so well. I can't remember the last time I got nail polish and painted them. So I'm going to see if I can find a cute color. I think I'm going to get this one. I've been seeing this like on my social media. It's spy opiates and it's saying that I'm not about you. And I feel like it's just like the perfect ballet pink color. And there's only one left. So that means it was a sign. The best thing is Target's ever done was get an ultipotent. I feel like I spend so much money here. So I'm home now. So my brother just had to have some of his friends over and they're having this basketball tournament. Hi. My mom's so cute. She set this up for them. A little snack area, which is where I will be. You guys joining me for the food? Yeah. Yeah. I'm in charge of the music. Bye. All right, I think it's time to paint my nails. When I was at Target, by the way, I also grabbed this. This is a Sally Hanson nail fortifier. This is life-changing if you have brittle nails. Especially like whenever I get my acrylics taken off, my nails are really weak. I just put a couple coats of this on. And my nails are just less likely to break this way. But I'm so excited to paint my own nails. I cannot remember the last time that I did my own fingernail painting. This color is just perfect ballerina pink. So oh god, I'm actually like, I'm probably gonna be really bad. I kind of like the smell of nail polish. Do you guys also relate or no? I think it smells so good. It's kind of like when people like the smell of gasoline or chlorine in a pool. So, oh. So I did have to have my mom help me. I was just struggling severely. And then I remembered I live with my mom right now. So she was really sweet and she helped me make them look less horrible. Can you tell which hand I did and she did? Comment down below. Which hand did I do and which hand did she do? What's next on my list? Ooh, I think I'm gonna throw in some laundry actually. The pile is overflowing. So I am the worst with gifts. You know, I've been a rephrase that. I'm actually pretty good. I get them in advance. I try to be pretty thoughtful. But this time, I messed up. I got gifts for two of my best friends, they were my roommates last year. And we graduated in May. And I was going to be a great friend. I'm a great friend. I'm a great friend. I'm a great friend. I'm a great friend. I'm a great friend. I'm a great friend. I'm a great friend. I'm a great friend. I'm a great friend. I was going to give these to them. And then they just didn't come in time. They actually held up at the post office and stuff so it wasn't really my fault. I just wanna show you guys these because they're so precious. I got them on Etsy and I'm gonna go mail them really quick but before I package them up, I just need to show you guys. So there's three of us. And I got three different partner classes so you can see the heart is filled in a different spot for each of them. Let me go do this before anything else. I'm about to mail something from Maya and Ash. Do you have their address? I don't wanna ask them. The way it's literally the grad gift I got them in May. Honestly, I respect that. Okay, I got their address from one of their moms so now I can actually mail these. Yeah. Okay, I was driving up and I saw this box and pretty sure it's PR. It's two-faced. That's so exciting. We're gonna open this together. PR time, I'm with Rosie. PR is honestly the most amazing thing. I remember when I was 14 and I was 12. I was like, I was like, I'm 14 and I was 14. When I was like 14 and I was just starting YouTube, how much I wanted a box of PR? Like I just thought it was the coolest thing. Still to this day when I get PR, I get so excited. Two-faced is so cute. I love their products. Cloud, crush. Wow, that looks so pretty in the packaging. 10 out of 10. Oh, actually, I did get a package yesterday. A different one. Let me just do a little PR hall quick. Okay, so I have two other packages. This first one, I'm pretty sure, is from Colourpop. Ooh, wow, they sent a lot of fun things. There's some lip stuff, which you know is the first thing. I always open. It's like Christmas every day. They sent some other lip glosses. This blush stick. I am so happy they sent me this. This is a facial mist. I've been wanting to try more like face sprays. Okay, that's enough. Pop of beauty also sent me something. They sent some shadows and some blushes. A little lip plumper. A little hair. High thing. That was so fun. Thank you to those brands that sent me everything. I'm gonna make some dinner now. Okay, I'm done with the salad. And I made my mom one too and then she picked up some chicken soup for us. The reason this soup is so good is because the noodles are so like doughey and I love doughy pasta. So if you watch my videos recently you know I'm kind of in a bath routine. I love I just love taking baths. I'm gonna complete my routine. Oh my goodness. I don't know why I came to shower. Okay guys, I'm about to go to bed now. I'm just sitting in my room, editing this vlog. I just remember to end it for once but I love you guys so much. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in my next vlog. Bye guys.