 Hi um, so I have a Grande refresher. Please? Thank you. Good morning guys. Welcome back. Here we are again you guys another day, another vlog. That was so cringey. So I'm gonna be vlogging my day today. I am back in Minnesota. I feel like I've been everywhere but home. I just wanted to do a little home vlog today. This is probably the most random start to the vlog ever but my friend Nia is randomly in Minnesota for the day. She texted me a few days ago and she's like, will you be in Minnesota? I really want to see you. And I was like, yes, I actually will be. So I'm gonna go pick her up from her hotel and we're gonna go have a little picnic. Hey guys, I'm at the picnic with Nia. Hey, babe. So Nia set up this beautiful picnic for us today. And we're on the lake. I'm excited. I don't know what this is. I don't remember. The river or the lake? One is ocean. It's not the ocean. It's the wind. It's the wind. I definitely got way too small but blanket. You know, that's okay. It's like an on the bottom. Nia's here for a Beyonce. I am. And Gabe. Who's the bigger Beyonce fan? And me. Gabe like does not know any. I actually gave him a lot of. Okay. He wasn't invited to the Beyonce concert at first. I'm gonna be so on the note. So what made him get his privileges? Because the Beyonce concert in Pittsburgh got canceled. I was arrested the last time. And my mom. Look how cute this picnic basket is though. And I got little wine glasses. I know you did. Woo! You're so cute. Yeah. That's gonna be heard like miles away. Have you tried this in the very beginning of the play? Never. Have you actually never done this before? No, I haven't. Well, what kind of question is that? I was like, big bite, big bite. It's good. I think it'd be better with butter. Ooh, that's good. Oh, she doesn't like it, guys. She doesn't like it. Oh my god, my camera's still recording. Oh. I'm so glad we got to do that because I've been wanting to have it. I've been wanting to have a picnic like that for so long. Like, I bought that picnic basket I think a month and a half ago. I've been in my bath era recently. Actually, I hate seeing era. I feel like I'm over saying it. So I wanted to quickly start that lush. They have the best bath bombs. If you've ever been to lush, you know, it's like such a fun store to go in. So I'm gonna grab that. Do I need to go to the mall of America right now? No. I end up here very concerningly often. No way they have a sponge bath bath. This is probably the last thing I was expecting in lush. And a squid word, there's no way. Wait, does he even smell good? He's really smell like good. Guys, it's a good day. My thread up package is here. I'm gonna grab that. I'm gonna grab that. I'm gonna grab that. I'm gonna grab that. I'm gonna grab that. I'm gonna grab that. I'm gonna grab that. I'm gonna grab that. I'm gonna grab that. I'm gonna grab that. I'm gonna grab that from the bottom of my head right now. I'm gonna grab that from the top of my head. I'm gonna grab that. Which is cold. It's cold.inen it's cold. The cold added in my pocket here, which is really good. That's kinda weird. The cold visually right now is actually a low fire outfit. If you don't know what I will explain to you guys right now, of a good haul and I'm so excited to be working with one of my favorite brands on this video. Thread up. If you don't know what thread up is, it's essentially an online thrift store. This just makes it so easy because sometimes when you thrift in person you can go through so many clothes and thread up makes it so easy because you can just see everything and just scroll through second hand items. Even though this is my first year, not going back to school which feels weird to say. I still wanted to pick pieces that were considerate of a lot of you guys because I know a lot of you guys are in school. I have so many packages here so let's start the haul. I'm actually going to just start with what I'm wearing. This is this long sleeve of button down. I just threw this off because I opened it two seconds ago. It's so flattering and the v-neck and the buttons are just such a flattering look. I definitely stepped out of my comfort zone a little bit. I saw this mustard yellow sweater. This is definitely very different but I have been liking to try a little bit different things recently. I don't want to be so predictable. I love the color to this. It's a very fall looking color. Dresses that are school appropriate can kind of be hard to come by that are also still cute but I found this one. This is originally from Zara and it has this really flattering roo-ching on the center. It does have little short sleeves on it and the length is perfect. It's very pretty on and a little black dress like my mom always says is something you need. The next thing is this striped long sleeve top. It has shades of navy gray and black and I think this with some light wash jeans is really fun. I don't really buy shoes specifically tennis shoes very often. These ones scream beach to me. They're so fun. They're these blue and white striped low top sneakers. These will be so fun. I just like when I switch up my shoes. I feel very boring with my shoes recently. I also got some jeans. These are some dark wash high-rise jeans originally from Gap. I actually just tried these on for this video and they fit me so nicely and I hate when jeans are like too tight where you can't move. So these are really stretchy. Comfort is number one. Clearly I'm in my button down era because I got another button down tee. It's honestly like what color is this? It's almost like a light green gray. It's also from Made Well which is one of my favorite brands. This is a super fun top. This next one. It's originally from Zara. I just love the open chest look and I feel like with some jewelry it would look super cool. It's kind of like a corporate vibe too. Depending on how you style it. I don't know about you guys but I never really like to wear a traditional backpack when I was in school. I've always preferred more of a shoulder bag versus a backpack. I think I'm most excited about these. I got two bags that could easily be book bags for class. This first one I absolutely love. It's from Ralph Lauren. This is the perfect universal bag that I could use for traveling. If you go to class and you want to carry books and stuff. When I saw this on site I loved it but now that I'm seeing it in person I loved it somehow even more. And then lastly I got another bag. This one is from Coach and this is definitely a very large bag. Super nice especially if you have like a laptop to fit in and I've been seeing so many coach bags pop up recently. I feel like there's kind of a hype around them right now. So when I saw this on ThreadUp I was really excited because I've been wanting to get a coach purse for myself. If you guys want to check out pieces similar to this on ThreadUp I'll leave the link to the site down below and you can also use my code. It's Sydney for a discount on your next purchase. It's dinner time. So Ashton brought us home our favorite dinner. This is bruschetta. We have this I would say at least once a week. It's very good. It is. There's this Italian place by our house that we love. So we usually like to eat it on the deck. Not even. Thank you so much. Okay! What is mine? That's mine! My bag! My bag! I was just on a trip with my friends and when we were at their house we made cookies one night but we made them from scratch and this might not sound like a big deal to a lot of you but to me it was because I don't even remember before that the last time I made cookies from scratch. I like the toll house you know they're easy but they were so good when we made them. Now that I'm back home I want to make some again. I just typed in good chocolate chip cookie recipes. I'm just following the first one that came up to be honest. 6000 comments. This must be good. I truly believe the key to the best chocolate chip cookies is using many chocolate chips. They taste better. Maybe it's in my head. You disagree? These cookies you guys are so good. I was gonna wait and do a taste test and then I just got a patient. I'm waiting for my bath to fill up and I'll look here it. This is just my favorite way to end today. I think one of the main reasons I've been loving baths recently is because I didn't have a bathtub when I lived in California the past like four years so it's all the bathtub haters out there. I'm sorry but I do love them now. Okay guys are you ready? Put the satisfying moment. Look how cool bath ones truly change the game. This also changes the game. It's this bathtub tray so sometimes I'll use this if I want to read a book or like do some work or anything because it just helps you don't have to hold stuff over the tub. you