 Oh crazy seeing you guys here. Welcome back. I hope you all are having a great day when you're watching this. Today I'm going to do a day in my life vlog. What I like about these is like my days are always kind of different which is fun and today I have some like kind of fun random things going on. I thought I'd get a little rundown of my day. The plan is to have some breakfast and I'm going to get ready for my day. I do have to do a campaign at school today. We have this like really fun marketing thing going on. Later tonight I'm making like a fun dinner with my friends and then I think we may go out to the bar. So that's kind of the plan for today. Wow. That was horrifying. That's singing. I get in cycles with the foods I eat. Basically I'll find like a meal that I really like and I'll kind of eat it for like a couple of months every day until I'm bored of it and then I move on to something else. So recently for breakfast I'm having a bagel and cream cheese and honestly I'm over it. I'm over it. I want to have something else so I thought why not make a smoothie. My smoothie is actually really good. Tiktok has the ability to like make me try anything. So I saw this on TikTok and these are essentially heating rollers and it's supposed to kind of do that kind of like blow out bouncy wave which I have been wanting to try to recreate for so long but I can't like seem to get it. So of course I just got it yesterday and I wanted to try it on camera. It's like chemicals are burning. That's concerning. Um hopefully that's fine. I think that means it's warmed up. So I think I'm just supposed to leave them in for 10 minutes. So the time has come. It's been 10 minutes. So sadly the verdict on this was it didn't work. I think it's my fault though because I don't think the girlers go like heated up fully. So I'm gonna try better next time and I'll update you guys. Wow I am realizing that those waves hardly did anything. We're gonna move on to skincare now. You guys know that I love skincare and I am actually working with belief on this video. I am really really excited because they have these really cool holiday skincare kits that are going to be on sale soon and I wanted to tell you guys about the products. So the first skincare kit is this and this is the glow on the go holiday travel set. It comes with five products. So I'm gonna start out my skincare by washing my face with the aquabond jelly cleanser. I never feel like my skin is stripped of moisture after I use that because it has the same moisturizing properties as the moisturizer does. Next I'm gonna be using their aquabond hydrating toner. This really helps to prep for the rest of my skincare by kind of like smoothing the base of my skin and the texture of my skin. So the other kit that belief has for the holidays is this moisturizing balm holiday home and a waste set. This side is really cool because it includes the true cream moisturizing balm. And what's guys about this is it will keep your skin moisturized for up to 26 hours. You guys know how much I value using sunscreen every day. So I'm gonna use their SPF 50 aquabond sunscreen. This actually has some of the same ingredients as the moisturizer. So if you don't moisturize that day it will still provide moisture to your skin while protecting your skin from the sun. I'm gonna finish off with the moisturizing eye balm. This does provide that same up to 26 hour moisture. If you guys want to try them out I'll have a link down below. So before it is actually having a VIP sale which is really nice if you want to try them out because you can get up to 20% off all of the products. Okay guys we are putting up our project. So basically we have to put up a skeleton. So basically we had to set up a giant skeleton for marketing campaign. It's for one of our classes where we have to like promote something. We designed all of like this merch for it and everything. We basically just tried to have people come to stop at our table but it was actually really fun. A lot of people came by and I feel like it was actually pretty successful. Can we get a good view of my face though? I'd be bored of face like this and not be on camera. And we're out of the vlog. Again out of the car. It had to be done. Hey guys I'm with my friends and we are about to cook dinner together. Woo! We decided to be fun to like make a dinner together. I'm Maya. I'm Bailey. I'm Ashley. My fun fact is that I chewed the headboard of my bed when I was younger. Like I had a day of it too so there was a lot of room for bite marks. When you were younger I saw it yesterday. Bite, bite, bite. Bite, bite, bite. Bite, bite, bite, bite, bite. That's enough said. Where did I go with the ingredients first at the grocery store? That felt really fake and forced but I was trying to be excited. I'm trying to pack. Wait we should put our sunglasses to go in the store. It means so famous that like we have to put sunglasses on. Yeah. Even we get. No. It is hard to bring cities were made for more reasons than just her fame. I feel very helpless. I don't know what to do. A date. Yes it's been a while. I'll put it in. It's fun to act here. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'll put it in. It's fun to act here. So Ashley just didn't look hard enough. Bite, bite, bite, bite. I feel like really immature right now. Maybe I'm helping the most. Yeah she is doing it. Oh look at you. You missed it. We have our wine and we are about to cook. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. You know what's it all like? And you could do it. Yeah. A pair of popcorn and pickle juice. Stop it right now. Okay. Okay. And now because it's the saltiness of the pickles with the popcorn crunch and the saltiness of the pickles. And the saltiness of the pickles. We are so cute for this. We finished our meal you guys. It looks so good. I actually didn't cook anything. She's a charge of the chicken. She's by my Italian music. You got to know your place. Sydney knows her. My job was the music and the light. Yeah. And the entertainment and the ambiance. And I feel like I delivered. It's really good. It's a little spicy but not in a bad way. We have some of this spice for you. So where are you guys from? It was supposed to be funny. So we just finished dinner and we decided to be fun to go get dessert. There is like this cute little circle near us and we have like different restaurants there. And it's in walkable distance. It's also Thursday night which isn't a night kids go to the bar but see where we end up. So my outfit of the day is this green mesh top and then this black cut out skirt with these black boots. I'm currently in the intersection at Chapman. We got our dessert you guys. We got banana pudding and peanut butter jelly cassons. Such a system of the night. That's so good. This is good. We are now going to the bar. I was convinced. Yeah. Actually I didn't really need the good mint thing. She's only going to go for like five minutes. But yeah then I get bored easily and make it. It's depending though because she's bored when she's in the dark. No! I just like, is that what a real friend is? The bar gets old sometimes. It's not you guys. This is where all the Chapman kids go. Never mind this comment. It's a comment. It's a vlog. It's not live. How many subs? Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two.