 Hey guys, it's said in Rachel! Hey guys, I wanted to quickly say in this video I'm actually doing like a room makeover. I'm so excited, it pretty best to stay out with her now. I just wanted to say thank you to Hum Depot for sponsoring this video and for giving my room a college makeover. Yeah, let's get into the vlog. We're hanging out this week. I wanted to vlog how to just hang out with you guys. Just keep a casual because I feel like casual videos are my favorite videos to watch so I thought I'd vlog this week as if it was super fun. Rachel's here with me in a little way. No, if you guys don't know who Rachel is, you should. I'm just only like, you're best friend. Anyways guys, we're starting out the day. Really late, it's 3 p.m. Okay, well that's supposed to be travel yesterday and we slept till like 10.30. Yeah, we slept so much last night. We're going to a museum for fun. We are now at dinner. I'm with Rachel obviously. We're at Green Tomato and we're so funny and that we got here and we were about to sit down at this table and I saw Maddie already here. Maddie. Maddie is killing them. What happened? Funny scene. You here. Oh my god. We're eating together kind of. We got like healthy. Yeah, we got these healthy bowls. Wait, I got a teriyaki bowl. Rachel's not barbecuing. Oh yeah. I got teriyaki. It looks really good. It's really healthy. It's later. Same day. What? I'm just feeling like that was really awkward but okay, it's fine. Rachel's trying to tell me get out of my visco phase. It actually made a lot of progress. We got into like almost three full stickers off. Thank you for doing that. I just regret that a lot. That was 2019 days. Look how cute the room was. Well, we tried to get the projector to work. Yeah, and unfortunately it didn't work. Oh. Oh my god. This plugin really so busted. Outlet. Outlet. I should plug in too. Oh, maybe it's going to be a minute. Those are cool and dark. Oh my god. I'm in the pants. Oh, the tower. We got lunch. So we have updates. Rachel got her nails done. Her first time getting acrylics, look how good they look. So yeah, we're at this restaurant right by my school. We got food. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. It's good though. It was a good bite. So we're going to do this. Then we're going to go thrifting. We're right by the circle. There's thrift stores, restaurants and stuff. And then later we're going to have a beach bonfire. Just some of my friends. Yeah. We thought the thrift store was closed down, but it was actually just down the road a little. Oh, this is bumping. Who's on Oaks? Oaks. Oaks. Oaks. Oh my god. Guys, we didn't find anything thrifting. It was a bust. It was a bust. The thrift store is always hitter. We went to a store and it was the store, but it was like a shirt. It was like $45. So what's a bust? And now we're going to. This next part is my room transformation. Like I said earlier in the video, Home Depot actually basically transformed my room. And it was seriously the coolest experience ever. I'm so excited for you guys to see it. So this is my room transformation. So this is my room before it gets redone. We've had this furniture in this room for probably like 15 years. Let's see what magic Home Depot can do in this room. I'll see my new room in three, two, one. Wow. Wow. Wow. Alright, this is our live reaction. So let's go see the room. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. I'm now in my room. My room. The stuff came from Home Depot. It's been assembled, put together. I'm blown away. I think it looks so beautiful and I wanted to show you guys. But first I wanted to unbox some of the smaller items because I got a couple of appliances. This is my new coffee maker. What I love about Home Depot is that they offer really great values on trusted brands like Kyrigg. So I really appreciate that Home Depot carries really good brands like this. They also got a microwave from them. I don't think I've ever seen an aesthetically pleasing microwave that I've been like, oh my gosh, it's so cute. I want it. It looks like this. I'm in love with it. You just open it up and it's this aesthetically cute vintage microwave that is perfect for small spaces. So first thing I got from the Home Depot is this chair because I wanted to have like a little desk area. My favorite part about this chair is that it has the two different fabrics but they just go so well together. And then the headboard, I think this is probably my favorite part. I feel like headboards can just really transform a bedroom. And then the comfort and sheets are this white lined pattern. So then over here I have the nightstand that I got. I think the gold handles what made me want to get this. And then I just sat my Kyrigg right there to have in the mornings. And then the last thing is this little basket that I got to put some blankets in. I think it's super cute and it's also very practical. Thank you Home Depot for helping me get ready for back to school this year and do it in a affordable way and also in a compact way. Because typically students deal with smaller spaces so that's what I really love about their products. They have such a great selection and affordable options as well. Make sure to go to www.Home Depot.com. Slash back to class to check out their items. Today is a new day. So something that I've been really needing to do for back to school is get binders, supplies, a planner, stuff for basically just like back to school shopping. So yeah, that'd be fun to kind of vlog me getting my items for back to school this year. I am still at like age 21. Really enjoy this. And I also think that's part of the reason I'm doing this because I really don't need binders and stuff. It makes it enjoyable and it like gets me really excited for back to school. So I also lost my purse for 30 minutes in the house and I was searching for it and I found it literally on my bed. So yeah, that's unfortunate. So this is like the worst lighting I've ever seen. Yeah, it's what is this lighting. How much hair will you see where? So I've got to show you guys some of this stuff I picked up. A lot of this stuff is really practical too so maybe this one inspired you for preparing for back to school. So the first thing I got is this planner. I usually don't have like small planners but I thought it'd be fun to try a mini one. I don't really know if I'm gonna like it but we'll see. Planners for me are really specific. If they don't have a good layout, I'm not buying it. I really like this one because it obviously has like the days of the week but it also has like categories on the side. So it's about for me to write the weeks focused weekly goals things to do this week. So like everything just keeping it in one place is super convenient. So every year I like to get new pens and pencils because for some reason I lose them all. So I got the set of colorful pens. This next thing is so unnecessary like I really don't need it. Actually I feel like I don't need a lot of this stuff but so I have a white board in my room and it has like a... What's it called? It has a... What's that thing called? Oh man, what is that called? All right, this is embarrassing for me. Quarkboard, that's what it's called. Oh my god. That took me way too long. I have a white board with a quarkboard and I use it every week to like write out my goals for the week. I saw these secular pushpins which I think are so cute. I didn't even know what they were at first. So if I need to like stick like a sticky note on the quarkboard, I can do that. I also picked up three folders. So I just got a black one, a white one, and this pink one. And then also got this white notebook. I really... Guys, I seriously hate composition notebooks. And I think it's just because you can't like bend it back fully like you kept with the normal spiral notebook. I did not get a composition notebook because I seriously hate them and I've like never liked them. I got some sticky notes that are meant for like page marks, but you can also write little notes on them. So it's actually super convenient for like textbooks and stuff. And then also with this mini stapler, the amount of times that I actually like need this is a lot. And I just like how it's yellow, I think it's cute. Anyways, that was my college haul. Um... Oh my god, this camera's like too clear. The technology's just like getting too good for me. I'd rather not like see my pores. So here is the video. We are now back home. I'm with Maddie Rachel. I was like, oh my god. How funny wouldn't it be? If I'm like, hey, Cory too. I'm gonna like call him something weird and just see what he says. What do you think he's gonna say? This is gonna be fine. I'm questioning everybody. What you think he's gonna say? Yeah, so do your little thing when I walk in. Hey Cory too. Did she just call me? Oh my god, prayed time. If you're OG, you know we love the Franks on this channel. Hey, Cody too. Did I not tell you that? Yeah, I said, what's that? That was bad. Oh my god. Stop. You just got it Frank. Yeah, you just got it Frank. You didn't have a good reaction at all. Wait, I didn't know what to expect. I honestly don't know what to expect. Cody, what was that? That was terrible. Honestly didn't realize there was flowers in her hand. Guys, seriously. Cory, can you help me lift this? I'm waiting for the other one to man. No, we're not taking them. We don't need to hold them, but... Well, we're putting just one in there. We're bringing a couple. What's the attitude? Uh oh. All right, I'm glad my job is just to film. I'm not carrying anything. Yeah, thanks Maddie. This is so fun. Maddie, you're so good at your job. So we're carrying wood. This is a dead body. Where's the bird? That's what I was saying. We can park here. Well, why did you? Because we were playing on it in the tent. You're just spot right here. And then there were no, we have a dead body. Yeah, we're ready for the boys to find a fire with spot because they're all taken. And we got here late because the boys were late. I won't like fly. We don't hold grudges. Yeah. But do we? Guys, the campfire didn't work. So reading raw. So. Yeah, this is so sad. And we thought one group was like weaving and everyone wasn't using it. And then they were like really rude to us. Yeah, they were so rude, but that's okay. Sometimes the people don't match you. And you just got to stay positive. But that's something to point. Well, you know what? Sometimes things don't work out. Okay, guys, so this is literally the biggest fail of my lifetime. We're back at the house. This is really sad. You know, the momfire didn't work. That's your fault. You're the one who's laying. I wasn't going to go there. I'm making swores in the microwave because like I'm so mad. We drove two hours. I really wanted one. So like I just kind of have to, you know. Oh, it's not. This doesn't look right. This doesn't, it's not charred. I guess it's not supposed to be right. So what did it do? Oh, so. Do you want this? Oh. Guys, red breakfast. He's first time at the house. I know. I'm so excited. Shall I do my first thing? Oh my god, yes. Okay. So like professional shall I? I'm like, sure. Yeah. This is so good. Mmm. Mmm. I got this oatmeal. It looks kind of strange, but it's like so good. It's peanut butter, jelly oatmeal. It sounds really gross. It's my favorite thing ever. I like craving this like 10 times a year and I can't eat it anymore. Oh my god. This is a Rachel Shower place in LA, guys. Hey. Third time at Back Air Bulls. And this was like your one request when you came to LA. She's like, what do you want to do? She's like, Back Air Bulls. We are. You can't even hear anything I'm saying right now. We are. We're at the training post on Melrose. It's like one of my favorite things to do in LA. It's go to the training post because there's so many cute, unique items and I just told Rachel she has to come here. Hey guys. Hi. I'm at the training post and do you want to say your names? I'm Andrea. I'm Alexa. And I'm Daniela. And they came back to say hi. Thank you. Thank you. Hi. I hope you guys liked this video. What I've been saying recently, I just really love watching vlogs. Like this where it's just like day to day life or week in my life. So if you want to see more stuff like this, let me know. Or if you want to see other stuff, let me know too. Also again, I just wanted to say thank you to Home Depot for sponsoring this video. I am obsessed with my room back home now. I think it's so perfect. And Home Depot really just has everything you need for back to school. Make sure to check them out. But yeah, thank you guys for watching. I love you so much and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys. Bye.