 Good morning! Another day of me running late. What else is new? Good morning you guys! I hope you guys are having an amazing day when you're watching this. I am currently on my way to school. Not for class, I don't have class today, but I'm starting up the day doing table-ing for my sorority, which is basically us just raising money for our philanthropy because we have an event coming up this weekend. So I have my DG shirt on. So me and Mary just finished table-ing, got a Delta Gamma, it's actually really fun, it was really busy and I hate vlogging at school. Actually, I don't care anymore. Guys, everyone calls us the duo of the Pledge class because we kind of are our Pledge class. It's like no big deal. It's no big deal. NBD. NBD. No big deal. So I just got Mary off, it's 2 o'clock and I have an appointment right now. I've been pretty open about this so I basically have a dietician appointment because even though I went through treatment, they recommend like outpatient care so I basically see a dietician still. It's definitely really important to me in taking care of my health is just something that I prioritize now. So I didn't mean to go off on that tangent, sorry. I just feel like I just like explain it and I was gonna not say what I was doing. This is just real and raw and genuinely what I am doing. See you guys in an hour. Okay, I got in my appointment, I'm not at D-Frader Joe's about to get some groceries. All their false stuff is out. So cute. Okay, so I just got back. I'm gonna show you guys some of the things that I got from Trader Joe's. Also, I'm with Bailey and Maya. Hey. So the first thing I got is this Trek Smix little packets. I really like these because they're individually packaged already. So I can just like put these in my bag for school and they're also really good. It has like chocolate nuts. I just love these. Like I go through these very fast. I also got these whole the dairy, dairy free little ice cream cones. They're mini and I love these as well. Something that we love in this house is this frozen vegetable rice. We eat it literally all the time. So I got some more of this. It just kind of has what is it in this. I just eat it and I never look at it. There's like edamame, pepper, corn. I usually throw it on a pan with some olive oil and then I wanted to get this like teriyaki sauce that they had but they were out. So the lady said that this was good. This is the stir fry sauce. I also grabbed a couple oranges. That's my roommate. Ashley. I'm sorry. Sure. Oh yeah, we went to a Jack Harlow concert. I just went for the opener city girls. Oh, I also got these chicken salads. These are like pre-made. There's chicken, croutons, dressing. Oh, I got this. I don't know how to feel about this. This is like cinnamon toast knockoff and the guy at the cashier was like trying to sell me on it and I was just like fine. I feel kind of sympathy. I did buy this for him. So hopefully it's good. I got some oat milk to put in with the cereal. I like oat milk a lot better than almond milk. And then the last thing is this. This is a little ginger shot. We were all sick last week and I feel honestly scarred from it. So I'm trying to keep my health up. So I'm going to take this right now. Oh, I'm scared. Oh, my god. Holy, my mouth was on fire right now. I need a jaser or something. Oh my god, that was horrible. I don't think I'm ever going to do it again. I don't think that was worth it. I love it. Oh, please, that's a good one. I think I like pants sometimes now. Okay, let's unpack that. I do feel like this vlog is kind of random, but it's a couple hours later. I changed my outfit. I'm going to go get Pizzoukis with my friend Mary. I put some crimp in my hair and then I threw in like a couple little braids because I've seen that on my Pinterest like a million times that I've not done it. Also, I wanted to like do like the t-shirt with like the long sleeve moment. I feel like it's kind of a vibe. So yeah, that's my fit. Let's go. Okay, we are at BJ's. We got these Pizzoukis you guys. So on Tuesday's, Pizzoukis are $4. Mary's just informed me. It's Pizzoukikis today to know things, but clearly not in Minnesota. Look, Mary got this cookies and cream one. I got this Sunday one. This is the best event happening. Aay! What's up guys? Introduce yourself. My name is Tim. I'm a bartender here. I just want some drinks. Technically do so when I think my board is really heavy, so when I get drunk I go. Right now, they're physically made or even know. Boo! That's so nice! Why did you make our day? We need his work stuff. We do need his work stuff, but honestly I'm down to the day. I'm like, you know what I mean? That's a thing with the helmet friends and friends. It's like anybody. I like you. Good. I like you. Good work friends, right? I've been looking at a lot of like random things. This is true. I am getting ready for bed now. Today was a really really fun day. I feel like I just did like a lot of random stuff, but I'm really happy that I got to vlog it. I'm going to wash my face, get ready for bed. I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching. As always, and I'll see you in my next vlog. Bye! Bye!