 Should I've never seen before? I don't know. There you go. Do you really wake up and look at yourself and be like, whoa. That's me. Good morning vlog. I quite literally just woke up so this is so real of me. It's currently 9.50 am and I wanted to vlog a simple day in my life today. These are truly one of my favorite times of videos. Just showing like whatever comes with that day, taking you guys along with me. First of all, first I have a test in 10 minutes. Oh yeah, test the time. Let's go. My roommates walked in right before I about to start my exam and they made me a smoothie. I'm about to start. This is a timed exam. So I think I have an hour and a half. Usually I would have class right now, but the exams are like take home and essay based. So I finished my exam. I think it went well. It's a for the fact that I cut my exam at a time. I think that I do bad on a test. I actually do really good, but then anytime I think I do good, I end up doing bad. So I'm in my garage right now because I need to load a laundry really quickly. I'm super behind and I forgot to put these on the drywalls tonight, so I need to re-rinsed them. Okay guys. So my roommates and I have been working out in the mornings. Sometimes this is our workout for the day, but abs bring a good attitude. I was like, how did you do that? I'm not doing it again. I'm so excited guys because I have facial today. So I'm not going to wear any makeup obviously if I'm just going to be taking it off anyways. But something I've been trying to do really good about and I was actually pretty good at is wearing sunscreen every day. On days that I don't wear makeup, I do still like to do my brows. I'm doing your brows just kind of transforms your whole face structure. I just got this new tank top which I really like. I'm trying to incorporate more color into my outfit. I feel like I always wear white or black. This is my outfit for today. I am also going to throw on this new necklace that I got. I'm so excited about this. It just says my name on it. I'm also throwing in some tiny gold hoops. I had surgery on this ear when I was like nine. It kind of messed everything up for me. So since today is kind of a chill day for me. I was thinking of something fun that I could do that's different than I normally do. I'm trying to try any things just like switch things up. I was like, why don't I just go to the beach? I actually did this like two weeks ago because I had the epiphany that I probably won't live in California for a much longer. And I was like, why don't I take advantage of the fact that I live 20 minutes from the beach. So I just drove like 20 minutes from my house to a new port. And I really love doing things by myself. I actually feel like I have the most fun alone sometimes. I don't know if I have a blanket. My trunk is also broken so I have to like climb back to get anything from the back of my car. I need to get my trunk fixed guys. So I found a little spot for myself. This is where I am. There's actually not a ton of people here which is pretty nice. I listen to music all the time. I feel like in my daily routine but whenever I go to the beach I do not listen to anything. Music related or like YouTube or anything because it's just so nice to listen to the waves and it honestly puts me to sleep. I kind of sleep with something like this actually. It's like a white noise. Bro, it's trying to steal my stuff. No go. If I left my purse there that's Eagle would have stolen it. I've had clothes calls before. Like those things are relentless. One time they almost took my car keys. Music Music I think I have like sand in my mouth because I every time I like put my teeth together it crunches. I am done with the beach. I just loved. I don't know if I'm staying there for like an hour which is perfect around the time. Like I said earlier I have a facial today. I've been looking forward to this so much. I love facials. I'm going to this esthetician I've never seen before and she's also super super close to my house. So. So this is a cleanser. Yes this is a pomegranate cleanser. So this is a silicone scrubber which is why you fill the vibrations. So this is the enzyme. Yes this looks for weight the dead skin. Oh there you go. Music I just got on my facial appointment. My skin looks so nice. It's definitely really moist rise now and she did do quite a few extractions. It's so weird to me that the sun is already setting because it's only 5 pm but I am going to run to the grocery store because I wanted to make myself some dinner tonight. I still don't know what I'm going to make but I'll figure it out. Me and what can, like all you need. So look at this. How do you want to know this? Anyone who knows me knows that cooking is my weak point. I really don't cook much and if I do cook it's just☆ a microwave meal so I'm really trying to be better, new year or new me, just kidding. That's a joke. I feel like I'm getting predictable because the recipe that I decided I would make is the jugieranid pasta. I have been making this like once a week for the past month or two. I have been obsessed with it It's so good and I just save it as leftovers. I also sometimes make with my roommates. It's just so good Basically, it's like a tomato cream pasta. So for the recipe I got Parmesan cheese basil I got some pene pasta heavy whipping cream a red onion garlic and Tomato paste. It's super easy My roommates don't even know that I'm gonna make this for them. I'm gonna surprise them Unless they come out before I'm done then that's awkward My eyes are watering grow Ow You're making spicy soup again. I'm gonna make you some too. Oh my god Like me walking this feels like a fever dream walking out of my room and you're like cooking We have the pasta cooking over here. We have the red onion cooking over here with some olive oil And then we're gonna add in the garlic So we originally forgot to put the cheese in and that was the issue, but we just like refixed it and that's good Oh, it's actually really good though. I needed the cheese. That was the issue You