 I'm getting a Tesla! Tesla girl coming up. Hey guys, it's Sid. I'm so excited for today's vlog because I basically vlogged getting my new cart. I also just vlogged some stuff of my friends. I did a little clothing haul. So thank you to Sheehan for sponsoring this video. Also, don't forget to use my special code Sid to receive an additional 15% off the entire Sheehan US site. Guys, my dad is visiting me. Hi. We just got one to use. Yes. Yeah, it's my dad's visiting me and I've tested her with a Tesla a couple times. The first time I've ever been in one before or so. And I've been to Tesla. I've talked to them, got the price estimates and such. So yeah, basically today I'm going to get the Tesla. I think I'm actually going to buy it. But it takes like a month to ship so it's like, I've had this car right here. Actually, I filmed myself getting this car like two years ago, the Toyota. Alright, but yeah, we're going to test it. We're going to test drive it. Again, kind of just figure out which model I want. Right here? Sounds good. Let's hit it. Who the heck parks like this? Oh wait, me. Hi. Hi, sorry. See, press this in and then you like. Nice. And there it is. You're good. And use this wheel to up down left and right. What's like the power that kicks? Zero to 60 times on this car is 4.2 seconds. So you can like put the navigations in here instead of your phone. Take me to Caesar's Palace. Oh, it's so cool. Alright, so we're live here with Sydney. This is an important day in the world of Tesla and driving. And not crashing. Okay, yeah, there's a sky right in front of you. So hopefully you'll avoid him. You don't worry in the parking lot. We want to make sure we get all the parking lot out of the accident. That I've driven twice in a test. Well, oh my gosh, that was so scary. Oh my gosh, that was so scary. We're going to the left, maybe. I thought, right, but maybe it's left. Well, I'll be going to the car factor after this. Okay, I'm so scared. That makes two of us. Okay. Here we go. So I'm going to go on autopilot, which means it drives for me. So now if I do autopilot, I'm letting go. This is the car driving. It's stopping. I'm not stopping. Really? It did that, yeah. Oh my gosh. So now my dad's going to drive it for fun. So, 4-4-11 girl must be in here because I'm way too... Yeah, I'm type of three. So take it back. Is that my best thing in a test scene? Yeah. Oh. You're getting me my plastic. That's alright. Not my good car factor can't fix. I'm thinking I like it nervous sometimes. Some camera shot. As you guys know, I love fashion. I love clothes. I love shopping online and breaking my bank account. So, I thought I'd fun to just take a break in this vlog and do a little tryout haul. I recently got quite a few things from She-in. I do want to say thank you to She-in for sponsoring this video. What's super cool about what I'm about to show you is that She-in is actually partnering with a lot of designers and bringing their designs to life. So the first thing is this pair of white distress jeans. These are high-rise pants. Just made me look a lot taller generally. And I'm generally short. I did pair those jeans with this halter top with this color neck. I absolutely love how this looks on. It's super flattering. And the color is just super fun. It goes really well with the white jeans that I have. I also got this all of green satin set. I also go sit with this on my Instagram. I think it's so, so pretty. I've been really into corset type tops. I don't know if you would totally call this corset, but it kind of gives me that vibe. I really love how this fits. It's just a nice basic top. I also got this floral dress. This is, I would definitely say one of my favorites. Because the sides of it kind of have this roo-ching. It looks really flattering on that way. I also just love the flower pattern on this. It gives me very Victorian style vibes. Going with the green theme from earlier. I got this long sleeve green colored top. And then I also got this top from them. It's so cute. This is growing every day. So the last thing that I got is this nude long sleeve top. And I really like how it's high neck. I love news, especially for the fall of time. Sheen does also offer free returns with a 45 days of your order. And also free standard shipping on all orders over $49. And in celebration of the Sheen X Designer Incubator program. Sheen will be hosting the first ever Sheen X 100K challenge. It's actually four episode series with celebrity gas judges. Like Chloe Kardashian. So the winner will actually be announced this Sunday at the 12th. I really think it's cool to see these designers and the pieces they've created. Make sure to check out the Sheen X Design Club. The link is in my description. And you can also shop all the pieces that I showed in this video. And that's all for my haul. Oh my gosh. You guys. I finally got my car. Look how pretty. Just gonna be the new vlog set up you guys in my car. It even has like a little congratulations thing on the front dash. Congratulations Sydney. Welcome to the Tesla family. This is the outside. I decided to get white exterior this time. And then I got black rims. I'm gonna rip off. I just don't like I wow I cannot believe this is my vehicle. Vehicle why does he be it? I go front. Wow. How old is she? Oh wait. Should I not eat my mac and cheese? Oh. Yeah that's against the rules. Do you eat in your car? No. Mine are I should move mac and cheese. The seats are else good. They're buttery soft. Congratulations. Come on. Woo. My best graduate. It's a weird way to describe a good word. No it is smooth. It is smooth and buttery. This is so insane. Like there's nothing up there. Yeah I know because there's no engine because it's electric. Is that so interesting? When she loves the earth. You know it's the feel. We'll say like buttery is not. I like a word I think when I think of cars. Yeah maybe Tesla's our buttery cars. I'm just proud of you. You're not really hard for this. You deserve it. You deserve this. You do. She's so pretty. The vlogton here are going to go hard for sure. Okay. Freeway is f***ing. Oh wait. Esfrick. Oh also I still forked from your house. Question. What is this like home? Is this a car? Is this a car? Yes. Isn't the rough so cool? It's the rough. The rough. Yeah. That's my bestie in a testie. I'm in since cars. Oh! Okay so it is now the next day. I'm going to a light stay to visit some friends. I thought I should be going to my outfit too before I head out. I'm wearing some gold jewelry and then I have on this white top that my friend Christina gave me. I'm wearing these jeans that I actually got these in a video. A while ago when my friends Bobby and Corey got them for me. I also have some sunny zone because it's hot as f***ing in these streets. Thank you. Thank you. First time drinking Starbucks in my new car. I'm so dramatic. Is it nice? It's hot, Gabby. First time getting home dad in my new car. This is the real test. It's just to see if my street parking is even good in this car. Because usually it's not even in my other car. So I feel like I need so bad. I don't even want to know. That's not bad. I've seen a lot worse in my days. Guys it's my first time getting gas. It's not called gas I think. It's my first time charging my Tesla. Yeah pull it out. Oh I know. I think I know how to pull it out. I don't want to take it out. I just touch the button again. Just take it out. Wait wait. Oh. Got it? I guess. How's it feel? So that's all for today's vlog. Thank you guys for watching. I was like going to say it was going to say something. I forget. But I did want to thank you guys for supporting me because without you guys this would not have been possible. And I'm just really grateful. So thank you guys so much for watching. I love you guys and I'll see you in my next vlog. Bye guys.