 Hey guys, it's said and welcome back to another vlog! Good morning you guys and welcome back. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. This is something about intros that just don't sit right with me. I am currently in Minnesota. If you couldn't tell by my room, I actually went back here like a week ago and I'm going to be here for about a month or so until school starts again. Today I wanted to vlog, honestly I just really wanted to catch up with you guys. I feel like I haven't vlogged in a long time. Basically I just have some things that I want to do today and I want to take you guys with me and vlog it. Things like this, oh my god, yikes, nails, need help. It's actually 2 p.m. so we should go, right? Yes, yes. A bit of a day I am wearing this black tank top that I got in two different colors from Hollister because I have a problem. For shorts I'm wearing these Zara shorts. I have a little gold chain on that I got like two years ago and slides. It's so nice here and pretty and peaceful. Hi. Hi, where are you going? I'm going to like nails and stuff. Did you want to go somewhere? I'm going to vlog here. Yes. Really? I haven't had lunch yet so my first stop is Panera. They like know me but now it's like home embarrassing. I have some help you with it. Could I just have a Chipotle chicken avocado melt please? When I'm back home I do feel, okay let me eat breakfast. My parents have never moved. I've lived in the same house my entire life and obviously lived in the same city kind of surrounded by the same people. When I'm back home I just cannot separate like thinking about high school and that era of my life from like me being here so it's just like I feel like I'm like back in high school even though I'm not. Hi. Hi. Thank you. Okay what was so weird about that is that I got my food okay I got my food and I was having that little like rant to you guys and I literally just saw girls from my high school at Panera as I was leaving. That's so weird. I got the Chipotle chicken avocado melt which is one of my favorite things from them. I also got the agave lemonade from them which is very good. Okay guys I ended up at Goodwill. I decided to go thrifting because I kind of forgot to pack a lot of stuff and since I'm here for a month I feel like I could use some things specifically sweats, hoodies. I'm just gonna see what they have. I'm not goodwill. Do I say that? I think I did. I hate that. I hate that. You know how thrifting is like I had her miss okay at least for me I either walk out with a lot of stuff or nothing at all. This time I would say it was a pretty good hit. I have all my stuff in here that I'm gonna show you guys in a little bit when I get home because I want to hold it for you guys. First I'm gonna go to Target really quick. I have a couple things I want to pick up and then I think I'm gonna try to get my nails fixed if I have time. Okay just got out of Target. I'm now at the nail salon and I'm gonna try my nails done super quick because my mom needs her car in like 40 minutes. So I'm back. I got my nails done. I ended up going with this red color. Also just got these in the mail. These are my new shades and I got the one Amazon. I feel I don't know. I wanted to show you guys what I got. So starting with the thrift store. The first thing that I actually saw like right when I walked in was this little tan purse. It definitely gives a lot of that Y2K vibe to it. I think with the right outfit this will look cute and I also feel like I wear the same purse all the time. The next thing is kind of boring but I needed pajama pants because I didn't bring any and these were soft so that's there's nothing more to say. I should say I'm going to New York in a couple weeks which I'm so so excited for. So I was kind of thinking about New York when I was shopping and clothing pieces that I could throw together for an outfit for there and something I've been really loving especially like on my Pinterest boards are these cargo type of pants. So I oh oh. Oh well I didn't notice that. I got these tan cargo shorts but now I see that they're stained pink. I mean whatever. I also picked up this brown t-shirt. It has this kind of color to it and I feel like styled right this could be fun. The last thing I got from Goodwill is this orange maxi dress. This is actually from Target and I think it's like brand new because I saw this at Target the other day. I almost just got this and donated it. I've wanted to wear more maxi dresses recently and I like how this one has a cut out on the back. That's kind of everything I got at Goodwill. After Goodwill I went to Target as you guys saw the main reason I went in there was for some jewelry. Like I said I didn't bring a lot of stuff and I saw these little chain link gold hoop earrings and I just think they're really dainty and pretty. I feel like these will be so pretty with like a lot of different outfits. Also the lady in the jewelry section was like getting a heated argument with the employee so I kind of tried to dip out as soon as I could. But before I did I saw these gold chain link bracelets. Again I just love layering stuff like this. I randomly saw this. I honestly don't know why about this but I got it for the purpose of being a cover up. It's like this green dress with this white trimming. It's also halter so I just feel like this would be nice to have going to the beach or something just to throw over a swimsuit. Last thing I got from Target. I think this is so cute. I actually got this from my mom. This was actually the dollar section so you guys should go to Target and see if they have these at yours. It's basically a little cart that you can set on your vanity or your bathroom sink. I feel like skincare would be just so perfect on something like this. And the fact that there's like little wheels on it I just think it's so cute. And also for being $5 I left this and my mom was so excited when I showed her I got it for her. I think I'm going to end the video here. I love you guys. I hope you enjoyed this little vlog. Please comment, requests you have for vlogs down below. Hearing what you guys want to watch really helps me and you guys have really fun ideas. So I love you guys. Thanks for watching. I'll see you in my next vlog. Ciao.