 Good morning for luck! There's nothing more beautiful than like waking up to the sound of construction. Hey guys! Good morning! I woke up and I wasn't even planning on vlogging and then I saw my camera and I was like, it'd be so fun to just vlog day my life today. I have a lot of stuff I'm doing today and I feel like today will just be like a really realistic portrayal of the day in my life. Also, I feel like I have an update you guys in so long. I moved. Yeah! I don't know if you can tell. This isn't my old apartment and I vlogged here a little bit but I've never really explained myself. So I'm sorry about that. I should have done that sooner. Yeah, I moved into a house. This is a house right by my college. For me and my roommate Maddie decided to room with three other girls that we're not friends with. We're all moving in together. But I'm the only one here right now. Yeah, I'm gonna vlog today and I quite a few things to do. The past couple days I haven't been very productive and it like really bothers me when I'm not productive so I need to get my sh** together. Sorry, I had to say. I don't know what it is but drinking out of a straw makes it taste better. It definitely doesn't actually but like the placebo effect definitely comes into play here. Right now is when I would get my notebook and write the stuff that I have to do for the day because I get really overwhelmed when I don't have the things I have to do with my life. The things I have to do listed out because my mind just gets scattered and then I actually don't get anything done which is what's happened to me the past two days. I have like why are you so obsessed with me? Now with the gas station. Actually I'm so excited because I think this is my last time ever getting gas. And here's why I'm getting a Tesla which I don't think I've actually talked about. Yeah on my YouTube because I haven't gotten it. I'm supposed to get it like next week. I'm so so excited because I ordered it like two months ago and I just cannot wait to have Tesla. I'm so excited for it. But now I'm going to go to the post office because I have to do a return and like mail a couple things. So yeah I am wearing socks and sandals. Don't take me to jail. Okay thank you so much. Thank you too. Okay, stuff was mailed. Post office was so fun. No it wasn't. Stuff has been mailed and next stop is the mall. Okay guys I'm trying on shoes right now and I really like these. But I also kind of want them in this blue color that they're sold out of in my size. So you guys I did some damage. I got some super cute stuff and I just have to show you guys because I'm so excited. I feel like whenever I go to the mall like it's a hit or miss for me. This time was a hit you guys. First things first H&M. I firstly just got this white t-shirt. I'm just wanting more basics so I also got this huge pack of socks because I don't know. My socks just disappear so next up I yeah I'm not going to show this because it's just awesome. I want to make sure I see good and I got some stuff. I also went to Forever 21 and I have a shop here and I feel like quite a while. But I saw the skirt at the front of the store which is like the whole reason I went in. And I think it's so cute. This is plaid schoolgirl shirt skirt. Actually skirt shirt. plaid schoolgirl skirt. What? The last thing I got. This is my favorite purchase in a long time. I've been wanting to get Jordans for a while and then I saw this shoe store in the mall and they had them. And they had these super thick red ones. Just these red and black and white air Jordans and these are mid-rise. They're actually a size 5.5 youth because they didn't have any women sizes available. Yeah I got these. I also think it's cheaper if you get used. Little wife hack for you all out there. If you have small feet like me, you can try to do that. Hello. I showered because I felt gross. But yeah I put some make-up on and then got dressed and I feel so much better. The main reason I got so ready is just because of my new shoes. Like I love them so much. I've been sitting here for like 10 minutes just admiring them. I guess I'll show you guys my outfit. I'm wearing the white shirt that I got earlier from H&M. And then I'm wearing some black sweatpants. Obviously the shoes that I keep talking about every two seconds. I put on some gold jewelry. I really love to layer necklaces. These are from Princess Polly. And then I also bought my little gold hoops. And then my ring that I always wear. What sucks I actually got my doubles pierced like four months ago. And the girl said that I could take them out after six weeks. Which I kind of was like, oh that seems like really early. So I didn't take them out until like 12 weeks. And I had them out for 48 hours and they closed. And I tried to like, reappear some essentially with my earring and it just bled everywhere and it didn't work. So I have to get them reappears, which is so unfortunate. So let me know if you guys have ever had the habit to or if it's just like my ears. Like, heal and close very fast. Oh, I'm also going to wear this jacket. So I mentioned I got no shoes. Anyways, I'm going to go get dinner and then I think I'm going golfing. Okay guys, you're never going to get where you are. Starbucks. I'm here because I really wanted this breakfast sandwich that they have and I didn't actually think they would have it. I actually think they would have it at 9 p.m. but they do. Thank you. Have a great night. Thank you too. Oh my god. You guys, alright I'm at golf now. But I just had to like quickly discuss this. This is the impossible breakfast sandwich from Starbucks. Like I was talking about earlier. It's the best thing ever. It's so good. I get this like I would eat three times a week. Well, it's like really intimidating. Sorry, I'm like talking about all that. It's so rude. Yo, where are you? Okay guys, crackle. Cor is here. I got new shoes. Did you see them? Did I see them? Yeah. I mean you came up to me the first thing you said is you only got new shoes. Can you film me? You film me shooting? Shooting. It's hitting. Hitting? Oh my god. Do you even know how to like stand? You're standing the wrong way. I'm getting my golf. I have to have golf in my self. Those lessons do not work. Wow. What's so weird is that L.A. doesn't even have a top goal. It's getting a top goal. Thank goodness. Wow. Shout out to... No free promo. Shout out Chris Andrew. So, I've got to do an outro again. I just want to say thank you guys so much for watching. To the end, I hope you guys liked the blog. I love you guys and I hope you have a great rest of your day. I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.