 Hey guys, it's said welcome to today's vlog So I'm vlogging again today So I have a bad hair day Let's start there. I'm so excited for this vlog because I'm starting it out outside of one of my really good friends Apartments a lot of you. I'm sure do you know who friend is friend is one of my best friends in LA She's actually one of the first she was like the first person I met here and I thought I'd drive from O.C To hang out there for the day. I thought I'd show you guys what I'm wearing because I really like my outfit What's so weird is both of these things are from Etsy My top and my necklace I also have on my jeans from motel rocks. Yeah, that's my outfit Okay stairs are elevator Elevator I never regret taking the elevator. I do regret taking the stairs though Friend There's Mr. Henry. Oh my goodness. You're so big. Okay guys look why I'm at lunch with it Oh Okay, we're trying that again. I'm at lunch with friends Rat north from cafe we got three tacos because we're so hungry. I'm so hungry So we're gonna split those and then have three to So I left Franny's like 30 minutes ago on the way home to orange I was like I need to get these shoes It's a long story My friend Mia let me her shoes and then I lost them, but I then found them My birthday party they like got misplaced and then someone stole them and then someone found them Basically this guy and actually has them for me and he put them on his front door So I like have to get these shoes though like I if I don't get them right now I feel like I'm never gonna get them because I keep losing them Oh my god finally I never thought I would see these again How are you I'm good because guess what I just got your shoes The communal Chanel shoes also the lighting is hitting your skin perfectly. Oh my god. Thank you I was like just want to take off my makeup and get on ready, but I was like you know what I should do that with you guys Because it's like what am I like what kind of youtuber am I if I don't show me taking off My makeup this is a little get on ready with me So first things first take me off my makeup with my seller water. This is from Garnier I show as well. I'm not even in my own bathroom. I'm so like Sorry, I feel like that's like fake with me, but I'm in my roommates bathroom because our bathrooms like a high-end tiny and this one's way bigger I Like I feel like I can keep using these cotton pads and every time like there's always stuff on them I don't think it's ever all off like it's endless at this point. I'm kind of over it. That looks good enough Right next up. I'm using my face wash This is the summer Fridays super amino gel cleanser the bottle is so aesthetically pleasing to me because it's glass. So I feel like really fancy using it Oh, this is not my towel you guys are like on a candle and a mug Go over well. I don't know if you can tell right now you probably can my neck and my face are not really the same Shade so I have been using this for a body here now. This is the eco Bisonia face tan water this company's actually based in Australia It's the most natural face Tanner. So yeah, I'm gonna mix it a few drops of my face Tanner with my Charlotte Tilbury magic cream I Like to drag the excess down to my neck because your neck is also super important for skincare The only other thing I would do is use my wash up, but I lost it I also don't even know if washers actually work because I haven't really used it for an extended period of time So you guys should comment below if they are actually legit or not Don't fear I'm not gonna pass out Hey guys, I'm getting my ears pierced. I'm with my roommate Matt I'm getting my doubles pierced right now and I'm so excited that sounded like so like boring I'm getting my doubles pierced just getting a hole in her air again Yeah again, I got my doubles pierced like four months ago And then I took them out for 24 hours and they close I was told to knock it like the gun in your ear Like they do it like Claire's and stuff, which is what I did the first time So now I'm at an actual piercing salon which I've never been to kind of intimidating to me for some reason learn from me Don't take your earrings out so fast. I passed out sometimes, but not today So we found out when I was there that my seconds weren't actually totally closed So she just had to put my ear in kind of forcefully so it wasn't too bad It's in And then I did decide to get my triples pierced which I had not had pierced before so this was sort of impulsive for me and I'm so glad I did it You Beautiful Okay, yeah, look super good. I love it. Thank you guys. I got my triples pierced It actually didn't even hurt that bad It's crooked Yeah, I wasn't planning on getting my triples the second ones that I got actually weren't totally closed They were like semi closed so she kind of like shoved the ear in Definitely recommend going to a salon versus like Claire's because I've heard that it's better to do this than like getting a gun in your ear