 Hey guys, it's Sid and Mary Christmas. That's it. I'm coming. Hello. What are you doing in the room? Hey Vlog,Jaykin. Welcome to Christmas party. What's your name? Coffee's in there, not really. Oh, do I have a video? I don't know. Oh, go. Both of them are in the vlog. Can I? Yeah. Ew! My intro and business back there, you guys. Hey guys, welcome back to the channel. We're making cookies. Today we're making cookies. What's up with the dance? I'm not sure. I'm going to do a trucking lesson together. We still are. I heard that these are now edible. Ready? I think it's a bit too much. I think it's a bit too much. I think it's a bit too much. I think it's a bit too much. I think it's a bit too much. I think it's a bit too much. I think it's a bit too much. See, I'm just so grateful to be here with my friends today. And grateful. Wait. Ow! I want to see you. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. I'm so happy. Hey guys, Hello. Every year, since I think, I was literally 15, for Christmas video. So I thought you know what? Let's do it again. I'm back home in Minnesota with my little puppy Rosie and my family. I literally can't talk with this eyelash in my eyeball because it's poking me in the eye. It's actually Christmas night when I'm filming this which, you know, means I'm dedicated. Of course Christmas is not about the gifts. I say this every year. But it's fun to see what other people got. Every year I really look forward to seeing these videos. You know, let me start with my stalking. I don't know. Other families do this but for us we always put all of our stuff in like a laundry basket. It's just because otherwise everyone's stuff gets like confused. So first things first is this little manicure set. This is super cool because it's like travel size. So I can take it with me on the go. Also my stalking. I got not one, not two, not three. But four. Coach perfumes. Why did I get four? I don't know. I'm not complaining. These are the cutest things ever. So adorable. It's perfect because it's travel sized and it smells so good. Also my stalking. I got some towel scrunchies. I really haven't tried not to blow dry or use heat on my hair too much. You kind of just wrap these in your hair and it allows it to dry faster. I got some candy of course, chocolates, my weakness. This will be gone by tomorrow. My favorite freaking candy of all time is Nerrose. I feel like they're very underrated and it kind of makes me sad because they're so good. Do you know playboy Cardi? Yeah. I DMed him today. What? No, that was a board. But he didn't wish me. I also got a Spotify premium gift card. A lot of my friends roast me for using Apple Music instead of Spotify. So I'm excited to try this and see if it's worth the hype I guess. I also got some fear Bradley socks. These are super cute for like the winter time. I also got some hair binders which I like. Guess you're supposed to call them hair ties but these are from Alo Yoga which I love these because they don't leave like really bad lines or marks in your hair. I also got some room mist. This has vanilla and peppermint in it. Oh wait, I also got this in my stocking. This is actually really interesting. This is a free Purvis pane shirt. I posted about it a little bit before but I really love the Innocence project which is a foundation that helps free wrongfully convicted criminals. And one of the people that I've read up on a lot about is Purvis pane. So I got this shirt from them which I think is really cool. So one of the first things I got not in my stocking are these coach slippers. I got slippers last year. Absolutely wore them out. So these are really nice to have. I love them because they're like flip flops and I wear my slippers out in public all this time. Especially to class I just get so lazy and these are actually like really cute. I also got a few more pairs of socks. These are super cute because again Christmas holiday theme. I got tons of candles. I think I'm set for a solid three years. I got this ball some candle. Ball some is one of my favorite sense. I also got a pineapple mango candle. I feel like smell every time because I don't know like what it smells like. A Tiss the season candle. A winter candy apple. This was like my go-to when I was in seventh grade and I still love it. I also got this one and this is a sweater weather candle. As some of you might know I've talked about this very briefly. I'm in a book club with my friend Will. So my mom got me this book which she's suggesting for an Xbox club meeting. It's called Not Nice and just kind of like talks about people skills. Something I really wanted this year was like a good hair mask. Especially because I'm trying to take better care of my hair. So my mom got me this bumble and bumble hair mask. I'm bumble and bubbles. An incredible brand and I've never tried their hair mask before. So I'm really excited to try this out. This is the overnight damage repair mask. The next thing I got is this little bag of skincare goodies. First of all the bag I think is so cute. I feel like this could be my new like mega bag that I travel with. But inside I have all this skincare. I got a couple of moisturizers. This one's from Nutra Gina and this one is from Versed. I also got a cleansing balm and a toast toner. I was gonna say toaster. I got a good lip mask. I love a good lip mask and then some mighty patches. These work wonders on your pimples. I do travel pretty often. So my mom decided to pick up this little coach bag tag. I also got a little wallet. It's a match. I really like this though because it has a pink trim to it if you can see. I got so many gift cards. Like I think the majority of my gift cards this year which I love because I got all my favorite places. I got Panera, cheesecake factory, Starbucks, Taco Bell, and of course Barnes and Noble. For the butt club. For the butt club. I also from coach got this bracelet. It's this gold bangle bracelet. This will just elevate any outfit that I have. I am obsessed with jewelry. I wear jewelry every day like regardless of what I'm wearing. It just I feel like it looks like you put in so much more effort in your look than like what you necessarily did. I also got these shower steamers. I had no idea what this was. My mom had to explain it to me. But essentially you put these like little circle tablets in your shower and with like the shower steam and everything. It just smells really good. I also got this adorable adorable dress. This is the most elegant yet comfortable dress. It's this baby blue color which I love and it has this lace on the front. And then to go with it my mom got me these gold and blue earrings which match actually perfectly. Kind of going along with the shower theme earlier. Got some lush bath bombs. It's kind of hard to take out but I have been loving bath recently and luscious my favorite place for stuff like that. And then I got a sharkhutari board because I'm trying to cook even though I'm so bad at it. Basically I can just arrange like super cute snacks on here and like make it look aesthetic or at least try. You know it's supposed to look like this but I don't know if it will. So my mom got me this bucket hat from Urban Outfitters which I love bucket hats. I think they're so fun. And then my dad got me this hoodie. It's from Calvin Klein. He got it like oversized for me which is perfect because all of my hoodies I really like to be oversized. I got this shirt. It says I do what I want because I do what I want. It's an inside joke with the family. But yeah that's everything that I got for Christmas this year. Thank you guys so much for watching. I hope you guys had an amazing Christmas or holiday to do family. And I hope you guys have a great happy and safe New Year's well. I love you guys. Thank you for watching and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.