 Good morning! Good morning, guys, and welcome to today's vlog. I am super, super excited because as you can tell, I'm not in LA. I'm in Colorado with my family and I thought it would be super fun to vlog this trip. It's Thanksgiving week, it's Thanksgiving break. I'm currently putting on sunscreen because one of the worst sunburns of my life I got on a ski trip ironically in the winter. It's dinner time! No, I introduced yourself. Uh, four years ago I was introduced to the channel. No, it was our exchange student a few years ago. Okay, so we're making the Gigi Hadid pasta. Oh gosh, how are we going to open this video? Please put on the key opener. I haven't taken a key opener. I love garlic. I've had some raw before. You raw? It's so dramatic! Oh, it's so big! Oh, it's so big! Why is it bubbling? Turn it down! It doesn't seem right. That's for sure. It isn't really good. Why does this not look good? It looks not normal. It's not normal. No, it wouldn't matter. Why is it bubbling? It's okay, it'll give you better. I should get insurance. That's why you burn it. Okay, let's do it. 9-10. Yeah, it's good. 10. No, it's making it. Oh, my God. I can't believe it. Wait, the pasta. I don't think there is. Is it spicy? There's never a lot of garlic. Oh, my God. Can you try it? I was wondering about that. Oh, man. It's so bad. It's not that bad. I love garlic, so. Good morning. So, I'm sick. I have a lot to catch you guys up on. I went to the doctor yesterday and they said I have bronchitis. Basically, I ended up coming home a day earlier just because I don't feel good. I say Sunday and I have a whole day to just relax and try to get this illness out of my body. I know it literally doesn't work like that. You can't just tell yourself you're not going to be sick anymore. But... I'm going to make myself feel better. No matter what it takes. Guys, I'm done with this illness. I'm done with it. Mentally. Mentally. Um, okay. Hi, I'm taking a pred in his own. The steroid for bronchitis. And I was just wondering, do I let that melt in my mouth or am I so small with water? You're putting your mouth, water with water. Okay. You know, the whole mission is to get me better as fast as possible. So, I saw this smoothie recipe online that's really good to have when you're sick. And I haven't made a smoothie that's not the same basic smoothie I make every day in forever. Because I always make the same thing. Alright, so this was the first smoothie that came out when I googled smoothies to drink when you're sick. So, to me, it should be good. First ingredient is banana, of course. One large orange peeled and segmented. So, I'll see you do a couple of frozen mango. I'm not going to measure it because I'm lazy. This recipe calls for dairy free yogurt. I have this like vanilla bean one. So, hopefully that doesn't like throw it off. It asks for a small carrot. Which I feel like it's just going to make it really disgusting. Ground turmeric. Lastly, half a cup of orange juice. It looks really pretty. However, I feel like this is either going to taste really good or really bad. So, I'm going to add some more of this. I'm going to add some more of this. I'm going to add some more of this. I'm going to add some more of this. And then, really bad. So, it's like chunky still. I got to chew it. Actually, I was so wrong. It's not super good, but it's not super bad. It's very middle of the road. I just got out of the shower. As you can tell, my hair is kind of wet. I feel like a million times better already. Just like being clean. There's two things I need to do urgently. One thing is clean my room. It's messy because I haven't unpacked yet. And all of my medicines are over there. Before I put my room, I'm going to just put on some face oil. The dry weather in Colorado made me so, like, my skin so dry. By the way, this is the summer Friday's face oil. And it's actually incredible. It just keeps your skin super nourished. So, when I was on the plane yesterday, I was sitting next to this lady. I was like coughing during the flight. And I obviously like tried really hard not to cough. And she just looked at me. And she gave me the rudest look. And she just handed me a cough drop. But didn't even say it worked. She just looked at me and she just like. So, I was super uncomfortable. I felt really bad. I understand why she was upset. And then, because I was on the plane, I had the worst ear popping of my life. Like, the pressure in my ears hurts so bad. Because I'm super congested. That I almost started crying. Because I hurt so bad. I'm also really dramatic. So... Anyways, time to clean! Thanks for watching!