 Good morning guys, it's said and welcome back. So I slept in this morning guys. It's 12. Oh my god, it's almost 1. Whenever I go back home to Minnesota, I feel like there's like a switch in my brain where I just... I don't want to do anything. I sleep in when I'm home, I always just like to do nothing. Today is actually the day after Thanksgiving, so I was with my family yesterday. It was a great day. And you know, I don't know exactly what I'm going to do, but I like it better that way. It's something's predictable, it's boring. Oh! If you're going to hold it this year, 27 degrees. Oh, it's black Friday today! Wait, what? How did I just remember that? Wait, should I go to the mall today? Or is that like really a bad idea? I made the mistake one time. I thought, you know what, it's so cold outside, it's literally 10 degrees. Why would I wear sunscreen? And that ended up being the worst decision I ever made, because I went skiing. And the reflection of the white snow against the sun basically just like bounced back at my skin. And that ended up being the worst sunburn. It still haunts me, like I think about it every day. Wait, also I need to show you. Did I show you guys this? I definitely have at some point, maybe. I don't remember, so I'm just going to show you guys. I got this mirror from Amazon, and it's so fun. It's like a little vanity setup. Why is my makeup not... ...mega-bing? It just lays weird, and there's nothing I can do about it. I also noticed that a lot of you guys are still saying you want longer vlogs. I kind of realized that I also want longer vlogs. Like I want to be able to sit down and just watch someone for a good 20 minutes. We'll see if I can make them that long. Guys, I'm trying. Guys, I kind of decided I want to go get coffee again. This is... It's the same old thing. I think I'm having withdrawals because I haven't had coffee in like four days since I've been here. In New York, every single day I have coffee. So, that's where we're going to go first. I wanted to show you guys I got this top from Garage. I thought it was like the most flattering neckline. So, I bought it. And I kind of want to buy it in every other color now. But you guys need this top. It's like $20 I think. It's just the perfect top. It's the perfect length. And it's so flattering. It's hold out so I kind of have to throw this on. I feel like I never talk about this, but I actually wear glasses. Sometimes I don't need to wear them all the time. I actually just have to wear prism. This is so niche. If one person relates to this, please like comment. Because I had double vision and it like was so thick. That was actually crazy. But then I got surgery. This is such a Midwest outfit. Like this is what every girl from my high school would wear. Including myself. You guys, oh, Ashen. Sorry, you're in this. Mm. Oh, really? I'm about to go get coffee. Ashen, do you like my outfit? Mm. I like it. Thank you. I'm free. The way I know what's cold is if you can see your breath. Yep. That's when you know. Oh, it's cold. Sorry. Just came over me. I hadn't driven. And maybe a month and a half now since I moved to New York. So it feels sort of weird. We're going to go to this place called Don Brose. Because. Oh, wow. There's one right by my house. That's the reason. And it's a drive-through. So you guys know I love a good drive-through. And since I've been in New York, I've been trying so many different, like, little coffee shops, which I've been finding so much fun. See how you go, friend. When we meet. I don't want to feel so stick to something. Oh, oops. Wow, I feel so out of touch. Going back to your hometown and seeing all these like new stores. Like I feel like I missed many chapters. Everything. What are some of your holiday lattes? We have a candy cane. I'll do the candy cane. Loke of a small. Okay, I'm trying something new. I don't even really like candy cans. I don't know why I got this. Thank you. This one. So wait. I told him I did. So they accidentally gave me two drinks. And I feel kind of bad because it was kind of my fault. Originally, I was going to get a latte and then I changed my mind. So I told him never mind. Just going to get a holiday drink. And then I think he accidentally gave me both. Okay, well now I have two drinks. Well, I feel like a food reviewer now. So this one is the peppermint latte drink. I can get behind this. This is really, really good. It actually exceeded my expectations. Because like I said, I don't even like candy cane. I don't know why I got it. And then this is the vanilla latte. So we're going to also try this because now I have two drinks. It tastes a lot different. I think it's because I'm trying them back to back. I actually think I like the peppermint one better. It makes this one taste so much more bland. I'm trying to try new drinks. You know, it's like a holiday season. I don't want to be boring anymore. I also got this hash brown. Okay, why is it like just in the bag like that? It's just sitting in the bottom with no. Like, there's usually like paper or something. Okay, this is not it. It's cold. I don't like this. I feel like they didn't even cook it. I got way out of the way. I have to tell you guys what happened to me last week. This was when I was in New York still. I was shopping in Soho with my friend Justin who was visiting me. I love Wolfie Cindy or Cindy Kimberly. And we were just walking in New York. And we see her on the streets just walking, shopping. I went up to her and I was like, hi, she was so sweet. Because sometimes you meet people who you think are going to be nice and sweet. But then they let you down. I've had the habit of being before. Cindy was like the opposite. I feel like I like her even more now. And she also like, recognized me and said that she watches me on YouTube. Which I think like, my life has never been the same since. It was a fun experience for me. I took a picture. Should I put it right here? So I'm a bad YouTuber and my camera died. I wanted to go into Ulta quickly and grab a few things. Because I kind of have like a mental list of things that I've been wanting to get. And I just haven't gone there. I'm going to run in there and see what they have. It's also Black Friday. So maybe there will be some sales. Ulta to me is like Target. And that every time I go in there, I buy way more than I plan to. So I'm going to try to not do that this time. Just go in for like the two things that I need. Okay, so I just got back from Ulta. And I wanted to quickly show you guys what I got. The first thing I got is this. I'm actually so excited to try this. It's the sunscreen that's meant for under your eyes. The sunscreen I have just don't really work well front under my eyes. And I feel like under eyes are really important to protect from the sun. The next thing I got is kind of gross. But it's a snail mucin. And it's supposed to be really good for your skin. If you're on TikTok right now, you would definitely be hearing about it. I actually used this a while ago. So I wanted to start using it again. So I'm going to a hockey game with my dad. I haven't been to a hockey game in so long. Hockey is a big sport in Minnesota. And now that I'm home, like I have to embrace it. My dad let me this. This is a jersey. I don't know who this is. Practicing for when I'm a hockey wife. Okay guys, we're ready for hockey. Yeah, as we are. What's in the back of your car? Oh, tires. So my dad just told me who this player is of the jersey I'm wearing. Yeah, he's the greatest little hockey player ever. Peter Statsney. We are slow bogs. That's why we have it. Hockey game prep. Sports. Nice jersey. That's a check player. Yes. Are we Minneapolis? We just took this picture. Sent to the family group chat for support. And we only got one like from mom. That's it. Update for losing. It's only the first period so give up any hope yet. That's not real. So we lost. That was a close game and I'm blaming it all on the rest. That's what people do when they're put their salty. They just blame the rest. We would have lost anyway. The rest just made it worse. Oh, yeah. Yeah, actually you're probably right. We probably would have still lost. So now it's the part where I get ready for bed. Which usually involves listening to a YouTube video. I was watching Cody Coase Jubilee reveal video. He's probably one of my favorite YouTubers. Today was a really fun day. I had so much fun and I do really enjoy visiting a home. There's just some like safe feeling that I get coming home. I also grew up in the house that I'm in right now my entire life. So nowhere will ever feel quite as homey as this does. I can make a new home in other cities which I've done before. I feel like I've moved around kind of a lot but nothing will feel like home. Why do people go so crazy over the t-shirt cannons at sporting events? The amount of people that were screaming begging for that cannon to be shot at them. So that way they could get a t-shirt. It was crazy. It's a t-shirt. Look a $5 basic shirt. But everyone was like freaking out over it. And then for some reason it got shot right towards me. And it's definitely going to grab for my instincts were to like block it which was so down. So I didn't even get it like after that. I'm not a hater. I don't mean to be a hater. I just think it's so funny. It's not just kids. I could see a kid. Like definitely when I was a child I thought they were really cool. But like adults. Adults are like screaming begging for a shirt to be blown out of the cannon at them. And I just think it's so it's like it's kind of cute actually. I just really forgot to use that snail mucin that I bought. And I wanted to try it with you guys. I'm going to try it the next vlog. I love you guys. Thanks for watching. I feel like this was such a chill, fun day in my life. I just love being home. It's fun to like come home and not have to worry or like work or stress out things. But I love you guys so much. Thanks for watching. And I'll see you in my next vlog. Bye guys. Bye.