 Hey guys, what's up? It's Sid. I'm going to Cabo. Guys, welcome. You're at Sub from Sukase. Good morning. Actually, good afternoon. Wow, that's sad. It's already 1.30 pm. So today is technically my first day of spring break. Me and my friends, Jake and Nia, and I'm sure you guys know them by now, are going to Cabo for break, which I'm so pumped for. I thought I would vlog kind of like the process of me getting ready for my trip. I think we can all agree that packing for a trip is the most fun part. Like sometimes it's even more fun than the trip itself. First of all, I got my nails done. For galbo! Thank you. I love them. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah. All right, so here's the thing. My room is... It's seen better days. First step is to clean my room. Of course. Because once my room is clean, then I can like pack more effectively and better. It's actually like not that bad. I feel like I'm being very dramatic. Right now because I had the suitcase, I think for four years. The suitcase has been through at all. So last night I decided to make the decision to get a new suitcase. I just love it. I think it's more mature. You know, the older I get, the less I gravitate towards colors. None of that is linked. I get what I'm even saying. Got it. TJ Maxx. So goodbye to the old one. Do I let throw that in the trash? Wait, why am I like actually sad? It's been on so many trips with me the past four years. I like have like a little bit of an emotional connection to this. And I didn't realize it till now. The end of an era. Okay, that might look concerning. Because there's no cheese in it. When I was a target, I saw this and it kind of changed the trajectory of my packing. Basically, this is a woman on the go. Big. It has travel size, shampoo, conditioner, body wash, deodorant. Basically, everything you could need. I'm a huge sucker for convenience. You know, anything that's going to save me time, I will invest into. I also decided to get some cloth clips for the trip because I thought these clips might be like a good size to do half a path down. Kind of look with it because they're not too big. I don't know. Every time I go on a trip, I bring some sort of granola bar. So I have these. These are the kind bars. These are my go-to. I am so excited for my outfits. This trip, I actually forgot to order outfits until like three days ago. I was like, wait, I have nothing to wear. First things first, got this bikini. I got this chevron green one and the bottoms to match. I also got like a little cover up with it though, so I think that will be really fun. The next suit I got is this black halter one. Got some black bottoms to go with it. This next one might be my favorite one. And it does look very complicated when I hold it. I'll try to put a picture in, but it crosses super cool. To go with the brown bikini, I saw this. This is a little hair wrap. I can also use it as a shirt or I could tie it around my waist for a little cover up. So we're really seeing versatility. This is a mesh sheer sort of top that has these flared arms. And then I got two of the same dress in different colors. So it's just this body-con tight dress that is also halter neck. And it looks really pretty on. I tried it on and then I got it in this coral color. It's time to pack! I have laid out everything that I'm planning on packing. Over here I have stuff for my suitcase. And then this is stuff for my carry on. But yeah, I obviously showed you guys a lot of my fits already. I have this bedazzled disposable camera. I got these really cute socks. Something else I got is this body lumenizer. I picked up some self-tanner too. This is the St. Repay. Tanner, of course I had to pick up some bobby pins. And then when I was in line at Forever 21, I saw these really cute little hair clips. I have some slippers, a purse, more swimsuits. This is also a really cute little lounge set. It's nude. And then for my carry on, I have some books I really like to read on the plane if I can. Very excited for that. And then I have of course like a little granola bar, some ad-ville, this travel-size bottle. This hand sanitizer is the best thing I've ever smelled in my life. That's all I'm going to say. You do need to try this. Some reading glasses because recently I have been blind. Don't ask. Of course I have a mask, my passport, some gum, and then a claw clip. And I'm going to start packing stuff now. Jewelry for me has always been something that's been really difficult to pack. I just never had like a system down. So what I did was I went to the Dollar Tree. Super inexpensive. And they have these little pill miniature ziplock pouches. It really just looks like a little mini ziplock bag. It comes with so many. There's like a hundred or something. I pretty much just put all of my individual jewelry pieces into these little bags. And then I'll put all of these into a larger jewelry bag. Something I also will sometimes do is take a clear plastic straw. And if I have like a necklace that gets tangled really easily, I will just thread it through the straw, clamp it at the end. And this way you will not tangle your jewelry. Iso Indies, we are from! You guys, we just got the cup! Hey, this place is nice. It's so nice. It's so bougie. The nicest place I've ever stayed. I feel like I know belong here. We were practicing earlier our, uh, how to like look. How to look like we like belong here. Because everyone walks around here like with purpose. This is me being the churr. Action. Cut. Whoa! It was almost like you're actually like my churr. Like, This is such a new thing for you. I love it. Alright Kendall Jenner! Oh my gosh, what are you doing here? Come on in guys. Welcome to our Nobu hotel. Over here we have- Oh. Who are you? What? I'm like, why are you in our room? So this is our bathroom. He has really good lighting and I love the countertops. No, it doesn't have really good lighting. Yeah, I think- Okay, Debbie Downer alert. Wee wee wee wee. No, I like the- I like the warm though. That's why I love it. I like looking at the warm. This is the bathroom. I hope. Guys, guys, I'm so hungry. It's my thing! Because they're in the- Look at the bath tub you guys. So cool. Can I wait to use this later? Over here is our room. We have our two beds. And this is our little private toilet. Oh. So yeah, super private.