 Hey guys, it's Sid and welcome back to my channel. We're back again. I'm kind of thinking this is my new intro location. I feel like I've kind of been in a little funk. I don't know if it's because I'm back home or what it is. Also, school's coming up and I feel like I need to just get in the groove and get prepared for that. So that'd be fun for myself and for the vlog to do a day of self-care. I've kind of established like a self-care routine and honestly, just things that I do to make myself feel better. When I'm kind of feeling overwhelmed stressed, whatever it is. First things first, I'm going to clean my room because immediately after cleaning my room, I feel 10 times better. I told you guys, I would feel so much better my room is clean. It looks so nice in here now. My desk area looks a lot better. I feel like this is the area that gets the most messy for me. Obviously, I made my bed and that is my room. I'm going to work out. Now if you know me, you know, I'm not a huge workout girl. But recently, I've been kind of liking to just do small little YouTube workouts. I feel like I just feel better moving my body. So... I'm with Rosie. She's camera shy, guys. Sorry about that. I think I'm going to make a little smoothie now because I got this little packet of smoothie mix. I used to have this all the time in middle school. It's literally sugar. So I'm going to make this because I'm really excited. I saw it at the store and I was like, ah, I need to do this. You can't find it. It works. Well, it's kind of cool. Oh my gosh. I'm so stupid. I thought I could open it from the bottom and I couldn't. That's it that I could take off the top. He said it. He said it. So this is why I don't cook. You guys are not going to believe this. After I failed the first time, which to my defense, it was a new blender. I made it a second time and I kid you not. This is what happened. Oh. I'm so mad. I don't know what happened. I started pouring it in and then it like oozed everywhere. Now I have no smoothie mix left. I literally made it in a different blender and I poured it in the cup and when I picked up the cup, the glass was cut in half. Like I'm not making this up. I picked up the glass and it all oozed everywhere. There's something wrong. Am I like cursed or something? Yeah. I'm not sure. That's it. As I'm sure a lot of you guys know, school is coming up and around this time of year and August, I like to kind of put together schedule for myself. Even though I already have it technically, I kind of like to lay it out and make it all cute. I've started it a little bit but to be working on it, I'm going to use my Samsung Galaxy Book 2 Pro 360. As I'm sure a lot of you guys know, I am a Samsung partner and I'm really excited to be working with them on this video and show you guys their products and how I'm using them in school year. So like I just showed you guys, this is the laptop and one of my favorite parts about this is that I can bend it backwards and forwards. So sometimes if I want to write notes in class but I don't want to type them, I can just fold it into the tent mode and use the S pen which is just like a normal pen except for it works on their devices. And then I can literally, I'll show you guys. And then I can write any note or word that I want. They even have like a little button here so you can just hold it to erase what you wrote. It's just very versatile because I can type but I can also write things out because sometimes things require diagrams or more illustrative things and I can just super easily fold this up and just resume taking normal notes this way. I also love how it's touchscreen because I'm a very visual person. I also really like how the devices actually sync together. So essentially all of the Galaxy devices are interconnected. The same notes that I have on my Samsung phone, I can also have pulled up on my PC and vice versa. Like if I want to review my notes on the go and I don't want to have to pull up my laptop, it's just really convenient that they're all connected. They're also just really sleek and nice devices. I can bring them anywhere. They're very lightweight. I really recommend them especially if you're looking for a new way to take notes for back to school or if you're starting college. I will have obviously all the links down below to everything that I talked about from Samsung. I really do love them and I think that they have some really helpful products for students who are going back to school this year. Anyways, I'm going to work on my schedule now. I'm going to throw on some little eye masks while I do this. So I'm de-stressing and preparing for school at the same time. Multitasking at its finest. So I finished my class schedule and this is kind of the rough draft of it right now. I really like laying it out like this and I just like having it look cute. Now off to the next task. The next part of my self-care routine is arguably my favorite part which is taking a bath. I never really used to be a fan of baths, honestly, but the older I've gotten the more I like them. Maybe it's an acquired taste. But I think the most fun and de-stress part of it really comes from the ambience. So I like to do the basics like to candle poke bubbles in the bath. This is the secret you guys to the best bubble bath. You can get it at Target for five bucks. I did decide I'm going to try to take off my self-tanner. So this is the exfoliating body wash that I'm using and then a little luffa. I feel good. I feel really nice and refreshed. I'm going to do skincare now because there's a lot of you guys know. I am a junkie for skincare. I'm going to first start off by washing my face. One of my favorite things is to try out new skincare and just see what I like and what I don't like. I've seen these on TikTok. TikTok is where I get a lot of my ideas. These are the little facial lobes. I'm sure a lot of you have seen them. I honestly don't really know how to do this but I put them in the fridge for a little bit. Hold on. I feel like I don't know what I'm doing. Using gentle pressure move from your neck to your forehead with onward strokes and apply your favorite serum or moisturizer. I see now. Okay so you are supposed to use moisturizer with this which makes sense. The moisturizer I've been using recently is this confidence in a gel lotion by It Cosmetics. Here we go. I'm excited. Okay. Wait, why did you do it? I do feel a little bit silly doing this. I feel like it looks a little strange but it feels so nice. This feels better than I expected it would. Honestly, even if it doesn't do anything, I'm enjoying my experience. Okay, I think I've been doing this for like 20 minutes. So I'm going to stop now. I'm not going to do the rest of my skincare right now but I'm just going to quickly put on some aqua-four. And now my skin feels really nice. Thanks for joining me. Let's go to my room. Oh well you guys should come with me. I am really trying to get back on my reading grind. That sounds weird. I've been trying to read again. A few months ago I was really in a good routine with reading books. I was, do I bring this up? It's a little touch subject. I was in a book club. Okay, my friend Will and I, we were going strong and I was the weak link. I was. I'm going to admit it. I am self-aware. I'm trying to get back into reading. I feel like reading is just really good for me and mentally. I'm going to be finally starting atomic habits. I've heard so many good things about this book from so many people. Okay, update you guys. I really like the book so far. I will say it definitely does remind me of the compound effect book that I have read. I think that's going to be the end of today's vlog. I feel like it was actually pretty productive. Got some self-care done. Propped her back to school. And now we have glowing skin because of those globes that I'm obsessed with. I love you guys. And I'll see you in my next vlog. Bye guys.