 Good morning you guys it's Sid and welcome back. So today I'm doing another day in the life and I specifically decided to vlog today because I have a very busy day ahead of me. I've said this before but I actually really enjoy staying busy. If I have too much time on my hands I overthink and just like get in my head and I just feel like I'm overall happier if I'm busy. Productive before I start my day I'm going to kind of give you guys a little rundown of the agenda. If I don't write down every single night before I go to bed what I have going on the next day and like what I have to do nothing gets done. I'm a very visual person and I just need to see my day ahead. There's things first I've a doctor's appointment so fun. I also think I'm going to go to Whole Foods before that. There's one like right by the office and I love Whole Foods and I never go there. For some reason all of my work is hitting me at once this week so I have a lot of emails that I didn't do. So I'm going to try to go to a coffee shop and do some work. There's this one by my house that I am obsessed with that I just found. I just love it there. I feel at home there. I think my mom's cooking dinner tonight. Oh and I also have a hair appointment. I oh my god I almost forgot about that. Yeah that's the plan as of right now. I'm just getting ready for my day and I want to look cute so let me pick out an outfit. Okay so today's fit is this gray jersey tea and then I'm also wearing some blue jeans with it. I actually just got this t-shirt. This is the Skins Cotton jersey tea. It's truly so comfortable and what I like about it is that I can dress it up or dress it down so you can see I'm putting in some gold hoops to elevate the outfit a little bit. I'm also going to put on this gold necklace chain that I have. Like I said I did just get this from Skins and I'm so incredibly excited to actually be working with them on this video. I am such a fan of them. I purchased so many things especially in college. Me and my girlfriends would all shop in class like buying the new Skins releases. When they reached out to work with me I was so excited. I literally think I responded to the email offer being like yes yes yes. Before I start my day I wanted to do a little haul of the rest of the Skins pieces that they sent me. I got this huge box. Whoa. It feels like Christmas. They sent me a few different things. The first one is they're fits everyone square neck bodysuit. When I first tried this on I was shocked at how comfortable it was. It hugs you in the right places especially in the waist. And I love the lower back how it scoops in the back. It's super flattering. Also and if it's everything collection they sent the crossover bra. First of all I love this chocolate color. The straps are adjustable which is really convenient. There's no cups in this so it's actually very comfortable. Like I'm wearing this right now underneath my t-shirt and I forgot what I was even wearing it. They also sent me the matching underwear which is a thong. Thongs are hard for me because sometimes they're very uncomfortable but they're such a tiny seam on this that you really can't even hardly feel it on and I'm really picky with my bras and underwear. So that's just a lot. They also sent me this new to scoop neck bra let. Again there's no metal clasp in the back here. It's just a wrap around. They sent me again the matching underwear. The scams has these plunge bra let's which is really convenient especially if you have a lower neck top that you want to wear but you don't want your bra to show through. This plunge is pretty low in that v neck shape. It has this ribbing on it. This is super flattering on. It lifts everything up in a good way. To go with it they sent me one of their favorite items. This is the cotton rib tank. I already have this in two colors from them so I'm super excited to add this color to my collection. This color is so nice it's very unique. It's almost like a muted cold-walt blue. Then finally to go with it they sent the cotton rib legging where I'm just all together I feel powerful because it's such a cohesive little set. These are the ideal leggings for lounge wear. There's a really good stretch to these and they have a lot of give. Lastly to go with my cotton jersey grey tea which I'm wearing right now they sent me at the cotton jersey cheeky underwear. I don't think I've ever owned high-waisted underwear before so these are really fun and the sides are also cut super high. Super cute. Lastly they sent the cotton jersey triangle bra let. Just like their other bras this is the most comfortable bra ever but I do appreciate how the comfort of their bras doesn't sacrifice the support. The mesh lining really just helps to hold everything together. So yeah that's why a little mini haul of the things that skinned sent me. Thank you so much Skims for sponsoring this video and I'm so excited to be working with you. So I am about to go to my doctor's appointment in 30 minutes but I got here a little bit early because there's a whole foods right by here. I love whole foods but I never really go because we don't have one by my house so I was like I need to take advantage of the fact that I'm close to it. I only have like half an hour but I want to just go in quick maybe get like a snack or a lunch thing. Guys I'm not going to lie I'm actually really disappointed. There was not much in that whole food so like everything was gone. I don't know if it's because it's the time of day but there just like wasn't hardly any selection. So of all things what did I buy? Pizza. I'm not at pizza hater I love pizza but I just was expecting something more fun and this was literally the last piece of cheese pizza so on a scale of one to ten I would rate this like an eight. I'm going to my doctor's appointment now. I have had this scheduled for like four months. The weight was so long to get in. So I ended up having any of my blood drawn which I didn't expect. I passed out before from getting my blood drawn so now anytime I get my blood drawn I have to tell like the nurse that I have a history of that. She did it twice because this one didn't work for some reason like there wasn't blood coming out so she did it again on this arm so I'm double bandaged up. I almost passed out this time. It's like so embarrassing I hate that but I don't know how to not do it. I like psych myself out. I try to distract myself. Doctors visit. I need to eat this right now. It is my favorite part of the day. I am going to get my coffee. I love the specific coffee shop that I found in the Mall of America. It's so random. It's like this capital one cafe but they have pizza there which pizza is so good and I feel like it's so underrated. I like to go in there do my work. It's just like a really nice environment. I just like to get out of my house. I do better productivity wise that way. So I have some work to do. I actually have kind of a lot to edit vlog wise. I have a lot of brand deals. I have two different, actually three different brand deals do this week. I feel so extra coming all the way to the Mall of America just to do my work at a coffee shop. But it's only like nine minutes from my house so I also like hack the system. There's this tiny little parking lot right outside of the mall and it's right next to the cafe that I go to. It only takes me like two seconds to get in there. I know my way around you guys. They were so nice and they made me this coffee free. They made my entire day. One of my favorite things to do is to people watch and that's why I love this spot because I can just stay here and do my work and everyone's like walking around the mall. Okay, I'm now at my hair appointment. I always first take off my jewelry so just took off my necklace. I might take these off just because it like always gets in the way. I just want a tiny little trim, probably an inch or two off just to freshen things up. And then hopefully some face framing. I'm running a little late. Guys, I need to change my ways. My hair is done and it looks so good. I know it's like the most minimal change I probably could have gotten but there's just something about a fresh, blunt trim that's so refreshing. There's a stage in my hair like where things get not good for me. Like if it gets much longer than this, it just gets really stringy because I have super fine hair. I just have to make sure to keep up with my cuts long story short. But yeah, I think I'm going to head home now and see what's for dinner. Yeah. Yeah, please. Thank you. Herks are living at home when you're my goods for you. Okay, what's on the menu tonight, Mom? Meito Basel pasta. It's like we eat the same things. It's pasta with tomatoes. Yeah. Well, despite past failed efforts, I'm actually remembering to end the vlog today. This is big for me. I'm going to hang out on my deck until I go to bed. Thank you guys so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed this vlog. Also, thank you again to Skins for working with me on this video. I love you guys and I'll see you in my next vlog. Bye guys.