 It's just something you can't do. Hey guys, good morning and welcome back. So this morning I am getting ready to go to a workout class which I'm so excited for because I've been wanting to do a workout class here and this is going to be like my first one. I should wear it over my ears, you know? That looks even weirder. Basically, one of my friends Ella, she's like from here so she knows a lot more than me. She was like, there's this like, aloe workout class thing that we can do. I'm like honestly kind of nervous. The last time that I worked out was... I can't even remember the last time I worked out. I think a morning activity that forces you to get up and like, kind of just start your day on a good note completely changes like the rest of the trajectory of my day. If I work out in the morning and I get up early in my the rest of my day, it's so much better versus like if I sleep in and I just am lazy, then the rest of my day is so much less productive. I also because I haven't worked out in so long, I had no workout clothes. This isn't even a workout top. Like this is just like a skim's top. This is just I don't know guys. Oh my god, I need to hurry. What am I doing? So I'm bringing like a little workout bag and I'm going to bring these workout shoes. Water. Oh, I need my purse. Vlog camera. I think we're good. I have my outfit on. Guys, I think I finally figured out how to use this subway. It definitely took me like a couple months. Not bad, it's not hard, but like when you have to transfer trains, that's where I was at last. It's really not that complicated. I'm also just directly challenged. Okay guys, we're here. I'm with Ella. We're at Ella. Look how cute this is in here. Nice bag. I can't do that. Yeah, I'm going to scare for that. I didn't bring any workout clothes, so they are Steve Usbees, which is so nice and nice. Change. This is so much better. Cute. 12 reps is the goal. And one. Okay guys, we just finished our workout class and we got smoothies. Wait, let's do like a recap. It was really hard. It was so hard. We were too hard. I was just like freaking going to be cute. But we did it. And we're going to try to make this really big, motivated us to workout. Yeah. My legs are jello. Okay, so I just got out of the shower. I dried my hair. And I'm just going to put on a little makeup today, mostly like SPF, just because it's actually pretty sunny out, which I'm happy. The sun, I feel like I've told you guys this a million times, really affects my mood. The winter season in Estona, where I'm from, are like especially dark, just like very dark and dreary. Then when I moved to California, I was like, this is amazing. Why is it never dreary here? So I don't know, just being back in New York, where it's not sunny every day is just something, just like a reality check. And you know what I need? I need a good getting ready playlist. I haven't had one of those made in a long time. If you guys have any or like if one of you guys have made one, can you like please link it for me? I just like, I just don't want to make my own. I made a list last night of everything that I need to get done today. Basically every day I like to make a to-do list for what I need to get done. And I usually do that like the night before the day ahead. It just helps like keep me on track because I think I can get really distracted. So I actually let's target the other day and I bought this notebook. It just helps me like visually and I like it 10 times better. I have a lot of stuff to do on my computer like calls and appointments. I need to clean because my apartment is kind of getting messy. My mom is coming to visit me tomorrow so I have to have it spotless for her. I also need to do laundry and get groceries and stuff. We'll see how far we get today. I'm on my way out right now to go to this coffee shop and I'm going to try to get some of the stuff done on my list. I get so much more done. Why am I like a coffee shop for some reason? This is my laptop bag. I'm just throwing in my laptop and I'm bringing my journal. I need a jacket though because it is actually pretty cold. Oh, have I been showing you guys this yet? I don't think I have. I did redo my room. Not redo. I just added a few things. One of them is this clothing rack in the corner. I needed more space and storage for clothes. I love it if it fits so well in this corner. So I just got back. I was actually so productive today. I've also been working on something that I'm just so excited about and I hate it when people are like, oh, I can't tell you yet but I actually can't. You guys will know soon. I just got this package and I'm really not sure what it is. So let's unbox it for fun. Oh! I got a package from Rify. I'm so excited. It's time I go to Sephora. Rify is sold out. This is super nice. It looks like they sent a few things. Okay, this is a little cherry blush. That color looks so pretty. This is a red lip liner. Wait, this is what I'm most excited for. I can tell. I have their clear gloss which I love but I didn't know. They must have just came out with this one. It's a tinted gloss. This is so pretty. Thank you, Rify, if you're watching this. All right, fun and jokes are over. Time to get back to work. I'm just kidding. There's a washer and dryer in my apartment complex on the bottom floor but they broke. So I haven't been able to do my laundry for quite a bit now and I really desperately need to. So I think I'm going to go to a laundry mat which I've never been to before. I'm kind of like excited for some reason. I'm just going to throw as many clothes as I can into this bag. Why do they all fit in here? I'm shocked. I don't understand how the logistics of how that all fit but whatever. Why do I romanticize everything? I don't. There's no need. I romanticize going on the subway. I romanticize walking in the street and I romanticize going to the laundry mat. I don't know. It's more fun that way. When I pick up, when is it ready? Most. It's about 6 p.m. Okay, thank you. So I had to go to three different laundry mats just to find one that was open. What was that fun as I expected? I didn't like it to do it myself but I also forgot it was Halloween today. I don't know how I had, I just didn't realize and all these kids are dressed up walking around in their costumes. There's actually a lot easier than I expected. I totally thought that I was going to have to wash it myself but the place I went to they do it for you so I haven't supposed to go back tomorrow night and get it. I'm kind of sad. I wanted to do it myself. I wanted to do the laundry mat experience but I need to do a good deep clean of my apartment. My mom's coming tomorrow as you guys know. Like that's just something you can't do. You can't have your mom visit you and your apartment's messy. I just need to pick up like my bed area and you take out the trash. I have some dishes to do also because I don't have a dishwasher. I don't know if I've said that before but my favorite part of the day is when it's night time and I know I'm not going anywhere because then I can just get dressed and comfy clothes light a candle. And I just like staying in more now way more than I used to. I don't know what changed after I graduated. Like I've been out here like five times and every time I just I don't know I'm just it's a lot of effort to go out. So that did take me a lot longer than I expected. I tend to underestimate timing for everything. I'm like oh this only take like two minutes but it takes two hours. I decluttered my entire room and it just looks so much better. I'm still debating if I should get a rug or something right here. I don't know if that would make my room look smaller. Let me know what you guys think. I feel like you guys have good opinions. This is a new clothing rack I got that I showed you guys earlier that I love and the little side table I also cleaned up a bit. And then my dad also put this little mirror up. I don't know if I showed you guys this yet. I just feel like I have a little bit of an entryway now which kind of helps since I'm in a studio to divide it. As I was cleaning up my fridge I realized I don't have as many groceries as I thought I did. So I'm going to run to the grocery store super quick. The only thing is like I've said this before I cannot buy as much as I would like to because I just can't carry that many groceries. So I tend to do Instagram now but when I just need a few things like quickly I'll just run to this grocery store and just grab a few things. It's also extremely expensive this grocery store. I mean it's just like painful how much things cost here. Okay I'm bringing my grocery bag. I'm bringing my earbuds because that always listens to music. I was obviously used to driving before and I loved driving and I loved listening to music in my car. When I'm on the subway I'm just walking somewhere. I just throw these in and then if I don't want people to talk to me this is also a good solution. Oh I should take out the trash. This is what I got. Sun chips. If you haven't had the garden salsa once please just please trust me. I don't know what grounds you have to trust me on but just please trust me. They're so good and I just feel like they're very underrated. Why doesn't anyone talk about those? I also got some oats. Quaker oatmeal. I got strawberries. That's it. That's my haul. Since it's Halloween I think there was like a parade or something and they're all like circulating out of it from the same exit and like coming down the street I don't know. But it's actually kind of fun. I kind of like love how chaotic it is here at times. At times. Sometimes I'm like okay it's enough. People watching is always something I've really enjoyed. I'm able to do so much of that for my apartment. I see the most random like insane stuff. I truly can't even like articulate to you guys what I've seen. I've seen some things that I probably don't want to see. I saw this couple arguing like really they were really going at it with each other. And I was obviously intrigued. I'm like I do like watching the drama. I don't like being in drama but I'll like I'll watch it if it's there. I was confused because after the whole argument happened they like resumed normalcy and then I saw him holding a script. So I think it was all fake. I really don't know. I actually have some work related stuff with one of my friends so I'm going to call him right now. Hi. Hi. I'm filming right now still but. Hello. Can we have a chat? Anything crazy. I'm going to go to bed now. It's midnight. I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in my next vlog. Bye guys.