 Good morning guys and welcome back. Oh, that's right. Oh, that's right. Oh, is that him? Two, three. I have a presentation this morning. It's 9.25. I have to run and get my presentation that I printed out at FedEx. And then I have to run back to school because my presentation's at 10am and I'm first to go on the list. The past like four days I have been suffering from the worst eye infection of my life. Actually, to be fair, I've never had an eye infection before. So naturally it would be the worst. But I kind of want to put in a picture just to show you how bad it was. But also like it's, I don't think you guys would see me the same again. Some presentations you know you give and you're like, you don't really care about the topic. This one I think is really interesting because it's from my Swords Communication class, which is actually like a really fun class. Well, just Fed, you must acquit. I'm sure many of you are familiar with the statement used in the O.K. Guys are presentations. So we did good. I mean, you didn't really get it. Yo. Look at that. Look at that. So I finished my presentation this morning. It went pretty good actually. A couple of my classes got canceled today. So I'm actually like out early basically I'm in a sorority DG and we have a formal this Thursday. I need to get a couple things for it. Like I have my dress, but I need shoes. And I also need a makeup because I haven't worn makeup since my eye has been infected. Really, really quick. I wanted to show you guys what I got. It's going to be a super, super speed haul. When I was leaving, I heard this lady walk in and she was like asking one of the workers, hey, like I'm looking for a really good waterproof mascara. Do you have any recommendations? And I so badly wanted to tell her the one that I use and that I got today because it's so good. The mascara I'm talking about is this one. This is the Mabeline Lash Sensational Waterproof Mascara. This compared to normal mascara has really kept my eyelashes really curled and holds the curl really well. I got some cotton pads to remove my makeup with and then I also did get a little mini tart shaped tape concealer. I'm now a target because I need heels for formal. So I'm going to see if they have an egg. My roommate was saying that they have some good ones that are like comfortable. You can put some on the goofy feet. I need poster board. Hold on. I had to get this because my friend has a soccer game in like a couple days and I really want to be annoying and make posters for it. Good morning. Wow, I really did sleep in. It's 11 a.m. Something I've been trying to do this month is to make my bed every morning. So I'm getting back home from the store. I had to run and grab some puppy paint and coloring sheets. These are the coloring sheets. I have like quite a few of them and then the puppy paint because for our sorority we need a service hours and our sorority supports blind children and basically if you take the puppy paint and like dot it along the edges then the blind children can do the coloring. It's just a really good thing to do for those kids. Yeah, my friend Mary is going to come over so we are going to do that now. Okay, so we are currently doing the coloring sheets. This is Sydney as a picture. A happy little sunshine flower. All in one. Oh, I feel like you have to go fast with seamless. Yeah, I need to roll up the sleeves. We're so running out of this stuff. Yeah, why did they get more like that one? Guys, I'm back at Michael's lesson an hour later. We ran out of puppy paint. I didn't get enough. So this is our progress. You know, they're not perfect. So we're just going to start there. I decided to go on a walk and here I am walking in my slides. My walks are very mundane. It's just like a nice little break for me to get out of the house sometimes. This is not artsy. It's brow time. Brow time hasn't occurred for me for a while. My eyebrows grow extremely fast. So yeah, I just need to clean up. I used to get my eyebrows waxed, but I found this threading salon like a year ago. And they are so, so good here. Hello. I do not think there's anything more painful than getting your lip threaded. But I do it anyways. So I got my lip threaded. I also got my brows done, of course. She did such a good job. They're so full, which is what I love. I'm gonna head home. I'm first gonna grab Chick-Pley, I think. Yeah, I'm really sad honestly right now too. Because like a lot of times after I get my brows done, I would go right across the street to this Jimmy John's, but they closed like down permanently. I just like went up to the window and everything is out of there. So yeah, that was definitely, I don't know, it was a sad moment for me. Definitely reflecting and processing that. You guys, I'm over it. I'm now working on this project with my friends, Chloe and Jellum on the phone with them. Slay, bye. We're trying to like work on our gender communication paper, but it's not due for a week. So I feel like we are kind of ahead of the ball. Everyone knows very how it's there, don't they? Yeah, considering we're the last people in the class, we probably actually aren't ahead of it. Yeah, maybe we should do that email honestly. I think we should go to the morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. But it's the last time you guys found me with long hair and now I'm just here. We had one just this morning and now we're taking a break. Wait guys, everyone say your name. I'm Justin. I'm Chloe. I'm Andrew. I'm Chloe. I'm Bailey. I'm Jellum. Hey guys, I'm about to pie my friends. What do you have to say? We do not like this. It's my third one. One, two, three. I really need those two. Oh. Oh. Okay, so I'm in my last class of the day. There is someone blogging for this. Oh really? It's presentation day, except not for me. This is us waiting for a professor. I was stressing about being late myself, but I mean, she's not. I was really craving Chipotle, so I grabbed a little bowl from there. Good morning. Our air conditioner is back. Like, it's certainly loud. I have been working on my mother's day gift for my mom. So much the past few days. I basically got this little booklet where I write her letters. And she opens them on different dates. So just taking a little bit of time. But I also got some photos printed out for it. Then I'm going to try to put in there to make it extra fun and cute. I'm really excited. It's actually been like really fun to make. So. I finally finished my mother's day gift for my mom. So I'm about to mail it. I just like to stop by here at Restaurant, Green Tomato. I got this ranch wrap which has lettuce, tomato, chicken, cheese. I'm going to eat and then yeah, I'm going to go home formal soon. I have some things to do to kind of get myself ready. Oh, I don't look good. It's so early as you do. We're going to formal you guys. I'm sick. Selected me to go with it. It's like that. Can you believe that? Let's go. So I kind of do natural makeup because I always do that. And actually, honestly, maybe I should add. I feel like I'm just getting predictable at this point. I don't know. Wait, can I hear the tea? Oh, I thought there was tea. Oh, wow. Can you have me with this? Uh oh. I'm coming. I'm coming. You guys all go well. I'm going to hunt for you guys. You're going to get me. It's trying to do his hair and the roommates are watching. The roommates are hoping with my hair. They are. He's just not like the method is incorrect. We need to see the picture. Then you scrunch it as you. You're going to get it. Get it. Hey guys, I'm doing my hair now. Okay, so we got ready. I just want to see how we look. Besties. Aww. I think it was a tour. But are they more than besties? And not the secreties. And that's what everyone wants to know. So I'm wearing a dress from Windsor. Heels are from Target. And purse is, uh, I forget I'm sorry. I'm going to wear a brownie. I'm going to wear a brownie. I'm going to wear a brownie. Hello. This is the pregame. I love you. Sydney's YouTube. This is the pregame. This is the pregame. This is the pregame. This is the pregame. What's up, we just got it back from the formula. Can you watch me now? Yeah. Wait, you know, it'd be funny. It'd be like, you like, you flying up into the sky. I know. I know. Wow, I mean, that may be. Can you watch me now? Can you ask me like one more? I'm going to see. I'm going to see. Action. Action. In the recap, formal is really fun. Good morning. I'm tired. But we're at school. And it's 10 a.m. We made it. That's what we made it. That's okay. That's a big girl. That's a big girl's wrap. We're at school, you guys. It's about work-life balance. Okay, should we go on ours now? I am on my way out to the door. I got done with class a little bit earlier. And now, I've changed. I am going to my friends soccer game, which is exciting. Number 19. Should you say looks thick today? Has a fat ass. Has a fat ass. Go. I'm not underlying it too. Oh, yeah. Oh, perfect. I'm like, we weren't going to just write go-kitty because it's boring. I need to see spicy. Like, we can't be predictable. Like, never let them know you're next to me. We're one of the only people here, but like, we're supportive as f***ing. We're not at D1 school. Let's just start there. D3. We are D3. We're at the D1 in our hearts. Yeah, clearly by the lack of representation. Oh, he's at him? Wait. He doesn't see it. Okay, I just feel like he's not appreciating it. Oh. He's not looking at us. He's getting in there. Oh. Oh. So, I forgot to do an outro again. Shocker. Quick disclaimer. This vlog is kind of more like a highlight reel of my college week. I did a lot of studying that I just didn't film for you guys. There is work that goes on behind the scenes. This is just some of my favorite moments this week. But I hope you guys liked the vlog. This one I thought was super fun. And I'll see you in my next one. And I promise I'll do an outro. Most likely. Okay. Love you guys. Bye.