 Hey guys, it's Sid and welcome back to my channel. I am so excited! Before I get into today's vlog, I wanted to show you guys something really exciting that I've been working on for the longest time now. I think it's been like six months. Finally, I released my clothing collaboration with my friend, Bria. And I wanted to show you guys everything that we made together. I've done merch in the past and I really wanted to branch out from merch and create really good high quality pieces that have meaning behind them. So basically the whole collection is themed. I love you. The back of hoodies. God. I'm just going to insert a clip, I think. So the back of the hoodies says I love you in different languages. And there's also a heart on the front which I hand drew and I drew like 200 of these. And then this was the one that we liked the best. One of these house three good. So this is my little heart that I drew. And then there's also sweats. So the sweats have the love definition on it. Just says the act of caring and giving to someone else, having someone's best interest and well-being as priority in your own life. The hoodie and sweats come in three different colors. So I'm wearing the brown nude set. They also come in this really beautiful forest green color which I absolutely love. I want to say this is my favorite color. And then they also come in this black and blue set. You can buy them separately but I love wearing them together as a set. And then to go along with the sweats and hoodie. I really wanted to make a tank top that was super comfortable but also thick enough in like a good quality. We made mocknacks and we went back and forth on the mocknack I think the most because I wanted the cut to go in more on the shoulders and it just looks so flattering on. Hey guys. It's a horrible ankle. Where you should go? I think this is really elegant. No binding, thinner. I think it makes a little more different than it's rounded too. Yeah. I wear my mocknack all the time just because it goes with so many things. We also had to do so many adjustments with the neckline just so it laid like perfectly. It was really flattering on. So I'm super super happy with this. The quality is so amazing. Same with the hoodie and sweats like the quality. It's something that we really prioritize but yeah the mocknacks come in the three colors that I showed you guys. The last thing in the collection is what I'm wearing right now which are these earrings and what's so funny is I literally have been wearing these. I think for like the past like three months in my vlogs because I wear them all the time. And everyone always asks in the comments like where are your earrings from. I love them so much and I'm like well now you can buy them. I will have a link to everything down below of course if you want to shop. We worked super super hard on this. We made so many adjustments and alterations just to make everything perfect. Even like to the embroidery of the text on the back I wanted it to be embroidered and stitched versus just like a screen print because I wanted to be like that really nice quality. The whole inspiration for the collection really came from a life lesson that I've learned in the past couple years which is just telling the people in your life how much you really love them and appreciate them. I think it's something that's really easy to forget. I think it's something that we don't say enough to the people in our life. So I really hope this collection serves as a reminder of those things and I really hope you guys feel confident in these clothes. And I just wanted to say thank you to Briya for watching this. I love you so much and I would not have been able to pray any of these ideas and concepts and execute them the way we did without you. I hope you guys love these pieces as much as I do. We can twin, wear them together. So if you get anything make sure to like tag me and your stories and stuff. So the hoodie and sweats will not be restocked. I was supposed to say that. So if you are planning on getting them I would get them now. Let's get into the vlog. Oh hey guys, what's up? It's it and welcome to my crib. Come on in. We should probably close the gate so that someone comes in. Don't want to hurt us, please, please, no. You guys stop visiting. We get it. We get it. You want to see it's vlog. We need to hit a million on TikTok and change. Anything you want to say about it. I don't know, I'm kind of like I think we should just go inside first. Okay, not like oh there's a fireplace. Yeah, it's just a fireplace. Okay, is that like rude I don't know? Whatever. We apologize for the mess. It's not messy. Oh, you're messy. Okay. So this is the inside. Absolutely love the white right interior. Over here. Oh. Oh. He's a cancer guys. Alright, let's go to the kitchen. I usually take my horse. Just looking a little messy right now because we're brought to me pancakes. Yeah, it's a pancake station. Oh, it's written in the shower. That's on. I was going to shower this morning inside and I'm like well why would I do it outside? It's like a misopportunity. I haven't tried it yet. I tried it. Yeah, try it. Let it rip. Oh. Why does it look brown? The ice is the water brown. Joshua tree, am I right? And that's our house you guys. Let's go inside and make pancakes. I'm like. We're in the room. We are in the room. That's literally the reason why I'm so pretty. Because you not see the towel. Yeah, I hid my towel so it's the most important thing. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Yeah, I hid my towel so it's the most important thing. I'm literally going to have to like, cheerly start doing the most important thing. So I'm just putting it on the ground. All right, guys. Now it's pancake time. Get excited. You're the pan to my cake. Oh, really? Yeah. We're using. Oh, really? We're using. Oh, really? We're using. It's so pretty. Oh. It's so pretty. Oh. It's so pretty. It's so pretty. It's so pretty. Okay, not bad, little jake goods. Oh, one more. Oh. What do we got? She doesn't show hot. Oh, ****. This is bad. This is not looking good for us. What? What? What? What about you? We made it for you. We're making cream. We're trying to pass some big matches. Guys, we made our pancake. We did it and they're good. I think they're pretty good. And we're also sitting outside. It's so pretty and peaceful. I'm so happy and content right now. Like, I wouldn't want to be doing anything else. Oh, saving me. That would be too. The guy that lives here. This is like a little weird. Maybe I shouldn't do this. Hey guys. We thought it'd be fun to stop. And look at some abandoned houses. There's no way anyone lives here. I'm just like, I think it's fine. I'll go first. No, I'll go first. Should we knock? It's kind of cool, right? Usually there's more stuff. That's what you do. So we think we're going to buy it. You guys, should we buy it? Should we buy it? Come below. Come below. And look at the skylights through the roof. Skylights. So we ended up at the bowling alley. Yeah. It's for my mom. I love you. See what you're looking for? That was just awful. This is for every f***ing chute dad. No way.