 Good morning guys and happy finals week! So it's currently Monday morning. I thought it'd be really fun to kind of just like vlog this whole week. Being finals week we don't have class normally. We just have a lot of times for our finals, which basically means I'm gonna be studying all week in between. I'm actually on my way to get my hair cut which is like so unrelated but I thought I'd still vlog it. I have my Celsius to start the morning. I know I've kind of like said that Celsius makes me like shaky but I still drink it. Guys, meet ghost of on. This is my son. I stole him from a Popeyes. What? You don't video watch? Yeah, I do. You too. Oh, you're gonna sit too? Okay, hair has been cut. It was like a weird way to say it but I needed it. I think she took off like two inches or so. I have a few minutes before I like my study session thing. I'm gonna be getting my nails done. Like I know it's finals week and this is a finals vlog but... Okay, nails are done. I love the red tip. Anyways, now I'm gonna go pick up my friends and we're gonna go study. Just did it! I'm vlogging my finals week. Hi, I already have Shusu Subana Ra. It goes home with. We're gonna return the book. I have not used it once this semester. Wait for real, like you and you're open. Not once. It's like fresh and new when everything. Okay, yeah, so we have to return a textbook. We're gonna go study. I am back. I should bring up. I could go back. I think we're actually gonna study. We are now studying. I'm with Justin and Rocky. We got our drinks. I got a fresher so to Justin he copied me. I'm gonna study for a period of first weeks now. No, he hasn't got a cop. I'm gonna go back. Now I'm taking a little study break because we were at Starbucks for actually quite a while. I'm gonna pick up my friend Kendall and we thought we would just like drive around. Maybe like look at Christmas lights. Cheers! We got our drinks. We're at Starbucks. Losing at Starbucks. The way it's my second time here today. We're in sweats. Finals week attire and now we're gonna go look at lights. This is adorable. Oh my god. I'm not gonna sing on Tallah. What is that? I'm not cackering. Yeah. Stay to the finals week. Here we go. I'm with Maya. Yay. We are on our way to LA. So yeah, we're basically going to like a little event and I've got a study for finals after this. Yeah, this is like a finals vlog and I'm like going to a light. Yep. I'm studying. I'm studying. We just got out of the white box. It was so fun. We are now going to sweet green, which it's my first time on. My favorite place. Like when I lived in LA, I would always go to sweet Graham. I'm home. Okay guys, I'm back home. I'm gonna spend the last like hour or two before bed going over my theories of persuasion notes. So something I really like to do now is I'll just take like a piece of paper or a notebook and I'll just copy down everything in my study guide. I something about the act of just writing out my notes on pen and paper helps me to remember things and like conceptualize it more. Guys, I think I made a pretty good progress. I kind of just wrote out some general concepts. Some of my classes I actually had just had projects for. So I really don't have that many like in-person finals that are super stressful. See you guys in the morning. Can I have a Grande Strawberry? I'll say refresh your please. Good morning. It's Wednesday. It actually feels like it's like Saturday at this point. I don't know. It's it's like a long week. Today's my first in-person final. I'm feeling nervous but excited to get it over with. So I'm starting the morning at Starbucks just to get some food because I didn't have any because I'm leaving for break and like two days and I don't really want to go to the grocery store and get all this food. Oh my god, wait this is so bad. I usually don't have Starbucks like this much. I mean sometimes, but like not to this extent. Okay guys, we're in a study room at the library. I'm with Jessie. I've literally never gotten a study room with the library before. So this is the first for me. We're about to study for our test and Jessie was telling you about this app called Fora because I get distracted, you know, actually everyone does. For every 25 minutes, it'll give you five minute break. And like you can't really go on your phone. Yeah, if you go on your phone, the tree will die. And we don't want that. So one thing I really like to do next study is write things out. I like to write things out instead of just staring at it because then I like make a connection versus just like reading things. Ew, I kind of hate my handwriting. Okay guys, we finished studying. We now have our final. What's like your confidence level one to 10 right now? For a 4.5. 4.5. I feel like good after our study session. No, I feel better. Guys, we just finished our final. I actually like went better than I expected. I feel good. It was much better than I expected. I just like feel good to have one like test off my plate, you know, like I'm focused on the others. It's Secret Santa time. Final over. This means Secret Santa time. So well, no, I still have more left, but do I have to be Santa? Good morning! Good morning everyone. I'm starting out today at Chipotle. It's kind of a long story. I was out this morning and I need to do a final but it's online. And I have like an hour before I have to go home. So I'm going to try to do it now on my computer at Chipotle. Also, I've definitely given up this week on just my appearance leggings, slippers. So that's where I'm at. I feel like Chipotle is such a random place to study. So it's in Chris Blood Circulation. So it's good for better product penetrations. Okay guys, we got our fish. So nice. Our skin is glowing. Now I'm out studying. Study Sash. We're studying for SEC in AF Building at Chapman. Stop! Literally stop. Not you adding random photos to the thing. I'm gonna see if I can make this in so much trash. Because you guys can't take food because of that. No, well maybe. Yeah, or for brother. Buckets. What the? I'm starting the vlog today at Starbucks. Wait, what? I'm really that tired. I'm at Target. I'm getting some stuff. I have a final one an hour. I'm here for one reason and one reason only. The Celsius. Because I was up till 3am. And I have no energy. And I need this to get me through the final. Okay, here we go. Guys, let's do this. You look busted. Guys, we're about to take our final. No, I don't want to be in the vlog. Why not? I'm done with vlog. Why are you being so dramatic? We have a final. I'm feeling honestly not that cut about it. I'm being honest. Still in my vlog. Where's Facebook? I'll blur your face out. Guys, I'm done with my finals. I got back a couple hours ago. And I've been doing stuff ever since because I didn't pack. And my flight literally leaves in like two hours. So I packed everything, cleaned my room, sort of. And now I'm going to be heading to the airport in like 10 minutes. So yeah, this was basically my final week. I hope you guys liked the vlog. It was some too stressful actually. It was pretty chill. I think my last exam actually went pretty good. I love you guys so much. And I'll see you in my next vlog. Bye guys.