 I don't know! Hi guys, so this video just needs to start out with a confession. I am addicted to TikTok. This addiction really started last night. I found myself at 1 a.m. alone in my apartment watching TikToks. Basically, at 1 a.m. I came across the phenomenon of the e-girl. I really had no idea what an e-girl was. I was very confused and just very curious as to what an e-girl is. If you are unaware of what an e-girl is, let me help educate you on this very important subject. An e-girl is a species of emo usually found on TikTok but commonly spends time on Tumblr. Kenbe found wearing pink eyeshadow with a large wig. Can we play that back? Kenbe found wearing pink eyeshadow with a large wig. Is anyone gonna tell her? Little hearts under the eyes and a blush nose. Normally wearing some type of shirt from Urban Outfitters over a long-sleeved striped shirt. Commonly found doing the Mimi-Me dance. But has probably never seen it before. E-girls just have this style to them and aesthetic to them. Very similar to the Visco Girl. How they have their own aesthetic and things that they wear or do. I have done quite a few videos on Visco Girls. You know, as much as I may or may not like to admit it, I kind of feel like I'm kind of a Visco Girl. This is just how I dress. I don't know. I always wear t-shirts and hoodies and scrunchies. And show Michael's is. I really am a Visco Girl. So I thought it'd be fun to transform myself from a Visco Girl to an E-girl. I just think this would be so funny because I really am like the opposite of an E-girl. Life is all about stepping out of your comfort zone and just doing things that you don't do. I don't know where I was going with that. The first step of this video has to be me deviscowing myself. Another that's out of the way. I need to get a wig because my hair is just not at all E-girl material. Let's go to the wig store, baby. Woohoo! Okay now. So I just got out of the Halloween store. I had so much fun in there. And here's the thing. I've seen multiple different versions of the E-girl. I've seen E-girls wearing black wigs, E-girls wearing pink wigs, like green wigs. So I was trying to decide between a black bob and this little pink one. And I tried on the black one. It just didn't look good. Thank you to the manager at the Halloween store for helping me because he did know exactly what an E-girl was. The second I put on this pink one, we both knew it was the right choice. But now I have to go get some clothes because E-girls dress a very specific way. So I'm going to pick up some of those things. I'm also going to grab a little bit of makeup because I don't have all of the makeup that they tend to use. So we're going to do that and then we'll go back home. Do the transformation. This video is really so fun. I cannot wait to see how I look. Actually I'm kind of scared to see how I look. So... Okay, so I'm now in my apartment. I just finished picking up all of the E-girl essentials. Now I'm officially ready to transform myself into an E-girl. I think the first thing I want to start out with is makeup. They have a very distinct way of doing their makeup. For my personal E-girl research, I found that they typically wear pretty bright pink blush. Since I already have like a base of foundation on, I'm just going to start with that. I need a reference photo. E-girl makeup. Gosh, I feel like I'm going to mess this up. I don't know what I'm doing. I'm just being honest. This feels like so wrong. I'm just following the photo guidelines. There's no guideline. I just googled E-girl. I don't know why I said that. Okay, honestly, if they look like it is random marathon, E-girls also seem to like their highlight. I also like my highlight. Oh, I should also feel my eyebrows. I'm kind of doing this whole thing out of order. I'm going to do it. My eyebrow pencil is like depleted. I just feel really intense with this blush. Like, I really want to take it off, but this is the E-girl way. I've noticed from pictures that E-girls tend to wear pink eye shadow. Honestly, I really don't know what I'm doing. I think I'm just going to use the blush as my eyeshadow, because I don't really have pink eye shadow. Is that a thing to use blushers eye shadow? Or is that like illegal? Okay, I know the eyeshadow is like so intense, but... I guess I don't really know what I'm going to say. The picture is shown very intense pink eye shadow, so... I'm just trying to follow the rules. A huge staple for E-girls is wearing winged eyeliner. I rarely do winged eyeliner, usually because I just can't do it. Honestly, I'm proud of myself. The winged eyeliner is like actually kind of good. I mean, don't look too close. It's not like... not good. I'm going to quickly do some mascara. Alright, so wrapping up the makeup, one of the last steps, which I think is like the cutest part, is drawing little hearts right underneath your eyes. I think it's like actually kind of cool. It looks good on other people. They draw them super small. They almost look like tear drops. I better do this in my nearer. We don't want things to go downhill now. Okay, you know what? It's not terrible. And they're kind of cute. I kind of like them. The last step for the makeup, I'm not quite sure if this is the correct E-girl way. Some E-girls I've noticed were just like pink lipstick, but I've also noticed a lot wearing the lack lipstick. So, I figured go big or go home. Oh my gosh. Okay, okay, I just need a second to focus. One second. Okay, I have the lipstick done. I don't know why I'm covering my mouth. I want to make this dramatic. Ta-da! Some people can honestly pull off this look. I don't know if that applies to me. It definitely doesn't. Kind of like, I just don't belong in this makeup. This doesn't really suit me, but it's kind of fun. I kind of like it. I don't know. The next step that I'm going to do is change into my visco girl outfit. Did I seriously just say visco girl? E-girls are very known for wearing long sleeve black and white striped shirts. And then over top of it, they'll wear like a band T or something. Or just some sort of like vintage retro T. So, I went to Forever 21 and I picked up this long sleeve black and white striped shirt. And then from Brandy, I got this little black t-shirt. It's super cute. It says I'll meet you in New York. Okay guys, I'm done changing. I have my outfit on. I'm gonna come out now. Hi. It's kind of fun. I just don't really feel like myself. I feel like I'm not cool enough to dress like this and kind of just like too awkward. I did throw on a couple chokers that I felt like added to this aesthetic. It's so edgy. I am like the most opposite of edgy ever. I kind of feel like I'm rebel for some reason. The last step is very important. Why did I just do that? I don't know. It is to put on my wig. Oh my gosh. Who am I? I don't even like recognize myself. Let me reintroduce myself. I'm Sydney and I'm an e-girl. I did also notice that some e-girls wear like the little clips in their hair. So I got some of my brand new Melville. Okay. Well, there is my e-girl transformation. I hope you guys enjoyed watching the whole transformation process. I do feel like I accomplished my goal of becoming an e-girl. I really just feel like I'm channeling my inner e-girl right now. Even though my wig is kind of falling off, but it's fine. I'm proud of myself. You know, I didn't know if it was possible. I think I proved that it is. As you guys know, I dressed the total opposite of this. And this is so out of my cover zone. I feel as myself in my like oversized t-shirts, my scrunchies. Which I guess is why a lot of people consider me to be a visco girl. I don't consider myself anything. I don't think anyone should be confined to like a label like that. I just think it's fun to do things like this. And if one day you want to be dressing like an e-girl, dress like an e-girl. Obviously, please don't take this video seriously. This whole thing is just supposed to be super lighthearted. I should probably go make a TikTok now. I mean, I am an e-girl. I'm gonna go. I love you guys. And I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys.