 Hey guys, it's Sid and welcome back. Have you ever thought about quitting? Especially when I'm young, I don't know that I'm not. Guys, I'm in Minnesota right now. Isn't the snow so pretty? We need to talk. Sorry, I just wanted to be dramatic. You guys already see the title. I'm going to be doing a Q&A today. Is I feel like I haven't really actually done some things. I feel like we haven't really gotten gotten hard to heart. You know, it's time. It's overdue. I went on my Instagram and asked you guys for asking some questions, of course. I'll put my Instagram right here. Wow, starting out strong. Can we get married tomorrow? Well, no. Did you go through a breakup like friendships break up and how did you face it? Yes, if it's someone that you're really, really close with, I think having some sort of discussion or closure, if you think the friendship isn't working, is really helpful and just fair to both sides. I have definitely had to have a conversation before with someone who used to be a close friend and it wasn't even a hateful thing. It was just, hey, we're on varied from pages in life and I don't feel like I can give you my all in this friendship. I don't feel like a healthy friendship for myself. Not all friendships are meant to last forever and I think that's okay. There's nothing wrong with that. People are sometimes meant to come in your life for a season. You can appreciate the memories that you had with them. After you finish college, will you move to another state? It's probably something that I've been thinking about a lot recently because I am graduating in a few months and kind of just figuring out what the next step is for myself. I moved to LA when I was 18. That was four years ago. I've lived in California ever since. I love to try new things, especially while I'm young and I know that I'm not tied down or I'm not married. I don't have children. I just think it would be really fun to try somewhere new. I'm considering New York. Why not? You know, why not try? That's my philosophy. If it doesn't work out, at least I tried. Will you show us your new boyfriend? I guess. So this is my boyfriend. You actually thought I had a boyfriend? I do not have a boyfriend. I'm single, you guys. Let's just get that. Let's just get that straight. How are you really doing? PS, love you. I love you too. And thank you. This question was really sweet to me. I've become really accustomed and happy with my life and my routine. I love college so much and I've enjoyed it. But I know that change is coming. I'm about to graduate and about to enter a whole new chapter, which is just kind of scary to think about. But I'm also just trying to enjoy my last few months at college and be excited like for the change because sometimes I think we just automatically think change is going to suck and be horrible. And I'm just trying to embrace it and be excited for myself. Maybe that's just gaslighting myself. I don't know. One of the five main things you look for in a boy, there's a few things that I think really up someone's attractive to me. And none of these are related to physical parents. Number one, I love someone who's funny. It doesn't work if they don't make me laugh. I've learned that the hard way. Number two, I love someone who's really intelligent and is also really like passionate and driven with whatever they're doing. Someone who's mature, I've definitely dealt with my share of immature men. Lastly, I really like someone who is going to treat like my friends and my family really, really well. If the guy I'm talking to doesn't really get along with my friends that well or doesn't try to become like friendly with them in any way, that's really unattractive to me because I like when they try to care for the people in my life. Any update on your eating disorder since the last video you made. After treatment, I really didn't realize how much work still had to be done. I think it's constantly a challenge for me, but I've really benefited from seeing a dietician every week. That's helped me so much with my relationship with food. So long story short, it got dark outside. I'm in my room now and we're going to continue. Childhood crush, Troy Bolton, without a doubt, is the love of my life. He's the framework for my future husband. So no pressure. How old are you? I am 22. Do you believe in God? Yes, I do. I am a Christian. I was raised to Christian. What's something we might be shocked or might not know about you? I'm really interested in investing. I feel like I don't talk about it because it's not like a huge topic of interest for a lot of my audience, but I'm trying to invest in real estate, commercial real estate, or residential real estate. Why the boys are so stupid? I don't know. Honestly, you told me I've been wondering that. What happened to the guy you're dating? People are asking me about the date that I went on that I've logged. I'm not seeing him. No. No bad blood. Thoughts on grad school. At the moment, I don't have any plans to go to grad school. I actually more heavily considered law school at one point. And it's definitely something that I'm still considering. The only thing that's kind of holding me back is that, well, there's actually a few things. It's expensive. But it's a lot of time. See, I don't really know if I'm passionate and enough about it to go to school for that long. So there's just kind of question marks for me and I definitely don't want to just jump into it just to do it. How do you deal with hate comments or posts? The thing that's helped me so much because it's definitely used to get to my head a lot more is that the people commenting those things genuinely do not know me. So I can't really take it personally because they don't know me personally. What's one thing you like and hate about yourself? Something I hate that I do, I will say, is overthink. I overthink a lot. And I overthink especially things that I cannot control. What's something that I love about myself? I would say how passionate I am. I find myself to be a pretty passionate person about the things that I love, my goals, and the people that I love in my life. Have you ever thought about quitting YouTube? I did. I definitely have. Not now. I think there were times when I felt super burnt out and I even like made videos on in the past when I needed a break. And it was definitely had those low moments for me that I just felt super overstressed and overworked because of myself. Like no one else was even putting it on me. That was just my own wrongdoing. And I think I've just learned to regulate it. And I feel like I have a really good work life balance now. How do you get over getting ghosted? You don't want someone who doesn't want to be with you at the end of the day. So you should always be grateful that you know now that they aren't that interested if they go to do you. So you can move on and find someone who actually is down for you. What were your grades? How'd you get into Chapman and what's the requirements? When I was in high school, I think my ACT was a 28. My GPA was pretty good. I think it was like a 3.9. And I was in like honors classes in high school. So how do you know if he is interested in you? You will just know. He'll make it pretty obvious. I want to hang out with you. Lasting to do things. I think if you're asking that question, he might not be. What's your toxic trait? Ooh, that's a good one. I think my friends should answer this one. My friends are honest and that's what I love about them. They're blunt with me. I'm gonna call them. What's one of my toxic traits? Going for younger boys. You don't know how to cook. I don't think people are trying to trick you in a minute. It's the long list. Maybe constantly saying you're in your villain era but then you like low key start to step first. I'm like, why is this so hard? It's because I'm perfect. Sometimes ignoring what is bad for you. Wow, I will say I do agree with them. You know, were those a little harsh? Yes, but it was necessary. How are you so confident? I will say I'm not always confident. So if you like something that really helps is just setting goals and working towards them. Then you kind of just proved yourself that you are capable of doing whatever you set your mind to. Doing inner self work, recognizing the things that I love about myself and also recognizing the things that I don't like about myself and I want to work on to change. I think those are really important ways to kind of help identify who you are and to know yourself better. I also think just like faking it so you make it really works. If I just pretend that I'm confident one day, my mood just is better. How to get over a situation. Situation trips are difficult because I feel like there's just always this thought or question of what you could have been with that person. But I think it's important to remember that there's a reason that your situation trip didn't work out and there's a reason that you both let your stuff your ways and didn't actually turn into a relationship. Looking at the reasons why didn't work out usually poses some issues. That's going to wrap up my questions for today's video. I am uploading every Sunday now. So make sure to check in for next Sunday's video. But I love you guys. Thanks for watching. I'll see you in my next vlog. Bye guys.