 tobacco so say hey guys its Said and welcome back to my to my channel. We all know why you're here. As you guys could probably read by the title, I'm going to be doing a what I got for Christmas video. I have already seen so many YouTubers post their what I got for Christmas videos and Christmas isn't even over yet. It's 10.30 pm. So I kind of feel like I dropped the ball a little bit, you know, like I wasn't as on top of it. You know what, I tried. It's fine. We're going to do it anyways. I know it's really cliche but for me, Christmas is truly not about the gifts. For me, it's just truly about being with the people I love and I'm so thankful I was able to do that this year. But with that being said, I did receive some gifts and it's had been kind of fun to just show you guys what I did get. Grab a cup of coffee, grab hot chocolate or in my case, actually water and it's kind of sad and let's get started. Where do I start? Oh, also do you guys own my pants? The first thing I got are some much needed slippers. These are actually from the brand UG. There's actually a strap in the back and they're also platforms. I am short if you didn't know. Actually I did grow an inch. I don't know how that happened. I actually grew like an inch and a half over the past six months, which is weird because I'm 20. But it's fine. The next thing I got is a smoothie recipe book. I really was into making smoothies for a while and recently I've been hitting up Chick Flight a bit too much. I think my family is trying to help me out a little bit and I appreciate it. This obviously, I feel like will just inspire me and motivate me to try different smoothies. These are all vegan, which is super cool. So I'm really excited to try these out. Oh, am I stocking? I also got this. This is a magazine with Selena Gomez on the cover. If you didn't know, Selena Gomez is my favorite celebrity ever. She's perfect. I also got these claw clips. These are from Anthropology and I really like the design on them. I work claw clips all the time. So these are really, really nice. I did get a few jewelry pieces. The first one is this set of earrings from Piervita. These are really cool because they're a star moon set. My mom also got me this gold necklace with an S on it. And then to go with it, she got me this necklace that says Sydney on it. I've been super into layering necklaces. So I think these two will actually go really, really well together. Moving on to some clothes I got. I actually got this workout set and this is from Alo Yoga. So these are just some high-waisted gray leggings. And then to go with it, I got this sports bra. And then you can see it as a racer back. Maybe it will motivate me to work out because it's been, it's been almost a year. So my mom also got me these hair ties from Alo Yoga. I love the neon colors in these. Next up, my brother Ashton got me the sweater. If you didn't know, I really love off the shoulder pieces. So this is a v-neck and it does go off the shoulders. I have gotten really into skincare the past couple of years. So my aunt actually got me this really cool mini fridge. And this is not what you think it is. It's not for food. Because I kind of thought that's what it was for at first. You can actually use it for skincare and beauty products. Basically I can put like face masks in here. Face rollers, basically anything that I want to provide a cooling effect on my skin. And then to go with it, she got me some skincare products. So I got this origins clay face mask. And then I also got some undripe patches. So I'm gonna put these things in my fridge. I feel like I'm going in like the weirdest order. Like there's like no, there's no order to this. In my stocking, I also got these socks. These are not just any socks. These are compression socks. I feel like I haven't talked about this before. I have circulation problems. So these are supposed to help. I think increased blood flow. I don't know. Hopefully they help because my feet are usually ice cubes. So that would be nice. Oh, I also got these dots. I love dots. They're actually so bad for your teeth, but it's okay. The next thing I got is this little decoration for my car. It's essentially this fake succulent that's inside this little van thing. I think it's so cute. And I really love decorating my car. I also got this hoodie. This is from Calvin Klein. And I really love how the text on this is rose gold, like metallically almost. And it is also cropped. Most of my hoodies aren't cropped. So I think it's really cool and different. I also got this little candle from the company called Nest. I had never heard of Nest before, but this is like the best smelling candle. I think I've ever smelled. I also got a couple lip glosses from Bath & Body Works. This is their twisted peppermint one. And then this is my favorite scent from them. They're winter candy apple scent. I also got a hand sanitizer. Tis the season. Wait, why isn't it coming out? So the last thing I got to preface this, I never thought I would own this. And I always wanted it. I just never thought I'd actually have one. So when I unwrapped this, I was so surprised because I haven't talked about this with my mom. I don't think like ever. So I don't even know how she knew. Or actually did I put this on a video? But I got this record player and it's pink. I love listening to music and I've never heard actual music. I don't think on a record player being played. To go with it, I got three records. So this is a Selena Gomez rare album. Love this album, love Selena. And then I also got the Travis Scott album. And then the last one is this black bear album. Half Robummer, you already know on repeat. I also for some reason forgot to tell you guys that I got a bike for Christmas. I wasn't expecting this at all. So I was very surprised. Thank you mom, dad, for the bike. So yeah, that is everything that I got for Christmas this year. Thank you to everyone who did get me a gift this year. And I hope that if you do celebrate Christmas, you've had a really good day and that you spent it with your loved ones. But I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in my next video. Bye guys. Hot in here. I call them sour nuts. What do you think about that Rosie? It's always hot when I film for some reason. Oh, probably because there's like a light on me. No comment? Okay. Shorty my little Betty. I'm so sleepy. I'm so sleepy. I'm so sleepy. I'm so sleepy. I'm so sleepy. I'm so sleepy. I'm so sleepy. I'm so sleepy. I'm so sleepy. I'm so sleepy. I'm so sleepy.