 Hey guys, it's Sid and Mary Christmas. And I said in my video last week that I was posting every Sunday, I meant it. Today is actually Christmas Eve. We celebrate our Christmas a little bit earlier this year, so I actually have all my gifts already to show you guys. What I got for Christmas is I want to say it's like one of the longest long time series I've had on my channel. I feel like I've done them since I was 15. Christmas Day, I always watch people's what I got for Christmas is because I think they're so fun and I love just to see everything that people got. I'm with my cute puppy Rosie, back in Minnesota with my family. Starting out, my younger brother, Ashton, got me. Just a Starbucks gift card. Thank you. He knows me very well. We actually are just starbugs this morning. And every day we've been here. And Minnesota is not much to do, especially when it's literally negative five degrees outside. So every day we drive to Starbucks every morning. Sometimes even twice a day. Okay, well you didn't eat? You're walking in three. Moving on, my cute mom got me this adorable little bag filled with different skin care goodies. This was so much fun to open. Since she's my mom, she knows like a lot of my favorite brands. The first thing is this road peptide lip treatment. Obviously this is from Haley Bieber if you haven't heard. And I had been wanting to try it for so long. So I was super excited to get this. I really like it. It's just super glossy. Wow, that actually works, doesn't it? I would say like this is one of the glossiest glosses that I've ever owned. I also got this Charlotte Tilbury setting spray. I haven't been using a setting spray for some reason recently at all. So I do feel like this is needed. Anything that I've tried that Charlotte Tilbury never fails me. Also love my girl, Selena. Of course I saw her documentary, but that's what's life at point. I got one of her highlighters. So this is the Rare Beauty and Light and Highlighter. You can see that's the swatch. I also got the Kylie Cosmetics High Gloss. This is just her clear gloss, which is a really nice staple to have. One of my staples that I wear basically every day is the Super Loop Glow Screen. I like it because the SPF is pretty high. It's an SPF 40. Wow, I am obsessed with lip products. Yeah, I also got this Lennage Lip Mask. You guys have heard me talk about the Lip Mask by Lennage. That's in the little tin. But this is nice because this is more of like a travel version. So I can take this in my purse wherever. I would say this is actually pretty similar to the Haley Beaver lip treatment, except for this one, does have a little bit of color to it, which is fun. Lastly, a four-skin care makeup-related things. I was gifted another Lennage item. This is the Lennage Water Sleeping Mask. I haven't tried this before, but I guess it's an overnight deep hydration mask. As you guys know, you can probably just tell I love jewelry. So I got this really pretty necklace. This is an S-neckless. I used to have a Sydney necklace that I actually think I got for Christmas last year or two years ago. I think I showed it in a video too. I lost it. Sorry. Also got this necklace, but this one is a little bit different because it's layered with necklaces and you can wear them together or separately, which is really fun. I got this collagen peptides supplement from Vital Proteins. It's supposed to be good for your skin, hair, and nails. And I've heard really good things about taking collagen, so I felt like it was something I should probably be having. You can add this to smoothies and coffee and stuff. So also got this little workout set. It's just this pink one and- But you don't even work out. I don't work out. But we knew that already. But I do like wearing workout clothes because they're just comfortable. I do walk sometimes in my neighborhood, okay? So the set is this pink bra and then it comes with these high-waisted yoga pants. And they travel a lot. My mom actually got me a little storage bag thing for my jewelry. This is essentially just a leather pouch where I can store all of my necklaces, bracelets and rings, and it's really nice because it has all these different compartments designated for each jewelry piece. My mom got me this book and I don't know if I should be like- When I opened it, I was low-key offended. It's called Find Your People Building Debt Community in a Lonely World. So I don't know if she's saying that I'm lonely. Are you saying that I bought social skills and I need to read this? I know it's about finding the right people. The right people? I feel like every year I would get socks, which are some of my favorite things to get. So my mom got me these this year, which I feel like are my favorite ever. They are these little bear socks and they have pom-poms on the edges. Next up, I got this. This is more of like a crop tank style. I saw this on Urban Outfitters actually the other day and I really liked it. I almost bought it for myself. So I'm definitely glad I didn't. Speaking of basics, Skims is one of my favorite brands that has kind of like that basic staple comfy clothing. And my mom knows that. So she got me this gift card. Wow. If I show the code, then everyone's going to be using my Skims gift card online. Some troll that would take that card, screenshot that, type it in. And my gift card would be gone. I got a few shower bath-related items, which are always fun. Firstly, I got this chill pill bath fizz. I love taking baths here because we actually have bath tub that I can use. I don't have one back in orange, so I'll definitely have to use this soon. I also got these shower seamers. I showed this last year when I got some. But basically you throw them in the shower and it just smells super nice. So these are mint scented. Also I've got an exfoliator. This is the Tropic Glow Sugar Scrub. This one smells really, really good. I use this all the time, especially for my fake tan. That really helps me to remove it. This one is very out of pocket. I thought this one's very different and random. I got this giant jenga game. It's actually really cute and aesthetically pleasing. I feel like me and my roommates are going to be obsessed with playing this. I'm just going to set it on my coffee table. Anything giant is honestly fun. If it's normal size, it's not. But giant, there's something about it. My sense of humor is kind of broken and my mom knows that. So she got me these Miss Fortune cookies. It's basically just Fortune cookies that say messed up things on the inside. This was like my favorite gift that I received. Let me open it. Happy question mark. It won't last. Wow. Also got some hot chocolate, which I have been living off of recently. Next up, I got this thing called a birdie, which I'd never heard of before. It's essentially a woman's safety device that you can attach to your keychain. So if you need to sound it for any reason, it will sound super, super loud alarm. Two years ago, my mom got me a tazer. So let's just put that into perspective. I also got a tumbler. This one gives me sharp hay vibes. You guys know I struggle with cooking. Well, actually, you might not know that, but if you don't, now you do. So I received this as a call for help. This is a mini rice cooker. I love rice so much. But this is really nice because it's small. And since I really only cook for myself, it's perfect like a single serving. I can just throw water, rice in there. And it's super easy. You really can't mess it up. Lastly, I think it's fun to show you guys what I got in my stocking. Stockings are so much fun. This is my stocking. I've had this stocking since I was a baby. Nerd ropes are my favorite candy. So I got a ton. I've already eaten a lot of them. Just like everyone else, I am obsessed with disposable. So I got this Fuji film disposable camera, which will come in handy next time I go out. I also got these pens. My pens are all really boring, but these ones are actually aesthetically pleasing. You know you're getting old when you get excited about things like this. Like stationary socks. If you get excited about either of those two things, you're getting old. Me and my friends have this joke about chocolate coins. It's a long story. But my mom got me Santa, got me this giant, giant chocolate coin. Like this was really everything to me when I actually opened it at the time. I was like wow. It truly doesn't get better than this. I also have more chocolates because I love chocolate. This is like a dark chocolate. I also got mini-emones because mini-emones are better than regular-emones. That's basically everything that I got this year. I love these videos. After I post mine, I'm just going to be watching everyone else's. Most importantly, I hope you guys had a great Christmas or holiday with your family and the people you love. And thank you guys for just supporting me the past year. Watching my content, if you do, I really appreciate it in none of your comments and nice words or messages ever, ever go unnoticed. So I really appreciate you guys and I'm super, super excited for this next year. But I love you guys and I'll see you next Sunday. Bye guys.