 Good morning guys, welcome back. So today I'm just going to cut to the chase. I'm doing a what I eat in a day. I kind of hate long intros, so if you guys watch me, you know that I've been kind of starting to cook a little bit more. I think a lot of it had to do with me graduating college and just realizing that I can't be having microwave meals forever. Something has to change. So I don't know, I've just been kind of exploring different recipes and things and I thought to be like the perfect time to do a what I ate in a day. I was supposed to on my Instagram story asking for video ideas a while back and a lot of you guys requested this. I will say this video is very geared towards my lazy girls in terms of cooking. If you're like me and you just don't love cooking but you want a silly kind of healthy and good food, maybe you'll like this video. I feel like it's what I eat in a day videos can be very controversial. Like I feel like people make a part, everything that you eat. I was thinking when I was editing this, why I thought they're so controversial. And then I remembered that like three years ago, this one dietician made a whole YouTube video about my what I eat in a day, just dissecting it. I've definitely had my struggles with food and eating, so just because I'm eating this way doesn't mean it works for everyone. And the best thing you can do is really just listen to your body and not compare to anyone else. It looks like me and you just want some simple good, healthy,ish meals. Then we're the same person and this is for you. I call my mom when I woke up this morning and I was like, mom, is this weird that I eat this for breakfast because if it is, I'm going to be way too embarrassed to show this to you guys. She thought it was a little weird because it is, but it's so good and I hope someone likes it. I don't know why I'm scared of getting judged, whatever. I can't reach. When I was still in LA, I would always go to this place called Backyard Bulls and one of the things on their menu that I would always get were these peanut butter and jelly, quinoa oats. Actually, it just quinoa, no oats. It's like having oatmeal for breakfast except quinoa is the substitute. It's honestly just like, it's been on my mind a lot recently that breakfast, at least once a week, I would think about it in my set. So I was like, why don't I just try to make it myself? I really didn't think it would work. I thought it would just be disgusting, but it's actually so easy and so similar to the one that they had. I just have this white quinoa and I boil it with some water. I'm going to go in and out a little bit of oatmeal. I just think it makes it a bit creamier. I just had a little bit, a tablespoon probably. Then I go in with my peanut butter. Since it's still hot and on low heat, it just melts right in. Sometimes I'll add in a little bit of honey too, just so it's a bit sweet. It's just scrolls. I'm like so worried that you guys are going to think this is like disgusting. It's good. I promise. Now for the toppings. I'm going to add some cut up strawberries, some jelly, since this is PB&J quinoa. And then I'm also going to add in these peanuts. I like to crush them up though and zip lock baggy, just so they're a little bit easier to eat. And it adds a little bit of crunch because obviously the quinoa is very soft, so it helps to balance it out a little bit. It's so good. And it's like just like the one that I would get in LA. And it's very filling with the oats and the peanut butter. And it's so easy and fast. Sometimes I'll just like make the quinoa ahead of time and just store it my fridge. So that way in the morning, I can just put everything on top and it's done. This will keep me full all morning, which is important. I know some people like are in breakfast people, but for me, the first moment I open my eyes, the first thing I think about is food. It's 11.30 now. I really want to go get a coffee, so that's what I'm going to do. I feel like I'm at the point where I'm kind of dependent on it. Like I feel like I need it almost in the morning at this point. I used to just enjoy it, but now if I don't have it, I'm exhausted. So that's not good. But I'm still going to go, so... I'm still feeling a lot better. I'm still feeling a lot better. I'm still feeling a lot better. I'm still feeling a lot better. I get an ice vanilla latte with oatmeal. Sometimes I'll do it hot, sometimes I'll do it cold. Since it's cold out today, I just had to have the hot. I forgot to drink water this morning and that coffee, like just drinking that alone, made me really shaky. So I'm going to drink more water. The hardest meal of the day for me is usually lunch. Like I don't want to put an effort for lunch at all. I don't want to put an effort for any meal. So I've been really loving Trader Joe's. I love their salad kits. You guys probably know that I've talked about them before. So I'm just going to throw the salad kit together. And then I'm going to cook some chicken. Maybe some rice too. This is their Grazum Rice, from Trader Joe's. And it's microwave bowl. It tastes so good though. Sometimes microwave rice is questionable. So this is actually quite good. It tastes almost like I actually made it. Finally, half of it. And more. Gonna have a little more kid. Bye, buddy. Okay, so this is the salad. Alright? And then, A present at the dinner stall. Okay, so this is the salad. I'm kind of bummed because I usually like to add in avocado, but I just don't have any ripe ones, so this is the rice. I just added a little bit of butter to it in the salt. Oh my god. That is hot. I guess I could just like make it a rice bowl. Okay, so I ended up transferring the rice into the bottom of this bowl. Taste test. I think I'm getting better at seasoning my chicken, guys. Remember how many people roasted me in one of my videos for not seasoning my chicken? I think we're getting better. This meal takes like 15-20 minutes tops to make. Here we are again. I will say, you know what I didn't say actually, that I don't have an oven, and that does really limit what I can cook for dinner. My friend Liz is coming over because we're going to go get drinks, but I told her I would make dinner for her because sometimes we like to switch off and then I'll go to her apartment and she'll make me dinner. The problem is Liz is actually a good cook, so I do feel like I can't be messing around. On TikTok, I follow this one girl and she does a ton of easy recipes, and one of them was this pasta with barada on it, and it's only four ingredients, and everything is from Peter Jo's, so I was like, I have to make that. It looks so good. So I went in actually earlier today. I didn't vlog it, and I got the four ingredients, which are this pasta sauce. This is a tomato basil sauce, some barada cheese, of course, some pepper deli pasta, pepper deli, I don't know, and then basil. I'm heating up my water right now for the pasta. I kind of feel like I'm on food networks right now. I just put the pasta back in the pot, and then I'm going to add the sauce now on low heat. It is hard sometimes though to cook for one person, like living alone, and it's just like to make quantity and like buy stuff for only one person. It's so difficult. It's nice when me and my friends like to kind of cook for each other and switch off. She's here! Oh my god, she's going to try my dish. I'm scared. I'm scared. Oh my god, she's so cute. Oh, pasta. That's so good. Oh. Let me, yeah. Oh, you smell really good. Do you want it for a few months? So I put on, why so? See, you drain it. You drain it? The water, yeah. And then you put one bowl. Look how good. It looks. Wow. Okay. So let's do a taste test. Oh my god, I'm like nervous. It's bad. Cheers. Cheers. Wait, this is a good noodle. Right? Yeah, what is this? Upper deli or something? Papa deli. I'm like Italian, I should know that. I'd rate this like an 8 out of 10. Same. I've had better, but I've had worse. I think you do better than me. I'm at drinks with Liz now. We're at this place called Sognah to Sognah to Skona. She was going to get a Shirley Temple. And then I changed my mind. But this restaurant is so cute. We're sitting on this little bench. Okay, what page should we get guys? We can get Tiramisu. We can get a stashio croissant. We got Tiramisu. The waiter recommended this to us. So what do you want to say? Cheers. Here we go. The time. The best Tiramisu I've had in the morning. Too. Okay guys. I'm going to get a little bit of a drink. The best Tiramisu I've had in the morning. Too. Okay guys, I got home from dinner. I guess wasn't really dinner. It was like drinks and a little Tiramisu, which was so good. It was so fun. I always looked like something sweet before bed. But I'm going to go to bed now. I'm all tucked in and ready to sleep. I was going to be going to sleep here on my octail, but I'm actually so tired that I don't even need it. I'm just going to probably knock right out. Anyways, let me guys see you. Bye.