 Hey guys, it's Sid. Welcome back to my channel. Today I'm gonna be doing a what I eat in a day. And I'm also gonna work out today. I know, um, a rare occurrence. I really love watching what I eat in a day videos because I feel like I just get a lot of recipes and ideas. Honestly, I usually never even make them. We're changing that today. I do wanna say thank you to Swamp for sponsoring this video. I'm so excited to show you guys the new pink line that was actually inspired by Mean Girls. Woo! It's breakfast time! So the first thing I do every morning is drink a glass of water. I used to like to have big breakfasts, but now for some reason I get sick in the morning. Like I just, a big breakfast doesn't sound appetizing. So recently I've just been having a little thing of yogurt. And voila! There you have it. I also don't like having a heavy breakfast because if I work out afterwards, I just feel really sick. Now it's time to work out. I need to figure out what to wear. I feel like I should wear pink today because it's Wednesday and on Wednesdays we wear pink. Woohoo! Time to pump some iron. So here's the thing. This is so ratchet, but I don't have a workout mat. I'm gonna go for that. Do you have a yoga mat? Wait, yes. Thank you so much. Now on a pro. For my workout today, I'm just going to find a YouTube video for an ab workout, I think. Woo! I feel like I just got punched in the stomach. Part two of my workout, I'm really going all out today. Now it's time for butt. Walls that start the death of me, but Mandy's making me do that. Okay, so I just got out of the shower. I washed my hair, washed all of the sweat. Yeah, that's like disgusting. So I wanted to tell you guys about the Swavpake line that I did use on my hair when I was in the shower. This line is really amazing because it really allows for workable, ready for anything hair. And there's actually different collections depending on your hair goals. Something I really love about this collection is that it primes your hair from the inside out, which basically just makes my hair a lot easier to style. Each collection has its own Sulfae free shampoo conditioner and styling product or finishing spray. I decided to get the volume collection because my hair is pretty fine and I'm always just looking for ways to make my hair look more full. So I did use the shampoo and conditioner in the shower and then there's also the air dry cream and the dry shampoo. I feel like the best way to describe this is that these products just make my hair very workable and it just makes my hair a lot easier to style and gives it that extra boost of volume that I like. Since I've been trying to use less heat on my hair, I'm going to use the air dry cream. But I really do love this collection. And the Swavpake line is now available at Walmart, so I really recommend you guys check out their products. They also smell so good. It is actually Wednesday when I'm filming this video. On Wednesdays, we wash with pink. I'm hungry again. Oh, I'm just going to be honest. I saw some cake in my fridge and I was this close to eating it. But I'm trying to be healthy, so instead I'm going to make a smoothie. I'm really trying. Dude, is butter a calm? Yes. You might have been obsessed with making smoothies recently. I have my go to recipe that I thought I should share with you guys. So my smoothies are very specific. If I don't make it this correct way, it tastes like garbage. That was kind of mean, but like if it's not the right way, I don't like it. My go to smoothie is a banana chocolate protein powder peanut butter delight. I don't like ever call it that. I just said that to make it sound better. Oh. First step is banana. Next is frozen strawberries. Next up, I'm adding something that probably sounds disgusting. However, it tastes very... Actually, I don't want to make a thing. I've never done it before, so I'm just trying from the first time. I'm going to add spinach. Then I'm just adding in my favorite protein powder. I love peanut butter. It looks kind of gross pre-blended, but like you can't judge a book by its cover. Let's blend this. Time for a taste test. I'm kind of nervous because of the spinach, but... Oh! I literally can't taste this spinach. I can only taste the chocolate from the protein powder. Wait, I think I'm on to something. Time. It's lunch time. So today's lunch, I'm going to make pasta because... I'm lazy. That's literally it. So this is my lunch. I actually used this protein pasta that's made out of chipis. That's really good. And I don't eat a ton of meat, so it's a good supplement for that. And then as you guys saw, I just put some tomatoes in there, some pastasas, funnipotent. Surprise! I'm hungry again. I'm going to make dinner. Tonight's specialty is vegan tacos. Well, they're sort of vegan for the most part. I love tacos. I don't think I've ever made vegan tacos before. Don't mark my word on it. So when I was at Target, I saw these pre-sliced tofu cubes. Why did I get the spicy pack? That's awkward. Dude, why is this moldy? How am I going to make my tacos now? This is sad. I'm just going to make the tofu instead, which I don't really even know how to make. While the tofu is cooking, I decided to chop up some of those tomatoes that I used earlier, and then I'm also putting in some more spinach because I'm trying to be healthy. This is my second spinach of the day. Okay, I think this is the meal I've been most society today. I haven't had tacos in so freaking long. Should I put... Oh, that's what I forgot. I forgot the guac. This actually isn't bad. Honestly, I expected this to be kind of bad. This tofu, I feel like tastes like real chicken, which is kind of creeping me out a little bit. Like, presentation. Not the best, but taste wise, I'd say it's solid. Eight out of ten? Guys, you know what? No, I'm sitting back down. I really reconsidered this. And this is not an eight. I'm giving it a, like, six. I was too generous. That's pretty much what I eaten today. I hope you guys liked watching. I hope you guys got some new recipe ideas and inspiration. I think eating healthy just makes me feel so much better. Also, again, thank you to Swab for sponsoring this video. I love you guys. Thank you for watching. And I'll see you in my next video. Bye, guys.