 [♪ English translation by We've got 30 middle child of the forgotten one. I agree. You guys, you guys, but you're getting to forget Sydney. It should be pretty vocal. Does it pass the vibe check? Bonjour! Aloha, hola. Hello. So I'm in Minnesota right now. I've been with my family the past few days. I'm staying here for the holidays. It's actually Christmas night. So Mayor Christmas to all who celebrate. I wasn't planning on filming on Christmas day just because I really like to spend time with my family and just embrace all the moments with them. But my brother and dad decided to go to a movie. So yeah, they left. It's just me and my mom. She's actually in her room sleeping. So it's actually just me. I know a lot of people say this but Christmas truly is not about the gifts. At least for me, it totally has changed over the years. First things first. We're gonna start out with my stocking. Got some nerve ropes. You already know these are the best candy ever. I have five here. I actually got six but I won already. Also my stocking. I got the classic candy cane with Hershey kisses. Chocolate bar. It says middle child. The forgotten one. I just think it's funny because it's actually not true. My parents are very sweet. Oh, I also got this in my stocking. Toothbrush. Toothpaste. You know you're getting older when you like these things. Also got some chios. I know everyone is obsessed with hot chios but those are just too spicy for me. So I usually eat the number one. Also got some whitening strips in my stocking. Don't know what Santa was trying to send me a message that my dental hygiene is poor because I got all of these things. Also got a razor. Staple. Oh, I also got some Oreos. Mint Oreos are the best. I also got some socks in my stocking. These are the world's softest socks. I think that's everything that I got in my actual stocking. So moving on to the gifts I got. I actually got quite a few gift cards places and I wasn't really sure if I should like show it or if people even cared. But maybe it will be fun. I don't know. The first gift card I got was the Baton Body Works. For my grand herons. I love Baton Body Works. Also got a pair of gift cards from my own uncle. Except for I took it out already and put it in my wallet. So my parents got me a cheesecake factory gift card. I love cheesecake factory. The brown bread is the best. Comment if you agree. In LA there's actually this place called the dry bar. Basically it's a hair salon. They do like whatever hairstyle or hair you want. They do braids. They curl your hair. They straighten it. They style it really cute. Also got a Starbucks gift card. I'm addicted to Starbucks if you know. I also got an Uber gift card which I thought was such a fun gift. I didn't even know that Uber did gift cards. Now to the actual gifts that I got. So the first thing that I got is this little beanie. Actually it's not little. I don't know why I said that. I got this beanie from my brother and his wife. I just like saw it. As you guys know I am for mini show up. This is very fitting. If you haven't heard of a way, there are really good brand suitcases. And I was so confused because when I was opening this, I saw that it's had a way on here. I was like, how is it so small? Since it's a suitcase brand. So I opened it up and it's a mini suitcase. Is that not so cute? It opens up like normal suitcase. And on the inside it literally just looks like normal suitcase. I think it's the most adorable thing. I'm gonna start on the outside. It's smart. So you can really put whatever you want in here. I don't know if I'm gonna put makeup in here when I travel. Or honestly anything I can put in here. Next up my brother actually got me this really cool. If I can get it open. My brother got me this little nail kit. Basically there's just a ton of little tools in here. Honestly some of these I don't even know what they're for. So I'm gonna have to figure that out. There's nail clippers, there's scissors, more nail clippers. Basically I can give myself my own manicures with this. Which I think is cool. It's so small and compact too which I really like. My family knows that I don't usually eat spicy things. Honestly I don't even know what to say about this. I don't even think my family thought twice about these. They just kind of saw them and thought it was funny. I think my brother actually was the one who initiated this purchase. Um... Yeah. You guessed it. Hot sauce pants. Classic. Honestly I don't even know. They just got these as a joke. They're just funny. So I'm probably gonna wear these just because it's gonna make me laugh every time I put them on. The next thing I got is this shampoo and conditioner. These are from the brand Living Proof. When I actually went in to get my hair done and get extensions and stuff a little while back. My hairstylist Chrissy recommended for me to use this shampoo and conditioner. I also got these super cute peppermint spoons. Basically I can put these in my hot chocolate. The next thing I got I think this is my favorite thing. My parents got me this Echo Dot. I'm sure you guys have heard of Alexa. Everyone's like Alexa. Alexa. Now my friend Alexa. I mean like the Apple Alexa. If you don't know basically you can just talk to this little device and whatever you say controls it. I'm really excited because whenever I'm in the shower and I like want to change the song. I can't get out because I'm gonna like get my floor wet and like I just don't want to do that. Since I am experiencing that first world problem this will be nice. I can just shout it out and it will play whatever song I want. I also got this little mini self-tanner. I literally don't tan no matter what I do. Even if I go out in the sun I just burn. Anytime of year it's nice to do a little self-tanner. My mom also got me these super cute mittens. I love how these are cable knit. So these are nice to have. She probably disconnect this. I don't know how to do this. Hmm. These are actually so warm. So if you guys want to get these we can twin. Wow. My hands look huge right now. Sticking with a theme of being warm and staying warm. I for some reason am always so cold especially my feet and hands are like ice. My mom actually got me these super cool heated socks but basically these go in the microwave and you heat them up for only 30 seconds I guess. So no longer. Actually I did that once with my beanies and then it burned. It's really bad don't do that. So basically you heat these up and then after you heat them up in the microwave I guess you just put them in the socks. So you can walk around and you're all warm. My parents also got me these cute little bath bombs. I forgot to show this earlier but I also got this champagne toast perfume. And then I also got this hand cream. My hands are so chopped right now. So. I know everyone says it's weird that I put lotion on like this. But it's the best way to do it because then you don't get like your hands. Sticky. If you know me you would know that I don't drink coffee. I really actually don't enjoy coffee all that much. But what's actually interesting is that I like the smell of coffee. Like I really enjoy the smell of it. So my mom got me this super cute candle. Basically in it there is little coffee beans. Why does coffee smell so good? I also think it's cute because there's like little Starbucks logo on the candle. My mom told us she got this on Etsy. The last thing I got. These are so cool. I remember seeing these a while back. I think I'm like an Instagram ad. But she got me these packing cubes. I got two sets of them. It helps to kind of categorize all of your stuff that you pack. So in your suitcase, you can text you off. Your shirts, your pants, other items that you travel with. I travel all the time. So this is so nice. I actually have one more thing that I forgot to show you guys. Basically in my apartment I have really big windows. And I don't have room darkening shades. So as soon as the sun comes up I usually just wake up from the sun. Because it's so bright. My mom got me this super nice eye mask. I don't know how else to describe this. It kind of like bulges out of your eyes. That way your eyes aren't like sucked shut. So basically you just put it on your eyes. Like this. And you press it close. Yep. Pretty much it. Bro, it's actually so good. These work so well. I can't see like any light at all. These are so effective. No screenshots of wild for that part. So yeah, there's too much everything that I got. Actually not pretty much everything. That's everything. I hope you guys liked it. I hope it was fun. I feel like I got some pretty cool stuff. So thank you to everyone that purchased me things. I really appreciate it. A lot of this stuff was so thoughtful which is like the sweetest ever. Seriously though, thank you to all my family. I hope you had a great Christmas if you do celebrate. And hopefully you had a lot of fun with your family. Because that's like the most important thing. But I love you guys. Thank you so much for watching. See you next year. I'll see you guys later. Bye guys. Bye. Bye.