 Good morning everyone. Welcome back to my channel. So today I have School at 8am. Take my commute to the kitchen, grab my laptop, and then I just go back to my room, which is messy. And I kind of just do class in bed, put on a crown for some reason. I don't really remember why. And then I got hungry. So I went and got myself some breakfast while I was still on Zoom. And then I ate my breakfast sitting on my counter. It's a Friday. Zoom University is honestly kind of weird. It's just a weird time for everyone. And I thought it'd be kind of fun to film like a very realistic college day in my life. So if you want to watch me do college today and have some fun while we're doing it, then keep on watching. I thought I'd actually get ready today. I really like honestly never get ready. But it makes me feel better. Hello. Hey Sydney. Hey, don't say much. Just let me. Um, it's still messy. I'm so sorry. Alright guys, so I got ready. That's the first time I've done that in like a week. So, slow down. So yeah, I'm going to make for some forms. Oh my gosh, there's a really keep boy. Oh my God, he is so cute. What the heck? Should I ask him for his number? If you thought I was bold enough to like actually ask for his number, I'm sorry to say you're wrong. Oh my gosh, why didn't I ask him for his number? I'll try it harder next time. Wow, he was so fine. Shed a cut of it. Oh well. Alright, time to go to the bank. You know when you get a new shirt and you're just obsessed with it and you just feel more confident. Why is it so windy? Okay, so that was success. For actually two reasons. Reason A, it was successful because I did get what I came for the forms. I probably shouldn't show that on YouTube. I'm part B because she actually freaking loved my shirt. She complimented me on it and honestly, that was like all I needed today. Someone appreciates my sense of humor. So that was sweet. Why are my windshield livers going off? This again. I have some homework to do. Okay, I have a lot of homework to do. But before I go back, I want to stop at Duncan. Not Starbucks. We're switching it up. I think like the only thing appropriate for me for what? I think the only thing appropriate would be for me to get the Charlie. I've never tried it. So maybe I'll try it today. Can I have the Charlie? What's first? Medium. Can I get that with almond milk instead of normal milk? Thank you. I just want to try it. I should wait. I should wait. Thank you. The moment we've all been waiting for. Actually, it's more like the moment I've just been waiting for but it's good. No, it's not even that good. I think it would be better if I didn't ask for almond milk. Like honestly, that was my fault. It's not supposed to be like that, but I just like wanted to be like kind of healthy, you know? I would say solid seven could be a nine if I didn't switch up the order like that. I also got a house round for really no reason. This is a time. This is a time time. Broke the scale. I will say there are like a little burns, but like I guess that's what makes it unique. I am back home now. I have a lot of Sunday to do. Basically, I'm going to be working on calculus, Spanish, and more calculus. Without having the in-person instruction, it's just there's more room for error and confusion with things. So I've been using Cheg a lot, which if you guys don't know what Cheg is, it's an online study resource. And when they reach out to work with me, I was so excited. I've actually used Cheg for years. The most Cheg has helped me was definitely when I was studying for a calculus exam at like 2 a.m. I know it's a really hard time with online classes and it's definitely not ideal to be doing all online classes, but Cheg has been really helpful. They've definitely helped relieve a lot of my stress. You can actually get 30 minutes of free tutoring if you do sign up. They also have step-by-step guided solutions, which are really helpful to understanding how to solve problems. And it's definitely very interactive. There's a lot of different resources that you can use with Cheg. And I want to tell you guys about that in case you were struggling in a class. If you want to get $5 off your first month of the Cheg study pack, I'll put a link to my code that you can use down below. It's something I use all the time and I think it's a really good investment for your grades. But right now I'm going to study. Then I'm actually going to use Cheg because I need it. Thank you Cheg for coming through on this Friday night. Yeah, this is the reality of online school, honestly. I'm doing homework on a Friday night. Or maybe that's just me. Actually, it's probably just me, but... Okay, it's dinner time. All right, tonight's dinner is mac and cheese per usual. Bonza. Guys, I want to say hi. So this is a wild Friday night. It's lit. So... Ketchup on mac and cheese. Do you guys eat it? Never happened. Oh, so I'm the only one. Yeah, here's the thing. It tastes good. Why did I put so much ketchup on? Oh!