 Hey guys, what's up? Whoa, my voice is like weird. Guys, I cannot tell you the last time I did an actual workout. Um, yeah, I've been lazy. So this ends now, this ends right now. I thought it's time to turn things around and I feel like the only way for me to get motivated is to make a video out of it. So that's why I'm filming this. It's going to be me trying to eat healthy and workout every day for a week. What I mean by eating healthy is just me trying to cut out sugar as much as possible and also trying to cut out a lot of processed food. So yeah, it's definitely not a diet, but clean eating just makes me feel my best. I don't have a specific workout plan. I'm going to follow. I'm just going to workout every single day and do something different every single day and document it. Hopefully this will help motivate you if you're also in like a little fitness health rut. Oh my gosh, I already see frickin' puppy chow. Who bought that? I thought for the first day's workout today, I would just do workout moves that I remember when I used to workout. So I'm just going to do some of my favorite exercises and maybe this will like help you guys if you're looking for some different things to switch up your routine. We're all in this together. This is really awkward. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's hot out. Feels like it's frickin' 100 degrees. It eats a little bit like 60 though. It's also gonna be fun. After I worked out, I was hungry again. So I had a little snack. Basically, I had this little dairy free yogurt. I put some agave in it and some granola and then I went to look for strawberries and we didn't have any. I usually have fruit in this. And then I had a corn oil bar later. I really liked the kind bars because they don't have a ton of ingredients in them and they fill me up. And then we had dinner. So for tonight's dinner, my mom made pasta. So we had some whole wheat, regatoni, gosh, no penne. I suck, I don't know. And my mom put a little bit of ground chicken in the sauce, so it was really good. For breakfast today, I'm not super hungry. I'm going to have a little snack and then eat in a little bit. But I'm having this peanut butter protein bar. It's really good. I haven't had this one before. Bro, taste like cookie dough. It is lunch time. For lunch today, I'm going to make myself a ginger soy udon noodles. Is that how you say it? udon. This is one of my favorite go-to frozen meals. I love frozen meals just because they're so fast and easy. But yes, I definitely recommend that you guys check these out. They sell my target. There's snappy, red bell pepper, edamame, and carrot. I'm just going to pop this in the microwave. We're going to be doing a family game of tennis today. I feel like this is a fun way to work out. For me working out is just a hard to get myself to commit to boring workout. That sounds terrible. I'm trying to be motivating in this video. Forget I just said that. Honestly, my wheat tennis game has been pretty strong. So... I may be weak, but I have a strong... First round. I've been on my back, Scott. It's all in the microwave. It's time. Wow. I was thinking I was pretty good workout. I feel like I did it in run as much like auto with them. No, yeah, you did it. And it was fun. So that's what matters, right? Right. Cheers. Bye-bye. It is knocked in her time. We are actually having leftovers. This is a very realistic video. It is what it is. Right. This is the right thing. D-T-R-T do the right thing. That's what my band teacher is to Louise Middle School. Some is to Peterson. So we're heating up a little bit more because we don't have enough. I'm making some hoey pasta. And then we're having some plain marinara sauce with it. Whenever I have pasta, I try to do a hoey pasta versus white pasta because the fiber it helps to digest it better. So yeah. It makes sounds easy to say that better. Mom, it's the truth. It does make it digest better. The fiber... What did it also say? Mom, you don't know. Oh my god. The extra fiber helps it to digest better. All I'm trying to say is, fiber is good for you. Holy pasta has more fiber. That's it. It is fast. Mom, bring the bread. It's out. Just hold on. I always eat dessert like every single night without fail. I usually have cookies. I forgot to show this last night, but I did have one cookie. I... You have a mate. So that's tonight. I would make like a healthier dessert. I don't know if you're supposed to put all my milk in, but I'm just going to do a little bit to help it like melt. No, I just feel like... It's not nasty. It seems pretty easy. I don't think this is something I can like mess up. But I've felt that before. Ah, okay. We don't talk about it. Okay, hopefully these taste better than they look. All right, they're out of the freezer. They look... disgusting. I'm gonna try them anyways. Why? I like how did I... It's not even good. I feel like they're not frozen enough actually. Whatever. All right, well, see you all tomorrow. I'm going on my daily walk. I love to go on walks. It's my favorite thing. The walk I go on is about one and a half miles. It's some good cardio. I don't run though. I just walk. It's better than nothing. Hey guys, so it is now lunchtime. I was gonna make myself chicken salad, but we didn't have any chicken. I am... Whoa, my gosh, I'm just running out of time. So I'm at Panera now. My favorite place ever. Obviously not the drive-through because I can't go in, so I'm gonna order. I just discovered I might help you. Hi, um, how do you pick two? How do you pick two? What do you like? All to the strawberry, poppy seed, chicken salad. Oh, how do the French onion soup do? Oh my god, that's the first one I've sold today. Wow. I know, that's sad. That is, so French onion is the best. Just call my food. How do you say the Panera employee is so nice? He was speaking words of wisdom, and I appreciate it, so thank you. I love Panera. This is definitely my favorite place to go in my city. I like to get this strawberry poppy seed with chicken salad, and then I get French onion soup, which is so freaking good. Although I guess it's like not very popular, so that's sad. It's really good though. I also got this smoothie, which is their strawberry banana smoothie. Oh, and then of course, I always get a baguette. I love to just like come to this parking lot. I just sit here and eat and listen to music. It's like the highlight of my day. Okay, we're on a walk. It's my turn to the day for me. It's a family walk this time. So back to what I was saying. Ew, there's so much flies right there. Okay, I will be honest. I just had a little drumstick ice cream cone, but I'm still like hungry, and I'm trying to curb my sweet tooth. With watermelon. So this will be a nice second dessert. So breakfast today. I decided to make a omelette thing. I saw this on Pinterest a few days ago. I just have some spinach and mixed greens on here, and then under it you can also have avocado and tomato. And I also have some watermelon. Oh my gosh, so tired. So I'm currently in my driveway. I'm going to be doing my workout right now. I've been on Pinterest so much recently. And it's gonna be fun to do like a Pinterest workout that I haven't done before. I'm gonna focus on legs and arms today. I'll leave my Pinterest link down below. So if you guys want to check it out, you can look at my workout board on there. So I'm gonna go ahead and do my workout. I'm gonna go ahead and do my workout. I'm gonna go ahead and do my workout. I'm gonna go ahead and do my workout. I'm gonna go ahead and do my workout. I'm gonna go ahead and do my workout. I'm gonna go ahead and do my workout. I'm gonna go ahead and do my workout. I'm gonna go ahead and do my workout. I'm gonna go ahead and do my workout. I'm gonna go ahead and do my workout. I'm gonna go ahead and do my workout. I'm gonna go ahead and do my workout. I'm gonna go ahead and do my workout. I'm gonna go ahead and do my workout. I'm gonna go ahead and do my workout. I'm gonna go ahead and do my workout. I'm gonna go ahead and do my workout. I'm gonna go ahead and do my workout. It's dinner time. It's dinner time. Mommy is making a chicken grilled on the little skillet. I don't know what else she's making. That's a surprise. Oh, corn and french fries. Oh, corn and french fries. Oh, corn and french fries. So we are on the last day of the video. I decided to shoot. What was that? I decided I would do five days instead of seven. Because I have gotten so much video footage. I don't even know how I'm able to edit this all together. I'm in my basement right now. My dad has like a little workout area down here. And well, it sucks. I made it sound like way bigger than it was. There's not like equipment or anything, but I thought I'd try to follow Alexis Ren's ab workout. Also, I'm dressed pretty warm because my basement is a freezer. Oh my gosh, my stomach. I feel like I can't squeeze it anymore. That was a really good workout. I'm definitely gonna be going back to it. It'd be really fun to do like Chloe Tings Hourglass workout series and like document it from beginning to end. So if you guys want to see something like that, let me know. We decided to get Chick-fil-A for tonight's dinner. It was my idea. You might think Chick-fil-A like you cannot get anything healthy. But I begged to differ. You can get grilled nuggets. That's what I got. I like it with this messy buffalo sauce. Oh, I also got a salad. I think this is new. Let me try this first. I haven't had it before. Do you want to try it? Mmm, that's good. It is good. I think I just discovered something. Guys, get the kale salad Chick-fil-A. It's new. Try it. Let me know what you think. I think it's really good. Well, I think that's gonna be a wrap on today's video. I feel like I documented most of the food I ate. I did forget a few times. So sorry about that. It is definitely harder. I feel like to eat healthy during quarantine. Because you can't go out to the grocery store super easily and stuff. I did my best. I feel better. I feel like before I was just eating so bad. I feel better. You think you did a good job? Well, raise yourself on scale. I'm gonna attend. I'd say like at eight and a half. I just had to feel like cookies and stuff. But I was mostly good. Love you guys. Thanks for watching. See you in my next video. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.