 Hey guys, glad you're watching and thanks for pressing like if you enjoyed the video. What is up dudes welcome to pistol roulette or... Mmm, what do you want to call it? 1911 roulette, whatever. Anyway, we've all got pistols and most of us should have some throwing knives. No, we up to you whether one needs a throwing knife. Yeah, alright, you can put it that way. It's up to you whether one needs a throwing knife or... or your gun. Basically when it's your turn, you'll spend around a circle, fire a single shot. You theoretically should kill them. I think I set up the right mode. Guess we'll find out. I don't actually remember, I remember we said the lobby. I think I set up the right mode. If not, we'll just... Fix it up. Anyway, the first person to go is gonna be... You! Wait, yes. You, that's yeah, come on the middle man. There you go dude. Spin around. Who's the dude's got my turn of the background? Let's mute that buddy. Alright. Alright man, go for it dude. Spin around, fire a shot. Good luck. Alright, good try. We go counterclockwise. Let's come up here and take your turn when you're ready. Feel free to use knife or your gun. That's your classic. Step, do you buddy? Brutty. Go for it man. That was a melee. Wait, was that knife? That was a jump. That was a jump. That was a jump. That was a jump. That's what it looks like. Alright, no, no. Alright, go for it. Step right up. If you just get a hit marker, let me know. I'll love messed up the game. Start those red bars on my head. The bot's good. Well, that's not where you're standing man. Hellwar. There you go. Oh, dude. Throw a knife. Alright. Alright, it's good. There's only one life. Rules are okay. Alright, get throwing knife there. I'm definitely going to try throwing knife. Try to do it. I'm definitely going to try throwing knife. When you throw, when you aim your throwing knife, you'll be really careful though. Alright. Next. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Slow down, slow down. Let's have a chat, mount out chat. So, I'm going to sleep on Tommy's. Dows. Are you really not sleeping? Alright, so, gotta spin fast like this. Should we have fast, you can spin? No. No, no, no. Alright. Wrong setting, buddy. Go to settings and set your horizontal sensitivity to 14 and say, go for it. Don't worry, man. No rush or anything like that. Be a man. No, no, no, no, no, no. Okay. All right. Now is the end of that. Maybe, maybe, maybe you're, maybe you're, maybe you're, maybe you're, get something down while it's going. Press start, go to settings, horizontal sensitivity. 14. Amicis slow down, Amicis rotation, disabled. No, no, look. It's not going to magically happen when I say it. You actually have to go in and do it. So, try to start. Press start. Use your right bumper, go to settings. Go to controls. And then change, yeah, change horizontal sensitivity to 14. Then change. Amicis, both of them, to disabled. Got it. Want to spin for me? There's get it done. There you go, man. All right, spin around now, spin around. Put them down, put them down. Hang on, hang on. Awesome. Do you have a microphone? What is going on? Look, okay. All right. All right. Did you do it? Did you do it? Yeah, there you go. There you go. All right. All right, it did it. Good, good. All right, I'll spin around, fire shot. All right, good try. Good try. There you go. All right, now you're set for the rest of the... Yeah, there you go. You can do that on me one. You know what's good? I feel like the throwing up is way harder than the pistol. All right, here we go. The pistol isn't there. Anyone? Man, I'm even sure this can be a one hit kill. All right, go ahead. Ben? Ben? That was rapesizing me. Wait, what happened there? Oh, it was R2BJ's turn, my bad. I missed that tire. Their tire up to... Oh, hey, look, it is one hit kill. There we go. Good hit, Ben. All right, poor CC. All right. I got my key. Poor CC. He's tested on me for that. Oh. Oh, no, awesome pie. Oh, no. At least you got a one hit, man. No, I already did. You just cut down a clean of bulls to him. Yeah, that was about a good 10 minutes on that, didn't we? All right. We spent a while. I like to day that much. All right, hang on. We back to the beginning? Yeah, yeah, okay. All right, let's all move in. Let's make the circle a little smaller. We only got a few people dead with those. Let's get in. Get in. Get in a little closer. Move on in. Let's get cozy. Let's just look out. All right. All right. Looks good. Okay, that's a go ahead, man. You aiming at me? Nice try, man. Don't worry. I won't let face no. All right, go for a sub. What was that? I'm supposed to make it throwing in. Eltho and I feel like I can't even see those. You guys got salty in the left. I mean, he's dead. He's going to miss on the next one. All right. Wait on. Both full speed dude. There we go. If you're not confident, you can do it. Don't do it. No, it wasn't. I just didn't know which, uh, bumper was nice. Sure, man. Play it safe. All right. You try. Let me see. Let me see. Let me just forget this stuff. He was don't kill me. Here we go. And? Nope. All right, got two more knives to use. Next up. Future reference. What is the knife? Hold on to right bumper. I see just holding onto it while you're aiming at no one. Then spin. Then let go. Okay. I'm going to let you know. I'm going to hit the right one. You're good. So bad. You get to see the knife flying like that. Oh, car. I guess it'll do a chance. There we go. Man, don't even worry about that right bumper. Any more dude. All right. Oh, hang on guys. Oh. Oh, all right. Hang on. Okay. Back back. I just had to get the door. You should don't have to. Uh, but yeah, can I go? Yeah, yeah, I may go for go for it dude. Oh RWJ where you turn around man looking the other direction Yeah, I was I was wondering man. I'm like I don't think that that helps Good try You're doing your math Huh Yeah, man, I don't know I wish the throwing knives made sounds. Oh Ben's out Do you sure that's well? I was able to Samo too sure oh There we go Etsy's out video Centaur good shot. All right Dude that one through my two my legs all right here we go All right Kilos out there yeah, I get a kill for once all right All right, you more to more than we go do we move in God, yeah, yeah, yeah, thank you dude much appreciated man. So up. Oh Oh You're on three months ago. Thank you, man Of course I miss you all right guys, everyone moving Forget the pause the sweet I can go for now Yeah, I don't have anymore throwing knives. I got two more All right, let's see here. We can continue now next. I think it was Yes, step right up sir, Calibur and go for it Oh good choice sir good choice not Swift with it's an excellent choice all right now sees out Frost is out Hard to go Nothing now it's getting a little bit more more spicy Come on down Mm-hmm Swift your turn here we go Make move Next I'm gonna use my knife if I'm still alive Thought he just jinxed himself I'll take you Swift I love how you went like one step forward, but all right, that's fine. All right. My turn to do this. Let's see here Oh That was obviously luck this entire game is luck unless you're actually good at like Receiving that stuff. All right. All right. Go for it man I've only got one knife left. I'm gonna save it in case I make it to the finals All right, I'm gonna say one yeah, one you go and then we're gonna like play our little like you know spin till you die game Go go whoa what the frick man Like walks ran front of me to like like all right go to the middle. Okay, all right, so Here's what's gonna happen guys we're all obviously all of us are gonna spin Start spinning now And this is gonna end really fast the second one what let me see here when Vader yells out fire We're all gonna keep on firing until one person's dead. Hopefully we don't just end the game immediately So Vader whatever you're ready That okay, okay, okay, that's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it That worked man. All right, so it's just a it's me a new video center. What about Devon? All right, let's follow me man since I'm not did I connect you show where we're going you're going to the bridge It's a shop. Okay. That's what's alive kidding. It doesn't happen. It happens but not very often so I'm gonna win joy This will be the first time in history. It's will not first time. It's not the vet and it just I play these games a lot But it's yeah, that is napping off and it's not the first time. I've won these before. Yeah, all right You have any do you have any there were knives left center? I got you. Oh me too. I've got one one's all we need all right, so let's let's try and do this knives only Knives only all right, let's see who wants to call this one out who knows who knows what to do. I will Who said it first me I'm a little bit boy rwj dude. He's been sub for like 5,000 months. So let's I don't see I'm gonna see my boy very often Let's let's rwj go for men. I go in shake hands Good meeting you sir. That's a very firm hand shake. You have there Your hands are so smooth. You use a Duff soup No Not go ahead and chase back to back all right all right Now walk as slowly as a game will let you Fire One thing I didn't do which I should have done should have held my knife out. Oh, I don't get to see the kill Well Well, where do you go man? I should have my knife ready controllers now my thing The like I they crumpled to the ground On the back. Oh, that's that's that's a relief. All right now. I'm hanging on before we continue I've right the pause of meter, but there's at least one shadow. I gotta do two two shots Blakinator five months in a row. You'd like an interview for now. It's Blake andator I read the bad time because The other way I was pronouncing was obviously sound racist. I think it was racist, but you know I heard man I would respect that and metal man. What is that? What is up, baby 41 months? Did I'm doing great dude? How about you? Devon video center was the winner of that match good game guys. Hopefully I remember to edit this thing properly Dude's as always. Thank you for watching my videos really means a lot I always want to share with you guys. I'm now officially sponsored by soilin I don't get least two bottles a day. Does a meal in a bottle tastes good Chocolate's my favorite flavor coffee original close second Links in the description for want to check it out make me look good and really I think you're gonna love it chocolate all day baby Thanks for watching dudes