 What is up everyone we're in third person playing a snap roll light Let's decide who's going first. It's gonna be you Yeah, you hi, who's this Hey Hey's all right, hey, no don't worry. We're no no no no center today Those centers sometimes we go to the center sometimes we don't let's be one of those days where we don't I'll say what you know what I will I will sit in the center. Maybe you guys will shoot me There you know what why I just don't play this game. How about you guys just shoot all right? So hey's go ahead spin around a full speed after a few spins fire shot Damn players Oh, you didn't have a nice snap I'm gonna take that man Blair sorry man, you know what sucks there Flare didn't even get the play of the game. You don't you want today's putters says so I think you had a good run all right Let's go clockwise next. That's you. Oh, God. Oh, wow. That's a nice go Bro, you put a song sorry your sniper rifle Bro, you'll grab my sniper right there man. Swap that out Salonsters we That's okay. I don't think I was super clear about that. That's all right next go for it By the way, if you want to say what your name is before you spin you can because I have no idea who you are next Oh To play Bro I take this gun so I don't have a right shield anymore Just don't use a right shield bro. It was simple. Oh man. I'm sorry dread that didn't get the play of the game man All right next this is hungry. I've been this bullet has sifters name on it Never mind. Oh, no hang on you dropped it hang on let me pick it up Would you like what stop right? No, no I was like you dropped you dropped you dropped you the wrong bulletments when I was your name on it Can I return it to you? No, please I would like you to keep it or give it to someone else that means that bullet, you know It's tough times. Please don't charity. You are the one that needs it No, no, I have enough bullets, you know, we'll play a little game later if you survive next. Oh You guys Guys don't worry This this load that I created apparently has last dead no door good But I can't do that again. I'm fortunate. That was it That's I get hit again. I'm dead a bro. I still got one what hanging what's your name? Young man, I think he had my bullet What's your name I get where I ask bro. That is not your microphone blood men. I guess you guess the five dollars Talk it's okay. All right next Look at Soarth themselves all right, so you got right next Next Who I'm not young next anymore to knowing Keep on going Yeah, so sometimes people complain that I say switch to much of this with just says game Row It's kind of part of the game. Yeah, yeah I'm more here the more it makes you think you actually say I'll know oh I thought from on that made a it been a male Please no movement. Thank you, man. You little Luke Goblin. There he are You we got a wait a rotation man It's time for a little mini game. We're gonna continue with you if you survive Alright me in the center again. I'm what everyone to spend nonstop Like you be the word you're gonna fire single bullet Fire Hey's own soyca rest in peace. Oh that guy dies he got the fire twice it be all right all right up let's continue I come hits Keep on going is a lot like next, but it's not as annoying as me yelling next a hundred times What are the odds probably not I mean they're right next to each other One more All right good job everyone all right, let's everyone move in make it nicer circle I've decided I'm joining the game after all all right So whoever was next I think you go for it You can tell it's using a controller using your mouse the fastest thing require controller, but you know I Got embraced across platform life that that everyone has Get your own controller Gotta make do it. That's right All right, please stop it's bonus round time everyone please spin This time we will fire two shots back to back Without pause you just pull the trigger twice and you're good Fire Burdy and eat and rest in peace All right, so I'm moving a little bit Fun game mode I always tell you guys a story of how we did this in real life With a Nerf gun in an office chair one of these days how Actually, maybe I can do it. I just got a I think I'm in I'm in the process of getting a Urban Miller sponsorship thing going on so maybe I can make that part of the video if they let me all right, let's continue You People dropping like flies before and now it's just like all right closer Always keep crazy Yeah, man got to ride that luck Yeah, man It's not very circular take a step back man. Yeah, all right great. Let's go There we go Everyone's got 50 health so if you survived a graze bullet then you know Keep my eyes open for this one. No, I'm getting I like close my It's just natural What was that man you shoot it's so Hang on one second let him return there. There I go. All right, can see you please Yep, you know, I Who came back to you was home. Yeah, you never mind. I bet What Oh Congratulations everyone to step on the edge of this It's window opening Yeah, I'm saying too bad all right, let's keep it going. Oh, maybe that is annoying All right next Oh Yeah, man, love how you like you know, they really make it feel a close call No changes just keep on going until further notice Thanks for you know waiting though The map Should have words this is annoying Wow, bro, how that well it was his foot brutal press and piece man Everyone's horizontal sensitivity won so you'd generally be aiming down if you don't start there Yeah, keeping the horse keep the horse off the way they'll keeping vertical one sorry vertical should be one Give me vertical one we'll keep it more steady, right? That's correct Out of close calls One more All right, great so we're gonna make a gonna everyone on a single square here for example I'll be in the middle over here. Yeah Yep I want to this square over here get the other side there wherever I prefer to keep the same order, but I'll take what I can get Where you go man, you were good. They don't know. I really don't know all right great. Let's see your jump if you were the last person to go All right, great, you can go we'll skip me since I'm not sure about the order All right, you're up next Oh, for us to be Samphony next I'll just four kills. That's suspicious. Bro, I'm bought for sure. Mm-hmm. Oh That one went through me that was Passing your armpits man All right next up Yes, he chit well Alex rest in peace man. How are you going? I'm going. Yes. Yes. I just didn't want to go last time because I wasn't good about you know, maintaining order I should have done second that scenario. All right Why are you really excited by killing me huh? I play All right, that's okay. Why don't you guys take a corner now please that same square All right, let me go over for remaining players. We have metz baby milk slash and crumpets everyone's got to kill All right folks continue Close Oh Let me shot your leg with an inches Shot the hot one off that plate right there bro One more All right, chill all right that square is obviously too big now if you look to your You see one of those planters at the corner Oh, yeah, yeah, everyone get on one of those corners The same one though. I want four of you guys in a single one Oh great. This ain't gonna go lower next. What do you mean? It's getting great. Oh On it or next to on it, please on the corner I think it's cooler that way Let me just get a good angle Enough cool um First person to crouch goes first All right, yeah you uh That guy yeah, you know who you are jump it up and down. No, it's you great. All right, when stand up begin Oh Whoa, how can we go on counter what I guess we're going I guess we're going counterclockwise now Oh Suspense oh Dude he wound that one up for like five years to shoot you All right, our remaining players are slash and crumpets all right I got my murder in this top two All right, here we go You know, I feel like there are two camps when you have these scenarios one camp is like I hope the guy who killed me dies And the other camp is like hope the guy who killed me wins that shows I was killed by the best I'm a very petty man If you walk before then more than a single minute, you know, this is true. I always hope the guy who killed me dies no matter what I don't care how bad I am all right, so cool I'll stack the against me. Um, let's see. How will we do this? Uh Any game mini game Are you guys both on a controller? Yeah, you guys want to do a duel or do you want random? Not the month slash Do what they do you guys want to do a duel? Okay, all right hang on hang on well, I mean we got there's a dance of this So you guys look back towards the center of the hotel mid lane you see that wall over there I want both of you guys on that wall, please meet in the center Look it's never-one else watching for those who you're interested in joining these games are one flattered Um, the videos have really been popping off lately. Thanks to you guys Um, if you'd like to join these games Uh, me, oh yeah, I'm not the center No, the center of the wall All right cool, we're this might be the first time So I'm just gonna kind of go over the the basics of a of a duel So step one I always like folks shaking hands just you know it's courtesy so you guys will look up and down Might look like you're doing something else with the other guy, but don't worry about it All right step two you're gonna turn around So that you're back-to-back Step three we're gonna confirm that no one has changed their settings the ideas that you play this game using You know your your your high sensitivity to make it hard, you know all right great All right next I'll be asking you guys to walk as slowly as the game will let you so try Gently push your left stick or there that's perfect guys just so good at this and then at some point I'm gonna yell out you know fire and you'll turn around and you only get to spend one bullet if you miss your shot Don't do it yet If you miss your shot you must just wait you can't jump off the way in that spot So it's a competition of who can turn around and aim and pull the trigger position first Please send yourselves again these back and when you guys are at the center you guys should match up with the middle of the door Swap your ship on the bridge. This is where we are is very nice. I want you guys to move a bit further to the center you guys aren't there yet Keep going keep going keep going keep going keep going keep going keep going. No you're on the wrong way slash No, hang on hang on I'm gonna slow slash you okay my best slash you're going the right direction slash go back Keep going slash keep going. I'm really big on on on there. You'll stop All right now I want you guys all right. We're gonna be getting now now if I'm smart I'll edit all of this out of the main video that I upload if I don't you call me leasing the comments for not doing it All right, I want you guys all right, so I want to pump it you'll walk up to slash This is fire 80s allowed yeah, but you'd be crazy to hit fire you get one bullet you think your fire bullet is gonna hit and eight all right Here we go. So welcome aside for a duel. It's trumpet versus slash Step one shake hands In slow motion Step two turn around so you're back to back Step two and a half no one else say anything Step three walk as slowly as the game will let you We'll only get one bullet when I give you the word you'll laugh the turn around by a single shot now Y'all see you didn't say fire both of you guys both of you guys wait a little bit Shame on both of you that's a radio people I know you're instant this a dodge a bullet You ain't in the matrix you're gonna turn around fire bullet and you're not gonna dodge all right Don't just call me a low key a dick that low key very high key I'm a high key dick bro It is very I'm not trying to hide anything all right. Let's try again. Please shake your hands Turn around so you're back to back Walk even slower this time This is Fire We got a winner. There we go GGs I guess Swift got what he wanted I know I know I don't look I died I don't really care who dies my purpose. Come on congratulations I will overkill there all right good game guys. That was a lot of fun. GG I pond is for all the difficulty and getting to lobby. It's been a rough. But I'm sure the fix it