 So, dudes, thanks for pressing like if you enjoyed the video. Well, that all right, let's play What is up, Unabroes welcome To snapper or like so players are gonna take a turn coming down to the center Spend around a circle and firing a shot at random Legend killer almost the two-year mark. Yeah, man one month off. This is where I started I don't think so. I think it was up over here. There we go. Thank you very much legend killer. It's a ton of months, dude All right, so let's see who's gonna go first I choose You who's this? Yeah, yeah you T-bone you you man you win the lottery and you win in these Yeah, I'm in a good day so far. Yeah, it's gonna die first Well, what what what what what what We come down to the center my friend come on down come down to the center. Yeah, there we go Go for it. Oh All right, no all right. We're gonna go let's say clockwise so CC you're up next Hey, Kuala, how are you doing? Go to go Why why what's going on? Why does happen so often? I want to know what I did I haven't kicked a cat since like last Tuesday. I don't get why I'm Karma so bad. All right continue the game. I haven't kicked any cats by the longs Bad joke And I'm out Pope justice dropping the sub. Thank you very much Pope justice. Thank you, dude. I appreciate you supporting the channel Yeah, if you're using undercover, I'd like to know who you are That's meat head right over there. Come on me. Give me some company over here Man you're organization. What's up? Man you're organization Who that That was Chris me and kill Corey hey, yeah Chris you weren't saying there dude go back to your spot Give back in order there No Okay, whatever go ahead there whatever Well, hang on there you need to check out your settings buddy. Let's we're looking down your site. That was no good That was no good go back go back in line and fix your settings. You're lucky no one died whoever you are All right, who's next this line's coming a mess. Yeah, come on down All right, bad boy. Let's see what you're gonna do wait wait wait I Are back in line You find someone else T-bone is a terrible spectator. I need someone to show me the name. Oh, sorry Yeah, I was relying on you and you were like you recount all your money from that lottery one all right, Lonzo And meat head is out rest in peace Ice agent there we go no good next Maple leaf Try one full circle nice a survive T-bone No, all right, you see you murderer. Let's see what you got next No victims this time shame All right jump From government under cover man who is this oh I don't know this is And we now I guess we'll never know One of these guys had terrible settings for the controller all right dusty. Let's see what you got I think it was dust. Yeah, we got looks good Oh, that was some solid spins right there That's really not the middle Yep, do your best well get back in line in order not hard How hard is the remember your spot? No, no bad boy. You're fine. I was completely about somebody else. You're fun, man. All right bad boy go for it All right Next Negative all right couple more T-bone before your turn we're all gonna move in Oh Chris is out you know Chris we were standing in the spot you were supposed to you would have died All right maple next All right, well is it's T-bone next everyone move in make a smaller circle make a nice nice donut shaped So now the grass patches are we happy with this lift no closer Imagine that imagine the person to your left and right are people that are you find very attractive and you want me close these possible Yes, oh yeah, Agent you're the special Okay, yeah, that's great. All right good enough. Let's continue Whoa is that good way hang on jump is it your turn get get wait jump Yeah Jump where were you standing yeah, it is sorry. Go ahead. Sorry. I make sure with somebody else my my bad dead people make mistakes Messed on cover my hunger There I go that is a overstorm there I go now we know mr. Undercover is the hard way all right go for a dust Yeah, the one downside I feel like to the snapper I was more or two is they don't sound as satisfying as anything they were called these I'm I'm sure they sound very realistic But man sounds like you're using like you know one of those pop guns By the way swifter you did over Next I don't do tech support during streams and recordings whatever it is we can deal with it later Smaller guns swift yeah, let's do it moving shoulder shoulder make that circle Well Not that close How come the right side is all like you know all spaced out but the left side you guys are like Tucking the others butts. Come on. Let's just work it out. Let's see even All right get enough. Let's go Wow All right, see you see They're here I don't Yeah, all right, it's like an impossible mission to make a proper circle Oh Yeah, this is terrible all right. Oh, and T bonus gun. All right, Asian boy are up There you go. I love we hops like directed to other side of the circle same in the middle just like to try for the CZ space what do you miss this? Oh Maple leaf oh There goes there's long zone. All right CC you're up again Let us true circles are difficult to draw I can't draw a good circle So puddles or blobs All right over so we can take a life And you did the rest of peace maple leaf man next I hate every second that's on twitch Every ad should have like a five second skip button you know like if the first five seconds are an interesting enough like that's it you're at sucks It's a way it should be I'm moving this square Come on over nope, that's a bad boy. I believe in you Oh, that's weird oh Oh There goes nasty Wilder them without a kill Yeah, oh to good my voice it's an up long is a long I think make his diamond like a triangle something because it's literally like All right hang on what is a four-peel four players left? Yeah, all right guys we're gonna play a little game Oh, who's this guy moving back? You gillis man move up a little bit Yeah you you the gillis see yeah, there we go all right you guys gonna keep on spinning and firing Until there's only two players left so start spinning but don't fire yet Now keep on firing Keep on going Keep on going That's it stop No, overstorm is out not jump again It's jumping bad boy congratulations jump grab bad boy it's time for the snapper face off All right, so let me explain this mode in case you've you forgot the rules You're gonna shake hands and when I give you the word you know walking opposite directions It's a low is the game lets you when I say fire you're gonna turn around and fire one shot You can't dodge the bullet you can't jump you can't go into prone you can't go left to right you turn around You aim if you want and you fire one shot you miss your shot you wait you wait to die if they haven't farther gun All right Walk as slowly as possible Fire oh my god you guys you guys yes yes all right we do a ray try if You hear a shot but you didn't die you win the game slow down slow down all right all right all the time though no no Western whistling all right All right Walk as slowly as possible Yeah, look at speed walker over there all right fire What what the hell He was all down like a hill and crab speed walking down there. I don't know how to feel about that. Yeah Yeah, I don't know how to feel about that Oh You saw like you saw like this much of his head when he fired his gun All right, anyway fun game guys GG dudes as always thank you for watching my videos really means a lot I always want to share with you guys. I'm now officially sponsored by soilin I don't get least two bottles a day. It's a meal in a bottle tastes good Chocolate my favorite flavor coffee original close second Links in the description for it. Check it out make me look good and really I think you're gonna love it chocolate all day baby. Thanks for watching dudes