 Swift goooood! Look at that beautiful spinning. Welcome guys to snapper alert. You guys gonna stop spinning now. Thanks for that In spin snapper alert players will spin one of the time and fire a single shot from the snapper rifle today's weapon a beautiful Cosco doesn't do much damage but it'll do enough to kill somebody in case it doesn't don't heal You'll have a second chance of living anyway, let's just gonna go first last two players alive will face off in a special duel how about you oh you can say where you are man this one will keep you in the same position say ourselves some time all right Jeff VH is going first all right Jeff go ahead man spin around see what kind of pro no no scope shot you got all right doctor money you're up next man you know it's tough oh be raw out well all right wild rowdy you're up next man oh you know I feel like that shouldn't happen and if the circle is a better circle but you know that that's unfortunate the gosh good does kill him when hit though I guess it's strong enough to kill next person up is let's see we got your turnal all right after that we got a cavalry cavalry here hydra thank you 21 months of support man thank you dude all right joke mine go ahead oh no TV D go ahead oh no wow what was that weird crouch turn out to get a little stylish there an elf go for man what feel like I'm in this collateral zone for a three-calorie get this toxic next all right apex your turn man you watch yourself wow wow jarels out feel pretty lucky there I want to give thanks for all those bullets missing me all right we got about four to put on the circle gone we're gonna skip right over to you war rodeo just go ahead take your turn just take your chair when it's your turn close oh and Elfic hey pecs oh no I picked sorry now I pecs can't see the gap between us and no dice go right ahead we'll do one more rotation then we'll close in a little bit last one all right everyone moving carefully keep the same order please let's make the circle a little bit more intimate intamate all right I like it I like it this is a good looking circle can I see the map can I zoom on the map probably not all right anyway go right ahead rodeo so tense don't want to say anything that win the game lost cable the first gotta talk after I said that died coincidence I think so it matters 51 months damn matters thank you dude 51 months years years upon years of giving a ball guy in the internet five dollars a month less your soul matters and miss ofants Oh, wow, get those kills, man. by the call hacks. Oh no toxic it's so quiet in this game but I just I just can't I can't help and it's like you know focus on who's gonna get a shot. I could win this it could be me I could make it to the finale. I brought that upon myself. My noodles are getting cold. Better warm them up. Shit. It does have a very satisfying sound though. Ashday yeah very satisfying. Oh No, man, all right, there you guys left Let's keep on going Who came up with this game me actually I Can tell you guys exactly when I came up with it. It was inspired by a paintball game I played so I had went to Play paintball with my co-workers crashed a burn Cheneyam and a bunch of other guys and To play a few rounds I got wrecked and then whenever I had very few paintballs left the squad leader was like Wherever the random camp was like a let's play this mini game though You do when you have like you know like a few like shots left so they lined up like two teams of people and Basically both sides got to like Shoot each other while standing still at the other team And I'm like, oh, that's pretty cool. I bet you've been similar in call of duty so thought about it and The first video is actually teams but instead everyone should at the same time but it's hard to watch We gave everyone one turn So I think it's called civil war mode in and paintball And we turn that turn this until like roll out Wow, well guys here's let's stop Try make it better triangle this distance is okay just make sure you're equally away from everyone else. There we go Perfect, let me just look at this that looks solid. So what we're gonna do is You guys will be firing your guns infinitely until there's only until one person dies. So everyone spin around in a circle I'm watching I have to watch the way pecs. I can't love you guys speaking. I'll assume you are and Just give it a good start. Give it a go and at this point keep on firing your gun. Come on fire Really I guess forget it. I guess that's done Well, that was an exciting exciting Speed round there All right All right wild rodeo Apex we usually do like a 1v1 where you do like the turn around you walk the steps um And in fact, I think what we should do here is a little different game. Can you guys go go to the water that's near you Just stay above water, but it's popping All right All right cool so here's the rules. Yeah, the stay in the water. You can only fire your shots one fully submerged That's all that's all there is to it. Can we scope in or do you? You know what let's say no scoping to make it to make it a little bit more interesting All right, so no scope you have to you'll have to know scope underwater No 360 spins required so All right guys, it's wait for my word. No one else. Do you see anything ready set go Be conscious of oxygen you do need it And don't do you just need to be above water for half a second to get your oxygen back So you just dip immediately. Oh, this is pretty good. Maybe make this until mode Apex apex had five kills. It was one of those kills man. That's impressive. Look at that But while rodeo does get the the collateral kill cam. Yes, definitely Yeah, wow Boof all right fun game guys congrats congrats Apex Wow That was one all right well done If you want to play with this you're more welcome to try to combine try If you go to twitch.tv forch last Swift or follow the channel this can buy the channel We don't play call duty every single day We play most days we usually interchange between Xbox and ps4 lobbies but you follow channel and you know Followed instructing the channel and you should be get to go all right good game guys Thanks as always for watching the videos guys. This is just a heads up that I've got myself an Instagram Swift or says I take photos when I travel Oh, well, let's get out of that one something a little bit weird. Anyway, I've totally got normal photos. You can check it out in the feed Definitely appreciate you guys checking it out if you choose to follow Appreciate you adding some bald man to your feed anyway guys. Thank you very much. See you guys next video