 What does up do is we're doing another round of a Nile later or let one of the time players will come to the circle with their Nile later They'll spin around in the circle of full speed, which I'm not doing right now And they'll fire one shot at random unless there's some kind of insane pro so guys first things first if you haven't already go to your options Go to controls Set your let's see here horizontal horizontal sensitivity to 14 Your vertical sensitivity to one and turn off your aim assist both of them Then when you come to the center you'd be spending a high speed with noiseless whatsoever the fire shot and some of my die There you go. Anyone have any questions? Great, let's pick our first player and the first person to go up will be You bad jokes. Yep. Yeah, whoa. Yep. Hang on bad jokes Go ahead. Go ahead man head to the center carefully There you go get out your Nile later Spin around. Oh hang on hang on one moment. Why am I bad if you kill me? I will kill you in real life All right now we're ready. All right. Go ahead man. It's been who's this running around? This stop No dice. All right head back into the circle man and we're gonna continue Counterclockwise so beat you're up next The person's words with a little brother background playing really exciting game of fortnight We go push a jock all right almost but no all right just go ahead when it's your turn. Yes Yeah, go who jumped into Q Oh, yeah, who jumped into Qs of this guy? Oh, yeah, go back. What go back in your spot kiddo All right, anyway, go ahead. Oh next Trashy Come on trashy someone needs to die not me though I'm gonna go right there. Wait a second. I wait a second buddy boy You need you need to fix your saying you go back into the circle and fix your settings buddy You're not going at full speed it's points to me which is yo yo trashy go back into the circle. I'm not gonna whip you to do it It's a 14 what do you mean you got amicistan or something you got amicistan It's a four Yeah, bro go back into circle man. You gotta look at your settings Get back into circle next player come on down you'll be ready next time if you don't die all right next headless Yeah, all right go ahead All right That one's dead yet Go for it Well you too buddy you're looking down your sights Well if you're in your amicistan's on go back go back into the circle and fix it mate next You know but you're out lose one train so fucks man All right, all right. Did you even fire gun? No, can you can you just fire gun mate? Wow? Well, say me all right. All right. This is clearly a very smooth game. We're operating here Oh It's a waste of play this before I don't know man Well, nope, nope back back and line mate back and line get back in the circle turn off your amicistan next There we go Wow makes them look easy me make it look easy Oh You killed Owen oh you killed you kill PRB you killed PRB No one No, all right no one died from that surprisingly actually everyone's got 200 health because it's one shot kill anyway So we got we got a little bit of accident insurance I really hope nobody else gets one next time I get enough It makes me look it makes me look good It left bumper right bumper to pull it out all right go for it Oh Risen piece out what are you guys looting off this corpse? What do you need you're you've got infinite annihilator All right go ahead Fly You don't you don't man you you missed there you go you're good all right go for it Wow you you're hurry Good shot man good shot I've been destroyed now I'm looking through your eyes until you're dead Yeah, there's I can't look through your eyes Yeah, that's it all right so Me heads okay Teabot just give off Oh one day I got teabone The explosion probably reduced the health that's all again I'll show you how it's done boys What do you how what All right all right back in the circle stop stop go back go back. Go back mate yo yo Back in the circle man It's time for it's time for a little bonus round everyone take out the annihilator Everyone's been around you're gonna you're gonna fire a one shot when I give the word everyone's been everyone's been I'm gonna get another kill on fire what go All right that's it only one person died that's fine Why you seem really excited about that all right okay great now we can continue go ahead Yeah wait Right all we need to meet had these to get to the final so I can kill it Fine let's stop the stakes you ever kill with me get such true I'm deal I spent all the time man who is that guy why is he even talking to all right Wait Why wouldn't it Oh Bear Keller is out All right oh and you'll be the last to go then we're gonna move in with the circle All right everyone everyone move in moving Yeah, yeah, no, no, no, that's good squeezed in guys there we go There we go there we go Move in yeah move you should you should you should be able to see every other player on your screen That you'll be that close come on in yeah, who's the sky on the side bro Yo trashy trashy why you still afraid bro get in that circle What what what was that yeah Oh, wait, what hang on Can we get a confirmation from the from the from the from the murder e Yeah, he was looking down he was looking down the sites no Victim The we have chaos here Who's the sky that's dancing around No, no, we're not nearly have the suit nearly have the suit this to your left I'm waiting As he should go All right Oh Carma right there Oh For me all right man we get we get it man you're fearing for your life we get it I'm not afraid of anything You You got out of the squeaky chair I saw my house expect that it's more likely to be the squeaky chair all right I saw Oh I can be doing something in the chess Possibility Oh Trashy's out I'm still got my schools Oh Go go for a man. You got hacks to be here. That's what you all. Alright, hang on everyone come close together. Time to tighten up the circle once again. There's four of us. Right. Five. Five players. What? Could be. Close. That. Well anyway. Alright guys, one quick bonus round. This is again. Whoa, whoa, whoa, you back. Go come back. Glyla closer. Come on. Come on. Me ahead. Don't be afraid. Me ahead. Come on man. Oh, and then you have to move in. Go move in. Dude, you guys. Your friends. Move in. Come on. Okay. Okay. Alright. Yeah. Alright. Alright. Alright. Get out. Get out your annihilators. Let's spin. Everyone spinning? Yes. Fire. Choice spinning. One's swift bolt for the past two. I heard two shots, boys. I only four. Alright. Whatever. Okay. So, whoa, dude. Relax. Mate. Relax. Relax. Okay. Whatever. Alright. Now let's let's continue. Who's next? I don't know. I'll go ahead. Let's go ahead. Yeah. Why not? Shoot me down. No kidding. I have no idea where you're. My office still stands once for the person to kill meathead. It's difficult to speak. It's a joke. That's not the right spot. Mate, there you go. Here you go. I know. I wanted the chicken. I just dropped it. Nope. Didn't even shoot. Yeah. I'm fucking out of the shit. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. I'm. Wow. Headless is out. I'm not expecting a meathead. And to the person whose parents are getting divorced, I apologize, man. I feel sorry for you, dude. I hope things work out. I don't want to focus. Someone get their sister. Someone someone leaves their beer out. Get swarming. All son folks get them nuts. I'm just saying I'm sorry to have our killist time. Nearly all you die. Hey. We had our proposal. I don't know. I don't know. All right, guys. You're getting nothing in my heart. The game has now changed. I'm tired of all the spinning around. It's time for you guys to spit. It's time for you guys to spread out. Because in 15 seconds, you can use unlimited annihilator shots. The kill players. 10. 9. 8. That's a lot of sense. 7. 6-5-4-3-2-1. Go. Not later, zone. They go ahead. Last barrel I've went. I'm so bad. Leave the sensitivity as is. Do not change it, mates. We'll know. I'm so bad. You can spam your weapon, man. It'll be great. Oh no. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. There's no. Oh, my god. It's hot. Mia takes out tons. Um, there's five. We're here just going to survive now. Mia just going to camp. I mean, if you know he's camping, you know if you know where he's camping. It's friggin' obvious. Oh. Oh. Wow. He's full. Simple's god. One person left. Well, the last person being able to pop out and get shot by me head too. I mean, take out me head. I don't know. Oh. Oh. My aim is terrible. What was that? I hate him. Oh. He has like screw it. That will be bad. Oh. You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. And sometimes a lot of the shots you do take. All right. So congratulations to me head. Remember you had infinite shots made. You should've just kind of came out firing. But you know, that's the game. All right. You got to me head. GG guys. Fun match until I died later.