 Swift! What is up, Unibrow's welcome To combat axe roll it we'll pull down one play right at time into the center of the circle will spin right up full speed Maybe the axe will hit somebody. I don't know. Let me pick who's gonna go first here. I'm gonna go to the center Go full speed and I choose you Who are you? Jake Bob Congratulations Jake Bob now hang on one second. Let me carefully get back into my spot here Cool is that is that chicken the very center of the circle? I feel like it is Yeah, all right stand another chicken there you go dude. So Jake you feeling good about this man? Yeah, I'm feeling great. Do you think you get you'll get a kill? Oh, no not at all Wow But it's issues another time but for now spin around as fast as you can and then toss toss one time a hawk or I mean combat axe Oh, Mr. C the first to go Rest in face good job, man. You killed somebody didn't kill yourself. Which I don't think is possible There you go. He's so excited. He's crouching up and down. All right, so let's go. Let's go counterclockwise the person to Your right Is that not something guys it? Okay, go ahead. I wasn't the one crouching. Oh You weren't Well, wow man. I wasn't even ready to observe that one. Well, whatever next guy Who does cobra hang on cobra 24 months enrolled. Thank you very much, dude really appreciate that All right, I'm also getting some heck of one of you guys so sort that out please Jake Bob that's you all right next up Wow, weird sounds man Dickers in the do you go yet? All right, block clips go for it man. Oh Oh Gilman Russ and P's Gilman. Oh my god. All right sinful you're up man Wow Jake Bob is out A lot of death you got you guys I mean you guys have your amuses turned off man these things are like these are heat seeking They do bounce off. All right. Yes, they do. Okay Kill me Nothing all right Please don't kill me No one died how fortunate for you All right, Karen go for it Right out of speed Oh close I recommend setting vertical Virgo sensitivity of one You don't do that. Oh Wow Buckleips down a box lives down next Teabone All right, Teabone to what you got man Alright, it's in a river it goes maybe catch some fish that way all right go for a crotchy man Oh Teabone many caught that axe in the worst possible location of his body. All right next Simple as out man this game is moving fast. I'm gonna get everything that's kind of accuracy ever It must be a combat axe kind of like Yeah, yeah, the future is now Sentin combat axes The spike drone like tracked you He's really close to me. I feel like what I'd like That bounce like four times or you did you can stop spinning you're you're good you missed All right Even self Absolutely man, there's nothing to redeem Through me you are just too strong for that combat axe No, it's definitely got that bird Oh, Karen is dead Now these games will move a little faster because Max players and Alabi certainly are 14 Um for free for all hope they increase that back up to 18, but we'll see I'm sure they have the reasons But marino Dickerson oh bonsai All right Oh almost got me there dude all right time to take a life You know I was just talking trash it actually expected to happen rip juridious Almost man Oh Nope nice try Don't grow oh no, you know, I'm even more left. It's like what five of us Yeah, yeah, all right might be telling you in a circle soon and Next time you throw a swift I'll say in twin for the same beyond the keyness All right one more round and then we'll uh We'll do the size of the circle perhaps Oh You looking at me trying to Nope I want to see that happen that would be so much fun. There's always it's someone else and not me All right I'll go and then we'll reduce we'll reduce the circle size Yeah, no one over there all right everyone Let's move over here Let's make a smaller circle Just on bad back everywhere but you yeah, no hopefully the game doesn't crash while it's combat because everywhere Everyone hailed the mighty chicken No thanks I don't know why for this one to stay where you are Let's do a bonus round guys everyone spin oh No Everyone spin There we go and when I give the words toss one x ready set throw No one died Well, whatever all right Go ahead fond fond fondle my lamo or what hang on All right, you get hang on you can say in the spot you were in man. We don't need to go to the center Because you'll hit you'll there's a good chance of hitting anybody especially me Wow, man, it's a Minecraft go ahead You know what's funny this is what usually happens in an old game when you actually have any missing thumb You always Wow the accuracy in the game was blowing my mind though. I've never seen it that accurate before Unmemorable You see not like many Being because like so far as well Haven't seen it All right next all right after this rotation be two axes Oh Yeah There Go for demonic All right Lama throw two one after the other oh No No Is he after the throw another I mean you should need to throw two you already did I saw I saw you through two all right Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm sure you're thrilled. All right next person sir All right next Oh no no free Yeah, you can't switch respect eight. Oh, Homer. Oh, yeah, you can't switch players weird You have to stay on overkill you Train Hada come out all right. I didn't remember me can do it that Oh King Dickerson is is gone all right demonic two throws All right almost can Lama get a second kill You know Not this time we're down to three players Two of you guys have planned the finale unless the two axes killed both players Yeah, it could happen. Yeah, we've seen craze your endings So we'd watch him throw the axes like when he goes back inside the wrong sky Oh One million years later Okay All right keep on going we'll get increased this oh yeah, we have a finale hang on I got this Lama you're the last to get before the game change All right guys everyone spin around keep on spinning And keep on throwing axes until one person dies Oh Stop stop stop stop stop stop stop Geneseo bear is down that leaves Lama versus demonic All right guys, I've got a special mini game plan for you dudes the very special one All right, what do you guys head to the end of this ravine or this river demonic you go over there by the end? No Yeah The other the other side towards the towards the logs. I know you can't see where I'm pointing because I want a camera in my bedroom But you know, yeah, I'm actually on my bedroom in an office. All right, Lama go far as far back as you can without losing sight of him Yeah, bye Further back There's that little tiny Over there is good Don't when I say go You can't approach each other you can swivel left and right but you must always have visual with the other player So you can dodge I can give us a mini game of dodge axe which we will do as its own video But not this is just like a sampling so gentlemen You get through as many axes as you want as often as you want last player live wins go You have to arc it up if you want to make it over there Back up demonic back your ass up Oh We don't get the jumps in there Oh almost Lama gets it. I want to see this kill cam right now Oh he walks into it Man, that's it God amputated there All right good tried demonic and congratulations Lama the Lama with no microphone Good game. Oh, you know a microphone just very very quiet. All right got it congratulations man. Good game. That was a fun one Thank you for watching guys. Hope you enjoyed the video if you got Twitter and you use it drop me a follow I'm just Swift or at Swift or on Twitter. I'd love to see you there. Shoot me a tweet whenever you want I'll try and reply if I can and if you want to know when I we record these live Follow at Swift or alert See you guys there. Thanks dudes