 Make sure you tap the bell so you never miss a video. It's right next to the sub button. Thanks guys What is up, you know, bros, man? Some sniper relat So we have all these fine folks here. Let's take a look what the bets are looking like so players Fewers watching the stream live can place Please bet some of the folks they think you're gonna win. So let's see here Caval's got but well the 62 trillion on the line Most of it's on cable second most is on me good luck with that Actually, no, no, never mind. It's it's not in order of betting never mind. It's not it's not that order Actually, the person was the most on them looks like it's hover That's weird anyway Pick a person from his list three things gonna win this as It go taking turns been around firing shots at random You know what this time I'm gonna go first guys and we're gonna go Let's go counterclockwise. It goes clear. We'll be next All right, here we go good luck to me Nope, all right goes killer. You're go man Do I not get a kill cam that I turned that off? You know what you know what I took off I took off points for kills, which is why I don't get a kill cam All right next take a chair, please Whoa Of course no one else is dying Oh There goes Jordy Todd Riley connects to like that could have been me There you're trying Riley All right hang on Only what two people died that rounds I was 50% of that So let's let's have everyone spit around everyone spin you're gonna fire one shot when I give you the word only one Fire and no one died All right For this next round I want you guys listen carefully you're gonna go into the center of the circle You're gonna spin around fire and you're gonna go back to your spot So ghost come back. I mean ghost killer you're up What was that? Whoa Slot guy good job man. Did you shoot my course pro? Was I come a little insulted by that man I'll tell you what man let's play a little bit of game with ghost killer no, I had back to the circle man We're playing a little mini game Everyone aim your everyone aim your you're gonna at ghost killer Don't worry man, you're not you're not dead. You can let you have a chance Scope no ghost killer you can jump up and down and crouching prone right now Because in a moment I'm gonna shoot fire one shot at you. You can try and dodge it See she tried to be a massive yeah, you should aim at him you only get one shot though You need when I say fire you got a you have fire at him so you can't wait basically keep a reticule on him and And Can we scope or no yeah, yeah scope away you all have high sensitivity. It's gonna be hard But basically keep your scope on when I go fire gonna you're gonna get a fire at him all right Disrespecting your host man. It's gonna cost your life unless you escape here. So ready set fire Yeah, I would be a little bit of stuff don't shoot my corpse motherfucker all right I want you I remember those people one lobbies you just want your revenge No death there Ryle is out rip oh All right next up Now we're one time everyone's around their aim bot. What's going on? Everyone's programs are starting to kick in now Dude you almost got me I got scared I would like right next yeah, almost man almost Whoa hang on hang on back up for a second there dude you were not standing there bad get back your spot there you go all right next All right guys Hey you stand up bro hang on What why you crouching hungry Hungry I know you can talk man. I know you can talk man. What's your? You trying to dodge some bullets wanna play some dots and bullets everyone aim you're gonna hungry let's dodge some bullets Let's dodge the bullets man. Oh Yeah, yeah playing some respects. Sorry man. Let's respect the let's do some some dodging Don't dodge next time all right next next person line. Let's continue all right. How about I'll be playing the game like it's both I wasn't actually trying to all right. Yep. Whoever's next go ahead. That's hungry Go in the middle hunger. Oh, yeah, yeah How will we play the game we're supposed to we were supposed to play you know I Can't stop when I see cavalo after line up you know Sometimes in the work of gotta keep a level Close All right project I've been expecting through you man get a kill man. No let me down That's that's all right dude. That's all right no pressure man. No pressure. I don't like two seconds to the game All right after this I need everyone to stop All right, wait yo dude So we need two things First thing is gonna do another bonus round. It's not firing one shot this time. I'm gonna fire two shots. So everyone's been Spin around you might get a little queasy, but don't worry. He'll be over soon Full speed full speed. I'm doing a quick check now full speed spinning don't stop And when I give you the word you're gonna fire two shots one after the other fire Fire again That's enough. Oh, snowy project. I'll hover around Rest in place. Yeah, no step two is moving in guys. Let's tighten the circle up not too tight, but you know Yeah, get get come on. There we go Snowy little bit there's Yeah, yeah, cat cowboy can get the circle going There you go. Yeah, that looks good. That looks into me. All right cool All right, great. Let's continue. Who's the person to the right? It's hungry. You're up next man. There we go Middle bro middle or just middle there we go Next Next there I'm in for you hungry Do not jinx me Next race of dogs gonna be cat now vol. Yo, no, I'm gonna win this Next one to be hungry That actually flew by me that would be right between your legs on my screen Don't go in done yet Oh, snowy's out. Oh, oh man The fat space man went down Stop aiming at me All right, one more stop All right guys Everyone move in super close. Let's go shoulder to shoulder make that tight circle. Let's go. Oh dear like you're huddling There we go Everybody touch tips looks like pizza slices. Oh, we don't oh, what Levi don't you do in man? All right? All right? All right? This this looks good There we go all right There you go All right, you're not gonna move to this enter this time. I'm gonna stay where you are All right, so hungry you go first Super dubs is out next Next Next Oh, travels out rip next Hungry back to you That was oh my god, that was like run on that's a free I would kill you, cable Oh I was using him All right I know man oh No, I was using him too god damn it Well that's that all right hang on hang on hungry Delano. I don't want you guys to be here go to the middle of the map I Middle of the map boys actually know what here's what I want to do the lot of you wait right there Hungry go go to the other side of the map man wait wait Very and All the way all the way all the way this is gonna be this end of the map. It's gonna be a snapper 1v1 Anything goes Watch no, no, not anything goes snapper rifles only So you can do a camp Both you guys have both of you guys have No, not both of you guys are not UV Yes, no Delano I see you cheating you scumbag put that crap away I see that man All right guys, yes, keep the sense to keep the sensitivity the way it is full sensitivity all right So now it's just a one-on-one kill the other guy with your snapper rifle no use of any special abilities or Score streaks or whatever that's all you got this just that you can fire as many shots as you want to but obviously firing your snapper rifle gives away your location Maybe you can use that to your advantage what about the further cold is it better to be max or what now vertically Whatever you want horizontal has to be 14 though and no aim assist But the way sorry about that Swiss I actually wasn't trying to dodge anything no worries good luck Delano hungry go for it the hunt is on The only real rule will be is if you are camping everyone's gonna give away your location so don't camp Everyone both players seem fine now I See you Wow, I only can see anybody's don't know what their name is bad I See you mysterious person hiding in the doorway Go around hungry you're gonna die Yo, folks too yo, folks too we'll give it another 30 seconds and after that we're gonna add one more rule You No, no, no there will be no score streaks and no special abilities Oh Man boy guy He went around he just saw you kind of sit in there watch this oh Yeah, man I just dropped and he turned around yeah, dude. I know you're just there kind of smell the virtual grass and then bam All right congratulations hungry. All right good game guys. Thank you. GG GG Dude's as always thank you for watching my videos really means a lot I always want to share with you guys. I'm now officially sponsored by soil and you see me drink their stuff all the time It's basically a meal in a bottle. I love the chocolate and the coffee version is the best also original But they got their flavors too. So Basically in this single bottle is 400 calories with 20% of all the nutrients you need I drink one of these I'm good to go for three to four hours at least and I can keep on playing games keep on making videos and it tastes great Especially the chocolate version I devour that one you can use the link in my description to buy some at a big discount Or if you just want to try to bottle and go to the local 7-Eleven and buy a single ball by itself again Chalking coffee my favorites check them out. They're really good anyway dudes. Thanks again for watching and a big Thank you to so long for supporting what I do Dude's I'll see you next video peace out