 Make sure you tap the bell so you never miss a video. It's right next to the sub button. Thanks guys What is up dudes welcome to another game of Relat the summaries and ballistic nefs of called ballistic knife relat so if you play we'll take a turn It's been around a circle and firing a shot from the ballistic knife. It looks like we have four shots. So it's actually unlimited Let's keep on reloading so ammo is not a concern So let's see here. Let me choose the enough first First player will be Yep, wait a minute. Yeah, all right vortex all right there we go So we're gonna go let's see here counterclockwise after vortex will be history Oh, wow history why are you bald? I like it man. I like it dude. Whoa. It's not bad at all. Wow All right, I'm down with that all right, so After you take your turn Wait a moment then take wait after someone takes their turn wait a moment then take your turn if I die Give me a moment to just enjoy my kill cam or my death cam and then we can continue. I'll give you the word all right vortex go for it Spin around fire shot at random All right good What was that history history is gonna have two miles per hour spin there All right spinning with the mouse is not really a doable thing somebody will have controllers which ideally they'd be using but something using their mouse All right and Nothing Oh Satsat excuses for a spin to I'm sorry. I'll ever died who died there Felix Felix you didn't deserve that oh now he's trying He's trying after he killed somebody is like you know like super slow spin all right reds you up next Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, what was that dudes? These super slow spins at least try vortex go for it All right, all right, all right hang on I'm gonna say it right now if your spin is pathetically slow Your life is over think of the speed like if your spin is under like 60 miles per hour You're dead all right history go for it. There we go. I keep on going What was that What was that dude oh you know also broken my heart All right, all right Trump go ahead Oh, damn four cheese all right cray Come on bro faster Jeff you want to go faster. Yeah, man there you go Oh nothing all right, I'm a chef chef there we go All right, don't throw it man all right vortex history Mr. President That's faster bro come on you can do better than that at least try wants me effort all right go ahead Oh rip rip all right vortex All right Wait, wait, wait dude dude dude dude come on you can do better than that Figure it out don't don't fire and I put like show me how fast you can spin cray. Let's go Dude are you using a controller? Yes or no not not or shake your head Yeah, Trump your sensitivity maverick you're for our instructional thing all right skip this turn away for guys that out Jeff you're next All right Is that you're up See good service. That's why I didn't that's why I didn't say anything about anyone But there's certain happenings all right cray you figured out man. No you dude. Nope skip again. All right Jeff go I figured that out bro Your sensitivity set the 4.0 All right history Is that you fix it yet? Nope skip Jeff go ahead We had an entire preparation phase guys. Oh was that a stab hang on It was a headshot this that was a stab Wow, damn right to my neck all right. I Continue I'm dead. Yes You Skip hang on you got one more spin to like figure it out cray that was meant for Jeff by the way Alright show me your fast spins dude kill him All right, let's continue Move in seven So if you want us to move closer one more round one more one more rotation There you go, man. Show me full speed full power. Oh, yeah, you got a seizure here Yeah, I don't know if you can kill anyone like that all right, Zephyr scumbag your turn All right, all right, let's let's move down the road a little bit too dirty over here with my corpse and everyone else's Yeah, yeah, here we go All right dudes make a small square All right Jeff continue Oh Someone died that was history. I want to make it a triangle. What's all people dying? It's pretty nice Yeah, man, that was that was a nice had he had What can you do all right? Let's continue I mean yeah, you had vortex oh Oh Goodness all right dudes it's time for a duel. Let's see for this one Yeah, you get one shot Go down the road a little bit further, you know again Cut the corpses so you guys know how this works right basically be facing off against each other Keep your sensitivity as is one use mouse and keyboard. That's fine for this mouse keyboard controller Whatever you feel comfortable with So you'll shake hands turn around and when I give you the word you'll walk as slowly as possible When I say fire you'll turn around you'll fire one shot You just get one shot you can't dodge you can't go into prone you can't jump you can't move left or right You're turning around you're trying to kill the other person's quickly as possible All right guys, let's get some hand shakes going on Wow vortex with the super slow handshake more takes your sensitivity still the same dude probably right go left or right Greenhole vortex left right All right, that's good all right good deal all right All right good deal all right dudes turn around so you're back to back Everyone else please remain silent walk as slowly as the game will let you Fire Close close I was expecting from From vortex point of view but I could see Jeff was like nobody about to pull the trigger He was just finalizing there. There you go lands on it and then bam Right into his It's pancreas without lorgan's over there. I don't even know all right good game guys bit messy But that's that's probably the last one we'll try and do a real let game on PC. JJ