 release Very cool right there you go absolutely beautiful. Yeah, I still have a grenade can I just like chuck it away? Why do you have a grenade? Russian come stand over here by this tree. Oh, that's not good fire Everyone else lap shoulder to shoulder over here. We're gonna show what the drone looks like I have a combo or I know it release Step one. Yeah, gun chest level two take out your breach of drone and hold on It's been running a circle several times when yeah, whatever when you're ready release What you just witness was a direct And he didn't die what is going on well? What's going on everyone in this game is 300 health with no health regen So it'll take multiple hits tornado guy can you go back to your spot? For Abby So we're gonna go in this direction be scamming you'll be next we're gonna go clockwise Oh, and a direct hit next That five people over Well, no one died you hit tornado good stuff All right galaxy you're up All right galaxy please don't want to hear us. I want to see what we got at least once Let me try my dream One more hit Over there All right, next I can't tell if it's nowhere my screen is white, but I'm dead that is not a circle that is not Not a circle You did not say your first time to one back in this line back in the line you had your chance next Center the circle what is this what's so hard? Oh You killed me. Let's me your spot man go back over that's where you were know you're over there That's Yeah, I'm gonna die next time something like a butterfly I'm gonna look at this kill cam real quick here hang on Cobra Cobra I saw in my kill feed my kill cam you spun around you looked at me and then you let go No Kill him right do you set tree ready for the man can you please go over there? Everyone aim at that tree release Okay, this chaos all right next He got hit already man he deserves to hit somebody Good job next That was beautiful. I love that please go back up. I'm just moving towards me next next Next up y'all taking multiple hits I get hit one time I was out of there Oh I just Next like a day a few minutes before Next I'm dead. I'm so dead Oh, no, no, no second round. I I Wanting a lot from this one next Okay, hang on that was one look look that was one rotation somehow we only have five players left All right, I'd like you guys to just make a Pentagram I guess I don't know like yeah spread yourselves out Okay, this is good. This is good. No, it's not good. Who's what was saying good? No back up You want some space guys your goal would kill the other players and not kill yourself spread out night big spread big spread Express I will give you a pro tip stand next to offense is suicide. Why? Because the rest of the guys the drone was was right by them you It's gonna hit the fence and you're gonna die Okay, standing one foot away. We'll solve your problem. Absolutely anyway. Uh, all right Bart All right me. It's better. Okay great. Bart begin spinning fire from your current spot Next That's slow It's okay to your best. It's not a professional game. This is not the Olympics. I'm just gonna have some fun Next how did guns smoke did that kill because he's more damn me Okay, the finale will be a little bit different guys Lewis and And gun smoke and watch you guys stay in this field because as far of a distance as you can to me You cannot have any cover. I want you guys the I would say instead of like you know east west go like north south North south on path there. I go. Yes Yeah, that's good. I don't want you to have anything behind you guys perfect. All right, so rules are simple It's dodge ball except dodge drone You cannot aim at the floor If you're a drone hits the floor you automatically lose so aim higher your goal is to get a direct hit on the player Any questions of course not begin Yeah, guys are the roles perfect That's interesting. Oh, oh Like that's his fault he went up the hill Hey man went up the hill. We're gonna we get a replay We do here. We watch watch you went up the hill if you sit on the ground. He wouldn't find It was not a safe location go to he brought that upon himself. All right, Gigi guys We're gonna refine this mode and do a second round get ready All right, so we're gonna try another round here. It's gonna be mess here, but I think it'll be fun by think It'll be better if I get a view as a as a dead player so everyone Look at me on top of the house behind you Hold on to your drones Yes, what do you guys are not looking at me? There we go Hold hold release We shall bullet what's wrong with you? We have a nice guidance. She's the we's was firing bullets anyway, go back into the circle Why would you hide me? All right, there you go for those you want to join these games or our discord server now that I'm in the sky This is a really terrible Circle Very oblong hack attack back up That's going forward buddy There you go good all right, and you know what let's see Lewis also you back up and you quit jumping please You don't need to be right exit treatment and let's see Bart you back up a little bit Yeah, there we go. Okay, all right. This is pretty terrible, but you know what? Ork with until people die and we'll fix it all right, so the first the person to go first will be let me see who won that last game The last game was Angie Lewis are you alive are you in here? Yeah, Lewis yeah, it's a little set to the center and give it a spin dog with a tier 3. Thank you, man We'll spin the wheel later. All right, all right Go ahead Lewis spin around release Into the distance it goes great All right, we're gonna go clockwise next That is that is the game works I try to give you guys plates. I have no idea if they do anything Oh Now as the game moves on we will move players together making more dangerous but for now, you know I feel like people dying in Bro, let's go man. What are you doing? Delivery Most of keyboard you can put your sense there vertical That's a good hit right there. Oh, that's right on me next Yes That was right on my head That's a stupidity to like nothing To like nothing basically Yo, you know what's there for me Dead is ill Lows a direct hit I'm on I have no plate. I'm still you guys are not very good at going back to original spots Maybe look at the horse the left of the body All right next God this one we in it Wait what Close that spin and you can't park there how do people just not spin I'm being sure it's a visual glitch I'm not in the surface of some damage He has entered the ring Oh when all his glory is about to shatter some dreams Oh All right next Oh So I gotta get this pizza 30 minutes We have our first victim press at least they got the play of the game Next look as long as I'm gonna go drone once I feel like I've I've accomplished as a game host You guys something to say The work I'm holding triangle nothing happened That's the difference get on these over there Next let the center circle Yeah, I'll be from where you are and be the center bro. That's how it works It's not that bad it's not that bad from up here looks 10 around Definitely thank you that's close to the center the little cross-road area over there is his base always center Flies into the nature come on man Correct I know Don't feel bad you got to go first man. No All right for more people everyone will have gone once at least I am at least In the past we used to require a controller, but you know to be more inclusive We've we've allowed mice mice are not as nice, but Congratulations next two more players What is it? Okay, good job everybody Congratulations you survived go back to your original spot. It's time for the bonus round Everyone hold out your drone Everyone spin nonstop nice knowing you know I am dead release I'm alive I'm alive I'm like 2020 like they say all right guys make a circle in the center nicer circle That's right that's right Kale that's right man. Okay, so we're gonna play a new game A new round this is this is bonus round number two you can go around a circle and each of you guys can pick one person to peg with a flashbang You don't have a flashbang you can't play Flashbang was part of the rules let's see we're gonna begin with Russian you first man select one player and peg them with the flashbang will do a little bit of damage You have not a flashbang alright whatever screw up next man flashbang I don't got one next all right you know what everyone has a flashbang pick one person aim it at them Throw it Wow That's why flashbang is pretty shameful but what can you do all right break yeah was down to one HP in my plate to one go It helps I was saying in the Russian oh Oh Okay, so person who got Let's see where you are all right who got that killed jump up and down All right, how does you gonna go first man? So take out your drone spin and fire shot not in the center. You'll just stay where you are All right, there you go good luck. It's been full speed release randomly Oh Three more players I wonder if we should do a 2v2 like we just did that last round Three nah nah nah we're fine. All right next person clockwise Gonna be you Russian it's been acting I hang it. I want you guys spread out Otherwise you all of you guys gonna die at the same time all right. That's good. That's good. Nice square. All right continue Okay next a 420 Ooh you got some damage good job next It's like you're releasing like a dove into the wild next All right, we have three players left continue The most dark lord bring it home What's on top of the hills don't win get a double kill It's random man next All right, we have our our final two All I want up back I come face for the recording Okay, if you win this I give you a quiet all right All right, here's why I want you guys to go to where the chopper is in the snap. That's where the finale will be That was I'm gonna look at the map here really quick. That's gonna be to yourself Stop. Oh go. Yeah, all the yes Yeah, there we go. It's not too far Are we gonna try the rules one more time drones are not allowed to hit a floor You guys will both set in separate corners I Recommend South West and Northeast That makes sense Yeah, that works whatever where you guys are five stand inside the wall barrier Inside the wall bro inside the wall there we go there we go you guys can stay on your side of the the the the the helly Go to the rules more time You guys can run around your side you cannot hit the floor must hit the player Your play might be drug deploying two drones very quickly to pull the scare them or pull it off. So with that said Remember I don't want you to add immediately remember Dodge these drones again I think by me It's charging me don't worry bro This makes me want to break his ankles about the cat user stones a double tap. Yeah I just go ahead you can use your you can use your flashbangs too, but you probably want to wait until your drone is ready. Let's say let's go help That's a good idea. I forgot about the flashbacks. Oh my god Good. I need any died I want that replay Yeah Star-Cloor with the play It didn't the floor Yeah, I did it the floor though But when it happened directly here I think I would have hit the wall behind them if it didn't the floor anyway, so Now we need to ground though, so You decide who the winner is good game. I don't feel like preferring it out. I'm lost close All right, everyone aims straight up Release Pretty