 Hey, welcome everyone. Thanks for subscribing if you enjoy the video What is up everyone welcome back to black ops 2 I know I'm hyped for modern warfare later this year especially Honestly the most important thing to me for the modern warfare release this year Frost play that means Xbox playstation PC will all be able to play together and it's gonna make many of our lives Wait, you're especially for games like this, but now we're we're in black ops 2 I posted a black ops 2 video of this mode not too long ago, but it got interrupted by some scumbag Hacker jerk or whatever, but this time I Think we're safe. We'll see knock on wood Well, let's begin. So anyway one one of the time players will come to the center spin around and fire one shot at random just one and let's see what's gonna go first. It's gonna be Z gunner Z gunner you're up and we'll go clockwise for you man. I'm sorry counterclockwise for me Go ahead man. I'm sorry the first time. Great. Yeah, I can be great man. Just don't shoot me All right thunder you're up man it's a little harder control since everyone's at 14 sensitivity Spend it up, baby Hey, I'll start I'd say you can name him if you want you're not gonna hit me Well, it's so nice man. It's so nice. All right. Let's see who's up Tyson. What up Tyson? Black ops 2 when names of what people says we're easy to read I feel like all the recent call of duty is like tiny little red text Really cynical. Thank you for the sub man under Oh Go for it. Yeah, go ahead to the Monica if you get me I'll give you a trillion swift bucks Missed more so I'll be directing a trillion from your account after the game. No, I got no no Alright, she'll monkey's up next No one's gone yet. All right king go for it No fatalities yet everyone might get the take their turn this round No, you're all safe guys Nothing Hang on wrong spot here all right go ahead Hey It's called potato and bot where you were on you're on my right you must be on my right Whatever Snapper gets Tyson Tyson's out. That's a lot of reading the kill feed That's true someone died who actually got to play play a little bit there we go Maybe All right come on, don't show us what you got Speed up buddy Actually, I'm accent. Oh chill monkey and the crowd goes wild Next up he was spinning really slow He was fine. He when he shot you as speed was acceptable. He looked up on accident Simple No, and he misses All right be a mish that's not what the center of Your go dude, yeah, remember go back to where you're standing buddy. There we go remember when it came from all right We've got one rotation Zener is the gunner go ahead man That was one time everyone thinks I was boxed I wear boxes on my head every day that was like one event where we get One day will do another event and then we'll come back go for it Again jump out of third Head back Oh my god, I'm scared So after all right, I played Minecraft before man I'll be playing my oh Frozen's out and I will play Minecraft again More specifically I'll be playing that Minecraft Earth game when it comes out Minecraft Dungeons all play it to that looks like that's basically Minecraft Diablo that was one of the most exciting things for me three for me Like that sounds great King with the try all right who's this now Chris? Yeah, Chris supposed to be after me deliver Chris every time you take your turn you go back You try and go earlier in the circle man get get get just get over here stay next to me Keep my eye on you Little hamburger you Back up Chris whoa Nothing there you up all right Come on you new plow with the five months. Thank you very much man Yeah All right, they're not exposed to barrels you're fine Imagine The fire shotgun All right go for rep Slow it down there, buddy. You actually want to spin before you fire my boy dyslexic what's up man 26 months? Was she looking into those four night finals? Spin afterwards Beamish Or just been I land you'll fire get back in line All right, let's see here. Why hang on? Is he got her? Is he got her? This is around three we've had very few deaths It's time to change that so you guys guys will spin you'll fire twice go for it twice. Okay, yeah, twice one two Oh All right The fields are so strong. I feel numb to it. I guess all right, Alistair you're gonna miss me You you Alistair. I know you want to kill you, but you're not just just been around kill some other people Try you're gonna miss you will die before me. I guarantee it. Don't judge me. You're good. Don't judge me Just spin and take up your turns to someone else can go Yeah Good job on missing everybody get back in line All right next time jam go for it Well until I'm dead All right, Solid Sniper shows us that namescape namesake Oh All right Two kills The Monika demonic you can walk up to me you can examine my face you can you can you can you can memorize how I look you're not gonna hit me No, not happening. I know with my decks coming. It's not it's not my time yet. I don't want to look at any of you guys is if you die Oh, wow, no one that's a that's a shame Out of the shame Is that your turn? Yeah, your turn. All right. Go go go for it fall and snapper go for my toes the toe shot You're on my right by the way All right, all right sender well done man. You got me dude. I forgot to talk my trash before that spin all right Dog is up All right fall and slap or I'm using your eyeballs right now Yes, I believe this isn't have free cam. Yeah Not every game has free cam after you die if you like should be it off you can turn on Oh headless he just you know he got he just take his turn. They could have been worse Oh senders out all right. I've been avenged way to go sinful next Hey Beamish look buddy. I feel like we're I feel like we're in different worlds right now Everyone else black no get back in the middle man look dude get back to the center otherwise we need to kill you look man Everyone else did the two shot thing Just just spit around fire one more shot man and then then you're fine There we go go back to the side remember next time it's two shots if you're still alive all right go for a thunder East to I want to live all right thunder Oh who's getting echo no there's no echo What's this target now? It doesn't matter what target is he doesn't hit what he's aiming for come on come on All right You know it's good to have gold but you're realistic Like no one's no one's aiming at this speed unless you're like paman or something sounds snapper you're up Oh Meg was up two years A natural watch and post you said yes that sounds absolutely wonderful I congratulate you guys What what what what what what what what was that what was that left and right That's not what they're doing just been around you fire two times No There's no reversal that this is not who know there's no reverse just fire shots and go Yeah, we would do it all in though. Yeah, you failed god. I'm a phase east Do you want to give you a winner? So I have I have an enchilada for you oh All right back in line of you oh Oh someone off the line I feel like I'm not as strict as I used to be I'm still a jerk but I'm not as strict I'll get back into it don't worry guys yield the old Old Swift everyone wants a punch in the face. We'll come back That makes you're on the line as best as you can all right. All right. Let's go Yeah, take your time man no one else waiting for their turn So shamed Marcus how's it going dude Oh, I was using him All right thunder. I'm on you now man That hurt Oh No one's gotten two kills and one one turn yet They're getting worse and worse the people die That would be dead Man, I'm waiting for the proper multiplayer reveal for modern warfare so I can so I can show this one Elf and ask people how I can get it or make it happen Oh, be micheferna is out There he was he was in It's alright Yeah, where's man, I'm got I've got the game under control All right, there we go. All right, everyone get to the inner circle now The inner inner line the inner the inner the inner diamonds I know you guys I'm an old softie now. I'm not a fan of it When we move in we bring it back down to one shot because your cans of hitting are Are better you of course missed everyone in front of you, but that's okay All right go for one shot one shot please all right back in line I want to get taken out Demonic no the enchilado You know whether you're mister not doesn't really matter what matters more is that other people missing their aiming at you Get the enchilado Simple is out all right thunder you're up man people should spread out That's dude you had that been a while give him a break I should die Jim is out I think Alex Next All right look at one guy we'll go into two puggles five months. What's up? I want to be with Alex there, please All right Okay, you know you may get the day and you get the one kill. That's why you need The enchilado demonic. All right, everyone stop everyone stop you know what we're gonna do Everyone's gonna spin and when I give the word you keep on firing until one person dies All right, it's gonna be great. All right guys don't fire you but spin or one spin rumpy turtle dropping to get some Thank you very much man All right Begin firing now keep on firing Alistar is out rust in peace no no no we got it we got things under control here All right, we got thunder and demonic congratulations guys make it to the end Usually we do a duel and you know what we're gonna do a duel. We're gonna just gonna stick with tradition here So go ahead reload your gun. This is the way it's gonna work. You keep sensitivity exactly the same So meet up in the center diamond over here. I want you guys to shake hands Wiggle those wiggle those guns that's shaking hands. You know if you forgot no tea bag and that's tea bag You want to look up and down look at his feet then his head feet then head that's a handshake. We got it We got it great now turn around so you're back to back dueling positions Oh, it's a barrel there It's under your back. Oh, well, just a little bit so you guys have both of some good runway All right, there we go. Yeah, yeah, that's it. That's good. Yeah, there we go opposite opposite direction your flying Both you both have some room. Don't worry. You'll be fine. Don't worry. You're good. Oh, I can't control it You're fine. You're fine, man All right guys now here's how it's gonna work. No one's gonna yield any no one talks except for me now You talk and you're not me. We're not gonna get along So what's gonna happen is you're gonna walk as slowly as the game lets you when I say fire Um, you have to pivot there's no moving no dodging no jumping you turn around and you fire one shot That's it you get one shot. We're doing this traditional you turn around you aim you fire All right, all right guys walk as slowly as the game will let you I got bad reaction time What do you do? What stop number one number one both of you have disappointed me and everyone watching By your inability to follow supplement structs get back at you doing it again both you guys listen Let's do a test now without moving from your current spot turn around Oh, yeah, you see how easy that is that's all you got to do You turn so you turn like that aim with the other guy and then fire all right. It's not it's not rocket science You got this no worry All right here. There you go. Let's try this again walk no one else talk Walk as slowly as the game will let you Fire You miss you All you did was heavily embarrass yourself there Oh you guys both cheated You disappointed All right, thanks for watching thanks for subscribing drop a like if you want to see some More black ops two videos all right fun game guys one game classic