 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says we're on rust obviously now some good times good times with less of you Swiftress says look at the person next to you I do alright this is gonna sound like discrimination, but You know take it out you will if they have a helmet melee them Pretty good pretty good Swiftress says crouch You jump buddy Swiftress says stand Now I know one of the bad feelings is you wait all the time against a lobby and then the uh You know if you die in the first minute or two it's like ah you know it's heartbreaking which is why someone says crouch Pretty good pretty good we got thought I said melee This is a veteran lobby folks Okay everyone to the top of the all right go ahead You're waving no sir Swiftress says carpety m come with me man We're trying to communicate with your partner over there Now look at the others aiming at me so I kept telling him no They kind of look like it because I just keep seeing like Aiming so that's why kept telling him now. So what we're trying to prevent exactly like bullets go with your skull like this No I'm just kidding man go back to the life Ha ha ha ha this is a really good lobby. So just let's go back to the line That's also kind of real watch your youtube videos. I appreciate that man. Thank you. All right All right cool Are you guys are gonna fall for the for the easy tricks? I appreciate that Swiftress says everyone stand on the ramp over here Anywhere the ramp is fine as long as standing on the ramp You Got to feed these vultures in the background again hungry oh Jesus My iconic loadout I'm surprised we got no brand new players today or Society to pull in new people All right cool Swiftress is aimed straight up So it does make sure you have a weapon the fire is bullets up Swiftress says fire one shot Our two shots There's a lot of players Swiftress says aim at the person who fired those two bullets if you know who they are Guilty goober was it you snitches gets digits. So this is goofy goober fire one shot for you, please Wait So does this climb fire one bullet in a safe direction I was like Follow me No No problem look club You can live look at the dude is just looking at the killer he was Yeah, no one else that's correct. All right, so does this club you can live what your challenges You need to get to the top within 10 seconds any route you'd like you ready Swiftress says yeah 10 seconds 10 9 8 I think that's not very well. I think you got it's four Two One and a half One and a quarter One And nine There you go Nice And eight 0.7 0.6 0 Oh I work on my count I was hoping she would try and get past you guys here on the ramp that that was what I was hoping for all right All right Simon says look at me So it says let's see here sort of stupid. Oh, who's that that's A Lightning come on down All right lightning I don't know if you're looking at me but you aren't supposed to stop looking up. So just lightning please stand over here. Yeah Lightning where'd you get your name from? Why by the way, so does everyone can look at us now What's the what's the origin story for your name lightning Um, I just like lightning. Yeah You're doing a roleplay lightning roleplay like imagine you're like a lightning bolt No, I read it not okay. That's all right. I wouldn't want you to know. I think that's very difficult anyway How about we roleplay as a lightning rod? Softer says light them up No, dude, why would you shoot You What happened there man? You're not noticed stupid setting in front of you or do you just not like stupid well what's really there? Well, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, we're nobody shaming in this lobby folks Right dude, have you played with us before? You can you can shake your head no or say I don't hear you He's speaking Oh, is he mimic mimic is that you director? Hi sir. I you definitely. I'm sorry. Then I miss any really funny things that you said Um, let's fix that. What does this stand right over here? All right, so first things first are you are you a fan of Pokemon Benny chance Uh, a little bit. Yeah, good good good good. All right, softer says if you can name 10 different Pokemon within 18 seconds you live begin Lucario Evie Torres champ Luxray Right right you You're missing one you're missing one What's the most famous Pokemon Unload Super says I didn't say super says a load goes work. Come on down. Oh Hard things in the pressure guys hard to do things in the pressure Wow hard all right, so it says go swore. Please stand up over here All right, no swore here. That means something you know a lot about Um sports okay, good, but with which swarm particular Baseball baseball okay All right, so does the go swore You have two options you can either do a mini game then involved with saying sports teams baseball teams or ones involve Pokemon What do you choose baseball teams? Okay, good. Softer says say 10 baseball teams within three seconds begin one That's impossible You said I set you up for failure All right, it will act as impossible. Let's do the mega machines guy. Is that too old? Might tell him my age. Yeah, probably all right great everyone jump Oh Womp Excuse Movie man you're moving around For you being forced fed that's not a sharp. Please stand over your men will happen rock and be moving around And you have to go you have to go Yeah, no problem then Softer says send him their express I wanted a killer All right, oh what happened oh look at that my my chat stop pick up the Twitter chat that's annoying I will work on that anyway All right now for real swifter says everyone jump once All right next to me if they do it fast or the wise you gonna die Swift who says last person to jump dies So it was game free come on dead As a close call man close one So it was as a sign for you to play a little bit of uh Reverse board patrol. So does this follow me Softer says stand right here Your job will simply to be They get inside the blue container over here. Swift says you guys are not allowed to fire at the blue container Softer says all of you guys get the fire a single bullet only Also don't shoot me. I'll be right here. Softer says gamer freak good luck You use up your bullets Hey case what does says go You can do it man No way you got the kill this shot guy I didn't even show my weapon I actually used mine stem Okay, even because actually a pretty powerful shot gun Okay, all right Softer just low All right, let's try that again All right, uh this time around let's see here All right, we need more players to that mini game. All right last five people crouch play Now let's fall for that Swift says everyone's at a top Not a time for those you don't want to join these games we select players via Out of the way On our discord server just search for Swift or discord on your search engine and join up See you there. You don't need a pair or whatever Although I wouldn't mind if you did Swift says to the top it's not too hard. It's man to up there take the ladder either routes fine Swift says don't block anybody. It's not the challenge These foxes in the sun if I give you a really impossible challenge because you're supposed to die That's all making a little you know, adding a little spice to it great Swift says so does choose any position you want at the top Try and figure out what I'm gonna make you guys do and position yourself maybe maybe make a good gas. It'll have better odds surviving All right, Swift says freeze Great job All right Swift says the last person to jump down the ladder shoot dies go Oh, let me down. Oh, yoder you're screwed That's sliding Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, who freaking cheated? I guess draw You right All right, hang on who's the guy who jumped off the side I saw that off the summit I too That was that was me. Joroi what happened man I well, so does this joroi cast come on come on down I Got this cast We're gonna play one of those game like one of those uh there's this show in the uk where like two people are Right in the game showing they're making a deal if they both agree to like you know share this share the prize Oh, though one of the matres the other they get the entire prize if they both betray each other They both die. So I want to do one of those Yeah, I don't want to do one of those precisely. I've definitely done stuff like that. Well, it's one of those So does joroi cast please aim at each other All right, so just as no talking from anyone get out of the way over there No shot sorry you should probably so just go over there. Sure I'm not being the left fire. All right So what just says no more talking simply listen to the rules So just as this is directed only at joroi and cast All right, so this is when I fire my gun you have two choices fire or not fire So what just says If you fire and the other person does not You get to choose Five people to play a terrible border patrol game I came up with earlier. They're all gonna die um If you guys both don't shoot Then you both live no mini game or whatever and uh both of you shoot Meaning I see shots exit here. You know you're your guns Uh, then you both die that is a rule. So just think about what you want to do So just as everyone else look at their guns. I want to know what you see. I believe they're barrel or not All right, so just says Wasn't carefully for my shot to reveal your choice No, wow all right you both live so just go back to the group Wow That was the most boring choice ever but you know sure Oh, yeah, it was the right choice both the boring choice All right, so if you says make a circle let's do something less boring The applause I know right because you get applause. Oh, no, I think I'm gonna I know what's gonna happen Hey, you should over please. Thank you Oh, this is legendary Beautiful now. Oh, don't I meet that I don't want to meet this Girl oh come a little back 10 man Bro, we got the right. It's five. No five. All right. All right, let's do the right chill Put the says right shields behind you Although although if you would like to have your right shield in front of you I'll give you that option if you'd like But you must crouch right now sort of scratch you want easy right chill in front of you Great sort of says well, I approve your decision in front of you good job. So does violet move to the center Why would you think I'm not a sadistic psycho that's crazy. This is aim of violet eight All right Roosevelt you might be able to might be able to survive this I recommend spinning as fast as you can Swift as they're going to give our one bullet if you'd like Great Swift says aim your gun at any other player in that circle. I bet it Wow All right good Shucks. Swift says no more talking This is gonna test your knowledge Of oh, let me see here. Let's see your holidays today's same Patrick's day But you know, let's let's side by other holidays. Sleshing on holidays. Swift says when I say the name of a real holiday Feel the person you're aiming at that's one person kill more than one person. I'll kill you All right here. I'm gonna pull up a list of fake for a real holiday, so I don't mess this up All right, good All right Swift just says the game begins now say turn up stay Um First of mass destruction Hmm I should really come over I should really make up this stuff at a time ask for turn up stay I I'll president day liquor Hmm Rainbow road day Rocky road day Summer's Eve Ball Can I get revenge can I get revenge during the please Go hang on hang who got kill butter toasters when butter toasters as a real holiday Kill carbonium amazing amazing Christmas There you Yes, it says crouch In this game yesterday Swift says face away from the circle That's just please I'm so if you're sensitive as high congratulations. This is gonna be a good game for you Last person will consider the circle dies go Oh All right, so it says looking inside the circle means you die Looking inside the circle last means you die Not say Swift says Oh good job everyone Swift says inside the blue container Oh, this is bad Wow All right So if you says everyone crouch All right now for this one you get to use unlimited ammo. I'm dancing on top of the container The person who kills me when I say go gets to run the rest of the game Ready set go That would be waiting for that well it happened in this game bro shot up Yeah Swift says fire one shot No Oh If that is the case then attack you will forgive you. So just attack or do you forgive shotgun? Absolutely not And unfortunately he's a bloodthirsty Irishman so you're kind of screwed Please stand up In front of me dog Swift says fire two more shots All right, so it says last person on top the blue container dies go Oh no watch out YoD I'm not sure enough I goofed up all right. I should give you guys more less help Just that's all right Swift says go into prone please All right All right Three of you are gonna die only three morning three people die we do a very dangerous game Yeah, I only want listen carefully. I only want a total of three people to die If more than three people die or less than people die it will be a punishment for everybody Swift says go One two three four Jay Swift says half of you guys inside the container half of you guys in top of container You killed a home man That is not We got On top of the line eight Maybe one more on top Six 14 To be eight and eight eight or sorry close that why do you eight people up here? All right, Nightwalkers, what does this go inside please So it says you guys must be on this container over here otherwise it's not fair All right games real simple you guys are on teams with the you know with the people you're with You leave the container. I kill you last team survived wins Swift says go Hey You're not the container comes in So what does this continue Oh, all right, that's it game over so just a stop Oh my god, yeah, they be on this container guys We have three players left. We have SG Jack and baby yoder you somehow survived Syrians like Shokunloon on lower surface as you three follow me I've been a tackle As a heads up man A lot of folks here I can't be very body, but uh I'm advocate for fairness and snob being murdered As I believe hopefully most people are as well. All right, so does the three follow me All right, we got three people left kill each other Good I'm gonna play a little game here guys to be a little dangerous. It's gonna be guns only by the way. So just take out your guns I'll explain how the game works Oh Well, that's really bad anyway Now fog to the top I'll explain the science of this mini game Falling from the top will not kill you, but it will reduce your health to being very low Here are the rules When I give the word you you'll be able to jump off hit the ground and once you're in prone You can then fire at other the other two players the last remaining player lives There's some considerations right you jump first maybe you'll regen first Actually, I don't know actually I'm not thinking about it. Maybe it makes sense of jump first after all Anyway, no melee allowed And you're only allowed to fire once you go into prone Dolphin diving off is legal I guess I'm content all right any questions Oh try to appreciate that So if this does go prone Must remain in prone will you get the only fire went in prone You're gonna climb over you always fumbles GG's yoder I'm the bad guy dirty. I should have said these remain in prone, but hey you're the winner there I go you are what's your what's your victory speech Yo, I'm glad to be here Shout out to everybody here and go check out my twitch There you go could a good twitch mod set up up for a shout out GG man The game's this game, but yeah, there's a fat version standing in front of you do not shoot