 What is up dudes? We'll moving around help you dodge a random bullet. Let's find out What is up dudes welcome? We're trying a new game of a new version of snapper or a lot Usually everyone's kind of standing in one spot this time I figure you know it get folks a chance to kind of you move around trying to dodge the bullet So I'll call their names to go to the center the spin around and everyone else will be able to stay within the circle They can jump they can run but they can't prone. They can't crouch. Let's begin. Let's take wild Nick come on down All right, go ahead. Everyone can start moving around if they want see I stay you guys to up here. That's all Don't drop off all right Wild Nick whenever you want whenever you want to go dude Trailer Let's get ready. All right. Let's see done nicely done while Nick next up hungry to the center Here I'm gonna start spinning but don't fire just yet. I'll let you when you get sorry. What else can start moving around Start dodging. I'm just gonna I'm just gonna wiggle from left to right It's rough man. It's rough. All right fire whenever you ready dude. Oh All right. No pay tout is next up spy guy you're going to the center dude Goon a Hollywood All right everyone you've a subaction if you want you can stay still you don't want to like move around We walk and up to him if it's one they have to feel like I want to be like as far away as possible. All right spot guy go for it All right, no one all right last year last wait your next All right last wait start spinning everyone else All right, whatever you're ready last week go for it Not too bad all right cheese monkey Let's start spinning evade Whatever you're ready dude. Oh there you go all right, so this is make my life easier when I call you to the center And I say start spinning just assuming you can start moving around and you can start firing in about three four seconds All right next up. Let's take low key Go for it Day anything I shot collateral Well it goes old and those nibble All right First collateral the night probably not the last all right martini you're next Go for whatever you're oh Spagga I rip I think I was just there I will next almost there next up Mason All right, it's been a way dude Oh Skittles you got Curly man you're up next All right, whoa all right next up I'll eat a boss go for it spin around Skydog go for it Mexican Oh Cheese monkeys out Pass a lot you You guys getting ready it's not really a center, but Fine, all right. Let's recap who's dead a moment of silence for Spaguy trailer cheese monkey o to sleep Neblu and screaming Skittles, but Let's let's resume all right low key you're up Sorry Next up wild Nick While martini next cross my head Wamy's no way me's no way me's Last way gone Mason you're next If I was an inch closer that would have been a clap Oh Imagine this in real life dude that'd be a YouTube video Mexican Last one That'd be viral that was fast man slowed down next time Hungry hungry go ahead as you're all right having gone goldy with the sub thank you goldy much appreciated man The deep web there is a mushroom left video Ha ha dark web all right curlie you're up You're not gonna shoot me. Oh my gonna shoot you're asking we're gonna try to shoot me. Oh hang on I just got a With curly your off I should take a turn all right all you mean second. I'm gonna take a turn dude All right good luck dudes Run if you want stay still this matter because right now someone dies Or they don't Which slope he's he's still in there he's been standing there the whole game he hasn't Yeah, so it's legal. That's fine legal. It's fine sure I think it's fine if a bull goes or he's Wow All right, let me see Skydog Sky dog Sky dog dog from the sky Sky dog Dog sky Nice all right next to Pat's Lad All right, let's see how we look in here all right good didn't lose to many players that time all right next so I think we're gonna We're gonna speed up a little bit. We're gonna start firing two shots. So low key go for it Hang on who's like opening up your dungeon door early. Tell me close it again Do we know who that is I'll be able to tell now all right turn on my line notifications all right all right wall Nick you're up two shots Hang on buddy hang on buddy low key Look Wait hang on didn't low key will go already Dude Loki Dude you're not tonight you're turning somebody fell off with the circle all right. No, it's hot back on No, you can hop back up low key dude get out of the center man All right, if you think you should die put point snap rebels in the air now. Let's have a democratic vote. Should he die? Did I try to do that make you sweat? Oh You can hear me already Amazing shot all right next up wild Nick go for it Maybe that was a guy with the noisy microphone maybe he had to be discarded to like you know the torquer chamber Ash be easy four months in a row. Thank you, man Okay, wild Nick for the 15th time get your ass in the center. Thank you very much Circle bro. Oh back up bro. I'm gonna say I'm a side. Is he we know where wild Nick is The guy 48 thank you for subscribing dude Where is he? Japanese and Russia on this game yet Well, Nick does he just not hear me is he none boys chat Wild Nick do you hear me? Can you be here Swift? Oh, okay back. I'm good Oh That's weird Well, Nick you're up man There we go Two shots man another one more one more there we go all right next up Mason Already oh if you want to go for it I'm gonna do Make sure down's level All right next up Ollie No dice towel you're up Now to my god hungry you're up All right Curly man Skydog go next to me All right, we saw a lot of people left alive something sent for just a good old Spins out what why is why are you way crouching bro? All right, like where is this all right, so everyone starts spinning when I say fire fire one shot all right everyone spin Fire wow You know That was a cool bonus round All right, let's see here. What can you just speed this up a little bit? Let me think for a moment so we're all over here Hmm Three shots this is a grease number shots all right while Nick you're that's weird Why does my thinking about going for like yeah, I feel like something wrong my controller anyway while Nick go for it three shots man Calling out we lost curly Next up, let's take Mason Whoo Maybe I know man like some of a head jog all right towel Whoa, oh Skydog's out one more All right, who's next Mason this Mason did you go yet? How about hungry Hungry Pat sled all right hungry and Pat sled all right hungry first Nice Lad you're up Yeah, I'll take a turn if I survive all right my turn good luck Nothing We have we have six left right? Yeah, so let's do another bonus round. Let's just do it Back for this one. Let's let's all move to the small the small circle in the center stand on the white line The center most white line All right, let's see we can thin this out a little bit Yeah, I mean I figure at least four people are dying from this one Maybe three Back up son back up I predict three swift I think I think three is the right one All right, everyone spin Fire Just one all right, you know Lucky I guess and begins again. All right. We're gonna increase the five shots Let's be crazy. Yeah, all right wild Nick you're up Five shots go Everybody here All right nice, okay, all right towel you're up five shots Whoa Yeah, yeah, take your last shot. Oh All right, who's who's next? Pat sled Go for it. Oh, man Yeah, slow Yeah, that was six six six Learn a count buddy next is Hungry hungry's up I think I'm on down man the middle Oh, well, Nick out Three players next you know how I like to end these all three guys to the center make a triangle All right, so listen carefully when I guess all keep on spinning when I say fire you can keep on firing until one person dies Once one person dies you stop. I'll also try and yell stop. So first start spinning don't fire yet Now keep on firing Oh my god, oh shit. Oh shit We love reload reload Oh, that's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it Pat's lad bit the dust Yeah hungry and towel are guys now keep your sensitivity exactly the same. That does not change here. All right It's gonna be difficult. I want you guys to go To the outside area behind you with the kind of where the opening kind of leads No, no, no, no, like look towards the towards the towards the wall towards the water guys towards the water Right here. Yeah, yeah, and the puddle is fine. All right, so you're gonna do a duel. So in the duel you're gonna you know shake hands Turn around yeah Do I need to give the tutorial to guys understand it? You'd be fine, right? Yeah, all right great. So shake hands gentlemen There you go. Thank you for the cheer guys much appreciated. All right, so turn around so you're back to back And I'm gonna ask you to walk whoa well back to back homie. What you doing? All right, I'm gonna ask you to walk as slowly as the game's gonna let you and when I say fire you turn around and you only get to use one bullet you can only use one bullet So walk as slowly as the game will let you and wait for my for my work You can you can aim yeah sure Walk as slowly as the game will let you Come on bro, you need to actually move there we go All right Fire Oh, I'm too bad the last kill cam's not the actually it's the collateral probably yeah Yeah, look like it all right gg guys. I'm gonna we thought the thoughts were unlike you know moving around Can try and see if it could spice up some other ways, but gg can gratitude to to towel on the wind Dude's as always thank you for watching my videos really means a lot I always want to share with you guys. I'm now officially sponsored by soilin. I don't get least two bottles a day It's a meal in a bottle tastes good Chocolate's my favorite flavor coffee original close second Links in the description for it check it out make me look good and really I think you're gonna love it chocolate all day baby. Thanks for watching dudes