 Yeah, what is up everyone welcome back to some shot gonna relek this is a special version using Dragon's Breath round everyone's aim straight up Give a quick demonstration aim straight up aim your gun straight up What the hell oh yeah, and Fire one shot There you go like fire works all right. Okay one shot. So we need guys. All right cool and we'll look back down So everyone's been one at time Uh and our one shot randomly at full speed So let's see what's going first First player is Tuba all right, too, but you're gonna stay right there man your neighbors are in danger I'm gonna go ahead and end these bets if you watch it switch you watch our live recordings at twitch.tv4tslastswifter You can place bets and who you think will win all right that's done though Look we fixed the audio that's awesome all right so Well Tuba go for meant spin full speed No crouching no dodging there we go and save and we'll go we'll so clockwise so next up it's gonna be Elks you're up man Oh Everyone's got 60 health so it can be tough It's you know it's gonna happen all right airline you're up next man here we go Yeah You're good she's monkey you're up Can't look look at that speed Roasted all right all right next up Lewis go for it. I can't look Oh, oh you survived that all right there we go it's sounds like a little bit of hit marker there There is no health gen enabled so if you catch a little bit of health marker it's gonna reduce your chances of surviving later on all right All right you're up next Lewis is out you know at least they have to play right you spun all right monster you're up next or stay in your spot guys no moving from your spots monster Wow bro Warchester you're up next Oh JXY oh Go figure This is the way it goes well hang on don't resume yet all right I'm the cameraman the dead cameraman all right next Troy Troy you're up man you guys got paint and see your turns Oh All right, sorry is just join the club next WKN By the way, you know what I want you guys to say who you're like you know your name before you spin So I don't get red names. They're where so next up say your name then spin Galaxy yeah go for it Oh Barat rest in peace next up oh Two hit markers there all right all right they're fine next Good old ice dog portrayal guy Oh take that all next essential Whoa next Uh, I'm a lixer and bam oh Next up Oh Crash landing right there all right out you're up again man there are plenty of people dying right now So no need to make the circle smaller Let's go next keep on going Oh I got the go twice next Oh give me another kill oh double over there All right, that's in peace licks around also next Set your name before you spin boys monster Next So we're next next Oh long range you know you didn't take that hit marker earlier probably would have survived next Uh, throw it up Next Oh Okay, next Next man that that that that that that trash bin is taking some serious serious lack All right one more one more before we Hey, go ahead you gotta call your name all right move in guys is make a smaller circle But spread yourselves on that smaller circle It's a nice says quickly when you got there It takes time it takes time you guys are pros look at that beautiful beautiful look at look at look at how nice that is All right, let's hear that's Hard to watch All right Uh, six of you guys are set up to be collateral, so I would recommend uh working on the circle a little bit more Oh, no, no you are five man. I still get back in there The other guys The ones on the other star I would go to the left a little bit and spread out Yeah, Alexie take one step back She's monkey take one step back That's good there we go you guys will find out there you go all right all right, so we're gonna continue with uh Let's see Alex all right, Alex go for men And All right rest some peace monster all right next Kill every time she's monkey go for it Next Well, it's out roasted hang on hang on don't take your turn yet. Don't take your turn yet. This is uh This is a fun little thumbnail shot right here. I'm gonna get a get a quick shot of that Oh, yeah, that looks great. Yeah, snap that Yeah, man, that looks fun. All right, you guys can continue You All right, Ross Troy Trash him WKN What do you think so price next up Next boy Next high-stog Oh All right, please wait reorganize a circle again move in smaller circle There we go look at that we were down to the final seven All right, that looks like a Christmas tree Uh You know if I left uh, if the map was always on me a little bit easier for you guys to figure out I know it's a little bit tough when you're first person all right that looks good perfect those are your spots stop All right, let's continue Oh no More treasures your turn to there you go. Oh I try Next Oh, rest in peace killer nation next six players left Galaxy yeah, Galaxy. Oh and Always got next Here we go I just uh oh Well, that's how the circle is gone next give on going next One more one more tires yeah Well, what what what what is that bro? I spent around fire shot Save it for yourself for your montage buddy. All right guys make make us make us make a square make a square Well Well, the square look like what does the square looks like if only our education system is going almost That's good. That's a great uh Square is not that oh, that's pretty good. Yeah, you guys are fine. Ish Not perfect, but no, no, yeah, there you go. Just stay where you are. It's fine Actually, I will say bonus run j mood j moving a little bit Good good there we go and now no not done yet war chest removed or moving towards galaxy a little bit A little bit to your left Yeah, there we go stop a little bit to your right Stop Whatever, okay great we're gonna do one bonus round guys everyone spin But only pull the trigger once when I give you the word everyone spin will speed Ready ready fire Oh No deaths no deaths Let's try let's try that again spin around please Fire What the hell all right hang on hang on let me get let me get an overhead all right one more time if it doesn't work We'll just go back to normal everyone spin Fire All right, that's what it is all right. Let's see who's gonna start it off. I'm gonna spin around and it'll be Warchester spin around dude you're first All right next Next Next All right, everyone hang on hang on hang on hang on hang on Ever ever moving a little bit more let's make it a small small square That's good. That's good there we go guys nice nice I like I like your sense of spacing yeah, yeah chill man you are Yeah, man Okay, all right Warchester go for it Next Next it just missed Next this one's gonna hit here we go Chase all right stop stop we'll get straight down buddy. I don't know if that affects your hipbox But I don't want you doing it next he's looking on spinning I know I know Been corrected next Next I'm gonna do I'm gonna spin the other way wow mixing it up And stop stop stop stop all right. That was two rotations. I remove it one step closer Yeah, all right all right Warchester go for it go for it I'm too late For what you know that that's not possible like MVP don't spin Top four trash can try go for a man I stock All right stop Time for a bonus round again everyone spin around make sure you reload All right spin One shot fire And we lost Jay there we go there we go Replayers remaining all right guys give me a favor move over to Towards the east a little bit basically. I don't want to eat any corpses near you Yeah, that's good there we go nice here we go. It makes it easier to kind of like from you doing overhead All right, great Well get a little bit closer guys Okay, this is it's time for the final the final roll out we you back in the day we should do one D ones You know one D ones are fun and all but it's not really in the spirit of the game The spirit of the game is all about just RNG So we're gonna have players spin around nonstop when I give you the word you will keep on firing until there's only one player left All right So step one spin Oh Keep on spinning Fire keep on firing Keep on spinning. Oh there we go. Come on. And that's it. Oh nice Was that ice dog you won? Yeah, congratulations ice dog. What's your shout out man? Oh Oh guys follow me on twitch ice dog double underscore joker you got the best Look at that look at that man Holy crap I was expecting that round to last a while considering how how many shots were missed earlier All right good game guys if you enjoy the stream maybe want to watch live or if you want to be even being the game or place bets Swing by twitch.tv forge slash swift or press the hard icon to follow channel and turn on notifications See you guys then good game everyone Hey guys, thanks for watching the video So got two options for you over here So over here this is what youtube thinks you'd want to watch next and I picked this one pick the one you think is more interesting. I'm curious to see what the stats are See you guys next video