 Make sure you tap the bell so you never miss a video. It's right next to the sub button. Thanks guys What is up, you know, bros welcome to snap or a lot. We're on cryogen What is a really nice map on the outside inside it's kind of dull and dark, but we're all rocking the dragon fire Camo that that was given out for the headshot rewards thingy, right right all right. I contributed exactly Zero headshots But okay, let's Let's begin so I'm gonna pick the person's gonna start spinning. Let's see here it's gonna be That's got you my friend and then we'll go let's say Counterclockwise to you so that's got spin around for a sexy. I've no idea you're looking real life So I'm just sitting here sexy No death. All right next up is Kira go ahead bro Next You guys go on Instagram bros. You know who you are your pain attention. Oh Money money didn't get the fire a single shot Oh, you know the person next to you is the most like the god wow look at that like city Curly man is out those be a collab My turn ladies and gentlemen Hang on for a second hang on hang on hang on let's all move in a little bit. We're kind of spread out Let's move it Should be some space between you and the other person but not too much a little bit of breathing room come on Look at that. Look at if you have a huge gap next to you move on a little bit closer There we go there we go All right, that's great Looks good to me. Let's resume Was right by me All right, no need for those trick shots, bro. You stand your feet Oh Amy Jade No, I knew it I knew it I knew it all right God damn spectators curse I'm not gonna tell you guys from spectating Well your life is in danger right now Oh Dude next time wait for this event to finish before you fire bro. It's not a race. Oh Oh Cooper stop moving bro Oh Nick saw is out If you sent your vertical sensitivity to one your shots will go off into space Just approach him. You're a stroller who happens to be dead right now Wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait he didn't get to go yet dude You bro didn't you just spin around and reload Get off your shot There you go Yep skip wait no you already want bro wait dude don't try to get something though first and after you yeah that guy Ripped in All right stop stop it's time for a bonus round And everyone snap rifles out spin around when I give the world you know fire a single shot everyone spin There you are Harry wrong button fire And only one person died darkweight. Who was crouching over there? No, it's cuz I have Amos aim button on the coach button on it's gonna aim bot what no aim button and coach Not mom the thumbstick all right all right. Let's continue Cooper Stop It's time for It's time for Double shot. Oh that looks terrible. All right. That the second camera thing didn't work out. I need work on that but You're be taking two shots each you're gonna spin around take two shots then stop All right, come here go ahead Oh, Harry why you roll a lot for guys Stationary there are your boys and girls Second up again Why you crouching bro All right next rule change wait everyone move in closer please go back to single shot All right cool resume single shot Oh Monkey gamer Yeah, heroes you Ah Oh, I'll spy taming from him. All right, hang on. One sec. So we got 17, Kira and Kubeir. All right, go ahead. Just want to take a little, a little look at the leaderboard. Get a feel for it. Oh, and Kubeir is out. All right, congratulations to Kira and 17. All right, how much you guys did not or shake you had? Do you guys know how to do this duel? Have you watched this mode before? All right, those look like nods. Okay, good deal. All right, you can do that right on this platform. So just find like a straight-edged line to work off of. Something... Yeah, that works. Somewhere bright. Nice, nice. All right, me and the center are over there. Perfect. So I'll call for you dudes. You'll shake hands. You'll turn... That was... Shake those hands, bros. Shake those hands. There we go. Sportsmanship is very important in this community. Oh cool. What's that on your shoulder? Is that a cartoon's logo? No, I don't think so. But yeah, all right. Turn around, so you're... Back to back. Walk as slowly as the game will let you. And when I give you the word, you're gonna turn around and you get one shot. No jumping. No dodging. Turn around. And you... Fire! All right. 17 gets it. Going good. Way to go, 17. GG! GG. All right, let's see one more round. I had a fun idea that I wanted to try out. So, uh... Let's... Let's give it a go. All right, time for a fun bonus round. Stay right there. All right. My internet just decided. All right. I don't know if we can actually finish this game. We'll try it out. So everyone's got two stickies and... We're gonna spin around. And throw the sticky. And... Maybe some will die. Maybe they won't. I don't know. So let's get out. Let's pick our first person. It's gonna be... Just close to earlier. I think it's... Harry. All right. So I just... Just spin and throw one sticky. Yep. Nothing. All right. Next up. Come on. That's nice. Shit. That's wrong. And that's a lot of people. Kira, Theska, Curly, Samurai. All right. Who's next? Oh. Monkey Gamerts here. Don't get us killed, man. You got us killed! What? What? Well, he didn't die. All right. Let's go ahead. You whoever's next. All right. Well, he didn't die. All right. Let's go ahead. You whoever's next. All right. Well. Rip. Next. That it? That's quite big. Quite big radius. Yes. The pack of punch. Oh, we killed him. This game might end. It's fine. If you can get that shot, it's over. Actually, the next game is left. Let's try it anyway. Good. Good. Good. Throw. All right. That's it. You got another guy's left. All right. It's not sound for a duel. So I want you guys to, um... Turn around right now. Don't worry about chicken rants. I want you to run in that direction for about five seconds. Go. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Stop. Looks straight up for me. Gentlemen, this is a one-on-one. Anything goes last person alive wins. Go. Anything goes. Go ahead. You need to special phase. Yep. Keep back out of that. No! And Dane gets it. All right. There we go. Congratulations, Dane. All right. I'm glad we just finished the match. I'm not glad that I died. We did it. Thank you. Two games in the row. I didn't get to throw grenade or shoot it. There's always next match. But yeah, that sucks. You've seen it. I think of the toss. I think of the turn itself. Don't feel too bad. All right. I'm just trying to prank my other second camera. No good. All right. GG guys. Check another video on the screen. Support the channel. And I'll see you guys next video. Thanks guys. GG.