 Swift The- What is up dudes, we're on Duncark everyone's got a shak-gun when he's spinning around in a circle fire on a player and, you know, oh random so let's see who's gonna go first The last two players lived in a little minigame. The first random Shot will go to This well-dressed man are right here. Who is this goes killer? Have a seat man in the center That was I standing there you know stand there you go all right goes go for man spin around full speed and fire shot random Legit too legit to live oh man what a poor soul look at that you wear it hasn't neat hat to Rest in peace my friend rest in peace. Oh, that's that sadness. All right. I feel like the I should be on the slope All right, so let's see. Let's go counterclockwise, which means it's your turn Philly fan. Go ahead dude Philly fan whatever you ready dude go for it And no dice I know fatalities everyone goes on I'm gonna die then come on down That's counterclockwise Okay Philly was gonna go next but now he's dead Did he already want oh he did oh I was gonna play man more than you can say for For ghost no ghost ghost when it was anyway go ahead come on down general A little bit more to the center. I like how you're aiming at me. So you try and take my life Optic phase pro no scope go for it show me kill it there you let's go I pronounce my name as you go for don't ask why that's too hard man. I'm gonna call you why all right Back into the circle you go Next next Arcus call you you who is this I don't even know who you are well whoever you are to spin around shoot undercover sucks for this but go ahead Be scraper All right go for it man. I'm sad man Look that over there an amazing age of speed All of life and he got the play don't feel too bad for him all right next up Who's a lot? Who's gonna be part of the miracle of Duncirk not you apparently next go for it? I just killed me just kill me. I got you Oh, I'm sitting there. No. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it's not in there. It shows you that's no bueno go back into the See I'm back at your spot man go back to your spot Yeah, you don't know you know no you don't you don't get to go again, buddy. Go back to the circle. I'm trying to go again. All right Wow, you there He tried Asian wait But what was wrong with that? I'm dead. Oh And she was out breast and piece back into the line guys. I don't remember where you were before you'd out of the circle Hey, you actually made it Yeah, I can't believe it Use the only one that takes them out every time And No one died all right, gentlemen sign for the bonus round. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, actually do you go yet? Oh, Jackie I got it go ahead. Go ahead Jack Spin around home slice Oh, all right there you are so gentlemen It's time for what we call the bonus round everyone's gonna spin around except for me and then When I say fire just fire one shot just one so everyone please spin if you can dizzy just close your eyes Oh So did I Dead it's very hard to read names You call me I know I'm in a live longer than I thought all right dudes way to go Let's have everyone move into a little bit closer here. Oh boy. Let's get past Don't lose place though. I bet you know boy blano Rip man Rip man, no Actually, everyone look to your left Wait at Jack and and memorize that is now come with me we're gonna move spots Wanna get closer yeah over here all right try and get back in positions, please You on my left amazing I was behind you amazing There we got this Got it my tooth is gone You dog the Maverick thank you for subscribing dude much appreciated This show brought by streamers reviewers love you all right cool Well called Jones dropping that that hat almost half your sub with the tier two. Thank you much koala. Thank you very much All right here we go so oh yes, yes, it's here turn go ahead and visible man Whoa look look look just there you go take it easy buddy You him and for me you gonna die it's gonna bounce right off me back to you Go Oh Jack you killed Jack All right Back that's you move it up all right batman's out Kuala much appreciated. Hope you have a good time at work. Spide guy go for it This good position Oh, yeah, you see fun man go for I believe in your skills kill someone else Dude you normal bullets You do that again you die you will die you will die next time I said don't do it bro. It was very clear is very clear All right wait tag go ahead You're fine. Don't worry. Don't worry about loading them anymore. All right. Let's see here Wait that nice job. All right, so five people total Yeah, I feel this is not a spot That was my spot Yeah, yeah, yeah, you're right. Okay. Go ahead nameless man You Is that you geo it's gonna be intense good. We're gonna be you That's a small circle I survived I'm gonna go for My god, I'll be targeted You can't target people I was targeting belt and you know Nameless man Okay, I just want to see my team close up. That's all I'm sorry Swift. I'm sorry You guys whoa you guys can't wait for me to come back. Jeez. All right continue please Wait Wait, it's out Three players left once we have two players remaining Million dollar teeth not about a million dollar teeth, but this last surgery thing which is only one part of four was two thousand dollars Brush your teeth kids are otherwise be much more I do brush my teeth, but whatever I got inspection All right, I guess all right, I guess get quality root can house Too much sugar that's a one-quad it's getting close now Yeah, man to grand that's I'm not even done yet. I got a pay more for the rest procedure I'm gonna find out how much they gonna charge me oh I have no insurance mind you so maybe next time I go I'll make sure I It's gonna be me it's gonna be me okay, who do I have to tell to avenge you? A ZN it's gonna have it's gonna happen no Kill you to like Kill you Jake have a hundred billions for oh What a shot what a shot amazing Asian and you get are the remaining players Radio guys all right, let's play a little minigame shall we both you guys in the boat, please No, it's not gonna cost eight thousand that being said guys to the boat on your right or left or whatever You're on a boat Head to the head to the captain's wheel Okay All right, gentlemen look look towards the statue of a little game for you Now as you can see there are two corner apartments facing each other You see those windows to left and right So you get you're gonna go to the one on the left Asian you're gonna go to the one on the right head over there now, please I Don't worry some stairs Once you get to the window just wave to your to your pal don't attack yet there we go great great, okay now back away from the window All right there we go you can only shoot this is basically one-on-one shot gun window wars so good luck begin now Yeah Oh And Asian gets it there we go way to go Asian. Oh, I mean I want to get I want to see that shot Did you win oh Yeah, you get one my bad you get one back while I went for like the you know that the scoreboard at the end All right good game guys. That was a lot of fun always enjoy these GG Dude's as always thank you for watching my videos really means a lot I always want to share with you guys. I'm now officially sponsored by Soilin I don't get least two bottles a day. It's a meal in a bottle tastes good Chocolate's my favorite flavor coffee original close second Links in the description for you to check it out make me look good and really I think you're gonna love it chocolate all day baby. Thanks for watching dudes