 Make sure you tap the bell so you never miss a video. It's right next to the sub button. Thanks guys What is up, you're bros welcome to crossbow roulette everyone here will be spinning around really fast firing one shot They might hit a wall. They might hit the person next to them This problem will explode and people will die very quickly. I suspect we'll be doing several rounds of this So let me see who's gonna go first And I choose Yeah, nice try subsidy. It's me billiast axe All right billiast you can spin around Fire once Go figure All right, anyway, we're gonna go on direction further away from me. See Dalahala. You're up next man Spin wise least wait wait wait wait wait wait wait. That's a pretty slow spin bro Don't look down don't look down your sights since it be at 14 Amas Amas Amasist off target assist to save that fine. Yeah, everyone is make sure that's off Yeah, I'm bright in my camera a little bit there we go Rough man rough all right next up remember guys stay in your spots dub you're up next This is a troll Rip guys stop arm behind you All right, be all three rug you're up next Arc and Marcus are out next Zoic All right CDR you're up next About There you go. That was that was safe Brad Man that's possibly get a lot of action all right under armor All right, oh, that's not good All right, Emo All right swift or No idea close my eyes quick snapper go for it All right next Wow, all right, I want to kill other people Not going to the wall ever again ever Under armor Oh Got four shots remaining oh Direct hit I missed that too. Oh man, rip all right five players left Oh, I'm darker oh Oh You thought you were safe oh Fantastic all right, you get all right, it's me you quick snapper pick lute some lute some crossbows man There you go you maxed out All right cool all right, let's see Marcus you want to do this Yes, all right cool. So let me explain what's about to happen and Marcus will call it so quick snapper me and you are gonna do So basically we're gonna start off by shaking ants keep your sense TV as it is Then Marcus tells the turn around so we'll turn around so we're back to back so I'll face Southeast if you face north and then Marcus will let's know to walk as slow as possible then we'll walk as slowly as possible and when he says to fire we'll turn around and You fly your crossbow Get one shot you can't move to the side you can't go into prone you can't hop around you turn around You can aim down your sides if you want and then you fire if you miss you wait Same goes with me if I miss I just wait for you to kill me all right All right, so Marcus whenever you're ready My hands are so lovely bro how'd you know and you can turn around Back to back All right walk as slowly as the game will let you Fire No God damn it I want to see this replay I want to man to replay Well done quick snapper well done let's do another round of that different map Time for round two Who's gonna go first is gonna be Under armor hang on we go back in my spot first Okay, here we go all right under armor spin around fire one shot All right next viper Marcus move this way Unwinding card keep going the bullet Next Next Emo On my turn Don't kill yourself don't clear yourself don't clear yourself hang on. Oh, sorry. All right. Come on stay level Stay level Oh no Oh, it's all right sorry I'm winding CJ are good for it Next Oh All right, hello Oh Snapper's out next You're not spilling fast enough man next time don't look down your sights make sure no targets this is so it See Dalla Oh He always out viper I'm getting slides. He's All right my turn once again Way out there All right All right We're in the long shots but don't worry Oh Under armor and viper out next Oh What the hell oh what damn I didn't see that All right last rotation Lucky all right All right guys everyone crouch what stop stop bro pick up one Son of ammo I got one set one set one set all right good hey did you just pick up two sets bro Get back to your spot I need to like manage what's left man all right all right boys now it gets dangerous Follow me I Know Yeah, there we go This will do nicely This man up with everyone losing by the way, but let's see how it goes Spread out and as even a fashion as possible this is get All right, now let's see how's the order looking over here. It's okay. I'll start fresh and start off will be Close to you all right red neck it'll be you to begin All right redneck go for it man Mark Trick shots. No, thanks man emo Okay, out of those explosive containers Oh Oh It wasn't me good all right Hang on hang hang hang on bra this three of us left Grab one piece of the right. Well, just pack grab one Let's grab one There you go all right I've got three shots how are you guys All right, let's see here. Oh, what's the fair way to do this? Hmm follow me Looking for the right place Some wearing closed Back where we started Hmm Not quite Not quite all right, I made this have to kind of get over it Looking for like a Yeah, yes, yeah, all right All right, boys Back up a little bit here's what we're gonna do We're all gonna start spinning Then Marcus says go you're gonna keep on firing balls until at least one person dies All right Everyone starts spinning Go wait no no Marcus. Let's say don't try and troll. I know who you are Marcus whenever you're ready Wait wait wait wait homie he's dead It's just me and you If you're three rug, all right man, I messed up last time See if I mess up again how many shots you have two Three shots all right, it doesn't matter. You just need one shot anyway. All right. Oh you picked up a shot. That's right anyway That was a death drop All right same deal Marcus go for it. Yeah, shake them all the hands again All right, that was some good shaking Now turn back to back Wall I Know God dammit Always the finish line for I could never always choke Let me see this I'm gonna skill the other deal with here God dammit All right, well done B.O.3 rug all right one more round one more round I need to win this Third and final round I'm standing right next to a vehicle that will likely explode very quickly, but Yolo let's who's going first and it's gonna be oh God Duff it's you you're gonna go it'll go counterclockwise. I'll go last by a survive. Duff go for it Don't do us Good job. All right Viper and doll. Remember guys you can't move all right stay where you are take a lick a man Will man Axes out next Oh Oh All right next It goes the cop car Oh God I'm so scared don't hit the wall behind you. Oh wow just arc out of those three weird Oh Marcus Next oh All right, I'm so surprised I'm so scared Your go quick sniper don't do miss man Wait, just wait I New it I was getting myself into I think you guys watching I did for you guys hang on Oh, can I not do free. Oh, yeah, that's right. There's no Go go ahead continue guys No, no trick shotty drop shot bullshit just spin around fire bro. Thanks a lot. Have a great day Wow, oh my god, the three of me Oh Subsea is out next Whoa, whoa slow down bro slow down under armor you're up You're dead Yep What's going on sound of a miracle All right, all right guys what are there four of you left all of you guys crouch Take only one set of ammo we need to raise these off All right, we got one set all right good good good. How much do you have under armor? Swap to your crossbow All right, you guys can pick up any extras that are around go for it To make sure everybody gets some okay, all right great you guys are moving out of the indoor paintball field Indoor indoor where we started off, but decided against two dangerous There we go right there in the center ish one of the halves there we go right there For myself, so I have decent circle Or a square whatever okay rectangle All right, let's see your Marcus you continue Next Rugg Ruggs be What All right, I don't remember after you everyone wait All right Time to move locations again Let's see if you go to the North side of the map north there's an upper level small room. That's where you're doing it To the north To the north there we got that ladder that's good. That's good. I'm going off memory here. Yes. This is good Yeah, whatever smallest There's a window that's something right grab a corner grab a corner boys grab a corner According to you to Yeah, that's good. There's an advantage. That's fine. All right Marcus continue Good luck Wow under under armor sorry opposite rug Next Zoak All right under armor There we go it always works out it always works out all right Marcus cool Oh All right guys make your way down to wherever fun spots this Yeah, this will work. This is good the reds already there all right, Joan you know the deal shake hands Great turn around your back-to-back Now everyone else be silent Walk as slowly as the game will let you You Fire Congratulations, you know cold. Do you have any other shots? No Wow, nope, that's not gonna work Yeah, Mark, sorry. Yeah, cool go check see if this Some some you can take there in the corner Nothing Wow Wow Marcus yeah, no, he didn't win you don't get the wind just because of the order Let's see yeah, and I've and I've battle could work, but that's That's so anti-climatic right like I'll tell you what guys Yeah, that's what we're gonna that's what we're gonna do. Yep, that yeah, you get you guessed it. So I need you guys So shake hands once again. Here's what's gonna work you're not gonna use your crossbow bolts because you you have one You need to peg the other plate of death with your smokes or your flashbangs got it too It should be enough to kill the person So guys turn around so you're back-to-back And When I say fire you can start flinging them pulling it straight at him. You're not miles from whoever your spot stay right there Walk as slowly as the game will let you Go fire There we go mark this peg them real good. Let's see that in slow motion Oh Oh damn Giving concussion grenades a new new me All right good game guys. That was a lot of fun. Do we look at bets? Do we look at bets with their bets for this? I don't know we do them bets here Yeah, there are bets. That's a little bit bets. Why not? So if you come to the live show twitch.com to be forward slash Swift or more information description you can place bets Let's see here. So about 450 million replaced on this one Marcus one get 12 million on him 36 multiplier as a result and who won big Alistair bet 10 million got 365 million back who else won big brainless will row struts BZ Zac attack squally and a bunch of others way to go guys Good good betten right there good Ben good game guys Junior needs back in discord