 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says Swiftress says it won't follow me Swiftress is inside the center container over here make your way and make yourself comfy There you go A lot of people is this three-body? No too much ending it. We have 30 people in this container You guys know am I two people you Swiftress says aim straight up Oh no Swiftress make sure you have a gun out. Oh mainly weapons You don't want to hurt somebody Swiftress says fire once Swiftress says if you have a gun that fires bullets that do airy of affect damage It's supposed to ammunition for example Swiftress says you don't fire you're good Swiftress says anyone else fire you're gun once If you're ex if your ammunition is explosive you're not firing Swiftress is able to aim straight up again Fire one more time go Okay, this was fall I can't see where they are that fell all right everybody out Swiftress says fall So it's as far we to the South West Swiftress is a southwest So it says backs in a wall It's friendship making time Lovely friendship on the best part of the game Swiftress is back to the wall Orange bandit what are you doing? Yeah, I'm lagging on my back. You're gonna die Sure, Lisa. Yeah, I'm going to die. All right great Swiftress says last person to crouch dies Oh, there you go you survived that. Oh, that was trinkle bandit off over there. He's okay. All right All right, we'll stand back up Last person to stand dies Swiftress says go into prone So To say stand on this ice or else I have to be what's up I'm a moving nowhere This is freeze Swiftress says your dog top you want to probe I just fell off does that count? It sure does yes does Yeah, what sort of says if you're prone roll into the container over here I'm That's all there looks Great So if there says the rest of you guys let's if you can stay out there So it says if you fall off you go to the container So it says ice cube folks over here sort of says jump once You're up twice It was a big it inside didn't say it's I saw Swiftress says go into prone Swiftress says I want one person pushed off good luck Good there's a sniper inside Great The rest of you guys let up against the wall you could watch Go ahead Yep ice cube folks what does that up back to wall Yeah Great So it says get inside the container boys Cool a lot of you guys you're gonna die Yay So it says the container stand up So it says point you're gonna need direction you want Must be a god Oh I met the kids says everyone else So does everyone else go to prone you don't want to be standing All right So it's finalize the direction you're having it This is one of those boats is Yeah So there come on We have them in the survivors here Three we joined the players go ahead So let's come back Rama I didn't say Swiftress So does Karama Ellie up over here So does impron Why didn't you see that body disappeared it choked him Oh Still put me all right there you go T.I. tried the guy them the safety but did not work Because it's young to the wall please I used to join these games all the time All right Don't this thing all right switchers stand up shoulder to shoulder So it says look at one person next to you doesn't matter if they look at back or whatever So it says no more talking I don't want you guys you know helping people out or whatever that's not fun So it says lock in the person you're looking at there you have a good job Who says no more talking if you talk I kill you Great when I say the name of any season Or did that player with melee no other weapons for example February December Christmas June July Oh man I wish I wish uh I wish a box would fall from the sky right now I wish would fall from the sky So today I know Oh Jay well sort of all three of you guys up here please pull dog I didn't say stupid says for any of that Jay even shook my head you're stupid hey hey hey That's all the trick them they they did their job they got tricks You do a lot of stupid things CP everyone if you've never listened to every single game You've done stupid things in this game right sort of says yep look at the three players here You three So it says you three So it says what I say There are many three seasons you three will kill each other So it says it's always said I've already said fall And then what comes after fall people Winter winter winter winter winter winter winter winter then spring then summer Oh Unfortunately Unfortunately sir I'm not right there's one season I did not say I did not say winter they did Ah that was good All right Well pat myself in the back for that one Swiftress says follow me What was the best trick you've done ever done Sort of says orange bandit come stand over here Do you think that was my best trick Bro you are crazy man I'm gonna show my best trick ever then Swiftress says everyone came at bandit Make it disappear All didn't do it All right what was my best trick ever let me see here I feel like I've got a lot of goings that was not even close my best one I'm close Oh let's see here let's say I want to really impress bandit over here Well okay all right let's see here Please You know what I just posted a clip today I think of this one pretty fun All right here we go Swiftress says everyone stand up and looks straight up This is gonna be uh all this is perfect it's like a recreation of history to be a seven versus one or close enough What yeah All right bandit I believe you can do this And it kind of look bandit Your job is simply to use melee to kill as many of these guys as you can if you do that you win the game You can win the game right here Rest of you guys are allowed to use your weapon if you want What I'll be allowed to look down What I you guys can look down when I fire my gun What please come you guys the job of you seven over here with a kill band before we can stab any of you Swiftress says Leave from my for my gun to be fired All right fall anybody Yeah, I don't think you're right that one's pretty good. I don't know the one was better Swiftress says you guys follow me I agree with you man it wasn't that great it wasn't that great Swiftress has ever did side this uh Tanner Swiftress pick a pick a wall Just a clarify did I actually do anything wrong? Oh, no, no, okay, I'll give a give a piece of feedback that I disagreed with that's all Wait, what do I do that? I'll be muted until your time wait, then who said who's that was my best off? Doesn't have your dad. No, no, no, I genuinely I don't I'm not really about joining back I just want to know who said it because I genuinely didn't say anything I was who said that yeah, I don't know who did I miss my money I probably mixed up your accent man. Oh she won't be down Beast where are you? I didn't use someone saying You know what you know what you know what you know what sort of this band rejoin the game if we didn't see Maybe it was gravels gravels the life So just gravel let me hear it was I don't know me. I was all moved it was me it was you You know, it's enough to our trick people from my own ego for now. That's all right. Oh All right, so just band you can rejoin if you want but we join very quickly. Oh I'm always says in it one personally cross with you Across from you across. Thank you. Yes. There you go. All right I So after says lock on to that person which is that switch or says we're not in any other person because I'm gonna build a Slow right now. I'm dead actually. Well me actually we go hang on. I'm not gonna shoot you So it says band it over here So it says butter toast in my band it and vice versa Great all right half you guys gonna die So after says crouch So after says stand Swift Attack jump Swift aussi scrouch Swift 1979 Swift Abi Danny THIS CRABS S acordo BEHIRE SIDE Jump again Square fire. Tortoise is dead. Tortoise is a job. Tortoise is a tire. Tortoise is a scratch. Tortoise is a job. Simon says fire. Tortoise is a scratch. Tortoise is a scratch. Tortoise is dead. Tortoise is a fire. Tortoise is filled with fire. Tortoise is filled with fire. You guys are very good. Good job. Tortoise is following me. I agree. I agree. They were very good. Tortoise is following me. My heart is beating my heart. Tortoise is you for? Show them a shoulder. I need to blow my nose. I'll be right back. I was concentrating so hard. I'll be right back. I've got to blow my nose. I'll be right back. I was filled with fire. Oh my. That was so close. I'm not ready. No, it wasn't me. You almost lost my life. I almost lost my life. Swipe almost killed me. That was so fucking close and T-Allen messed up. I didn't say T-Allen messed up. No. No. You messed up. You got 2008's So I guess it's almost Tally San We're Just going to note it's that there's only Show Let's try that again Kill one person each go Zwiftris says, look at me146, U3 Back<|en|> supervisory Oh no, the gun's gone. Let's one pick it up. I did it. So it's here. Okay. I'll take my gun. Either way, I would have kept it at either answer. I said kill one person. I was expecting you guys to each kill one person. But killing one person is valid as well. That's fine. Alright, let's see. You're both arguments are okay. Just have to be me. Sorry. I know what you're feeling, but how'd you feel? Really simple? Swifter says the last person man to lower that box dies. Why do I have one idea what to die? You did. I was the last one. I was the last one. It's 20. I need to be able for the finale. It's unfortunate. What are two? Is there an eagle? Good job guys. Follow me for the finale. 14. Oh my gosh. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Butter toast to the winner. I did not say Swifter says follow me. I get while their guard is down. Alright, they are toast to victory speech. No, I just shout out to everybody that was fun. No, so I just sent a big shout out to everybody that was fun. I just sent a big shout out to everybody that was fun. Who went around? Someone go around the box? Yeah, it was him. I told the both of them that I got to the other box. Just as prevails. Alright, way to go, man. GG. GG. Alright, fun game guys. GG. You can watch one game first. I almost won my first Twitter shit. So everyone has walked to the join in. Discord.gg4-slash-swift. Hope to see you there.