 What's up everyone welcome to our very first flip-faces and fall guys They're chucky for making the map you see the map could over there for one place with your friends Sutra says only do what I say when I say switch recess. All right, so it's recess first off. What is everyone? Find a partner so just cross-hate or whatever is it does go ahead and and piggyback Does everyone need a piggyback partner? Hey? It's fine a partner You have ten seconds 9 I get dizzy eight seven six five four three two one two princess phrase Swiftresses if you have no partner come on down Let's see here we have flames off flames. Although we had even number of guys It's just flames for you to continue playing you have to do one simple challenge for me flames. How are you? Have all guys? Oh Meh all right great Sort of says flames. Oh, you gotta do man. Just bring me back one eight. Just go ahead Doing great man you're doing great back one eight for me bro Great So it says you've chosen your partners. They're gonna stick with them for a little bit. All right This is here is your challenge Supper says follow me It's got to do it the way Okay, oh All right, so it says I'm not everyone to stand on this fan that's rotating over here with your with your partner So does it compete no rush. She was do it carefully go ahead any blade on the fantasies fine So does everyone get on there you're trusting your partner? Great jobs are the blades that you're on are your blades all right, so it says stop piggyback dump them We lost the rest in pace Great next challenge Swiftress says Look look look at me I'm going all the way up over here This goes your eyes man think of ball things All right, a little bit of work to get up here, but we've all seen this is doable With your layer, okay, I made it all right excellent last person up here dies go Okay Oh Got some bad news for you guys I didn't say Swiftress has to get up here You heard it What's your name you heard me say something's come up over here, and you were the only person to hear it out of the entire lobby Like looking at my brain. So does this press H or I request piggyback Now don't let go I'm just Alright, she's a star See you Now for real last person up here dies go Swiftress is last put us first up here dies go Why did you grab me? Push me off You got That was a true non-people's ads Jumpa people's ads I know almost I'll still life myself there. There we go Oh, no, I mean I mean it was nice in I mean There you go you practice before this recording by the way there you go make it atop All right one more You got it you got it you got it and success for this freeze Look at that slide. Oh, baby last person down your dies. Wait, I do I push I forgot the place the last guy went up there My bad I won't forget this time All right, so it says you will not be sliding down here. So it says you'll be getting down or using that fist over there Who says get back just get back over using that fist You guys are five Where'd they go oh We go You doing great It is a rain down I wait this as far as my neck and luck I go where you the one I grab me For you Ellie out you had your chats It was Ellie come with me. You're gonna you're gonna demonstrate something. So it was Ellie. Please follow me Yep All right, so Ellie please step between your two favorite colors here Yellow and blue red and blue yellow, you know yellow and red make your favorite combination. Okay, great So blue and red you confirm that that's your favorite combination here Brings my says goodbye I'm obsessed jump on red Great Great to possess get on yellow Okay No So pushing please all right, all right, that's not people dead. Okay. Good job guys They put on army army army Everyone follow me Swift says follow me I got on all right, so it says get on either of these black lock a black boxes Coming There we go You Get off my head How do you get up here? Got a glove in the wall and show You can just see what we're good All right Five seconds All right now here is a challenge So it says you have to jump to the other black box without touching the floor if you touch the floor you have to do a dangerous challenge It says begin Did it fail fail now come and then you fail just get over here Nope, yeah, oh Is it if you fell off come on down? You All right, is everyone changed I wasn't made of tension. All right, so it says you follow me All right, so it says you for There's a last last of you for to go inside the middle and come back out alive guys just go I Was VFC request a piggyback I get knocked off my hammer Yeah All right, so it says make your way back up over there Oh Whatever switches is everyone follow me For the next challenge So it says this is ramp a this is rampie switch is pick a ramp Whoa, whoa, whoa, so just get back to the bottom of the ramp boys not yet pick a ramp So I'm fell off all right here. I got to go watch Yeah, that was yours There we go great So it says all of you guys when they complete a loop you're gonna go up the ramp jump on every platform on the other side So it says the last player from each side to get through dies switch says begin You doing great folks doing great Last person better hurry All right, it's okay, we can still play the game all right You know what I couldn't see the last person was Swift says every player must right pick bring back one egg to resist go Yep, no from the hexa goes hexa God No, why are you warning in front of me? I got one egg to this deposit the egg you've done your job No Doing great All right good job, everybody Mr. Ken, so you guys will all earn a right grade To go from go directly opposite where you are or the swinging cameras, which is a grab that right now upgrade and come back This upgrade is optional. You don't have to take it if you don't want to Grab it, but don't use it Oh See if you can get to but you can't Once you have it bring it back How did you say that So it says go to the orange ramp next to black boxes Oh, just a stand at the top of the ramp without going over This is the finale guys. Oh now remember each of you guys have a rhino the rhino is basically kind of like a projectile You can use that as a clutch move to win you this game You can also grab with anything goes once you're on this platform guys Swift says 321 go All right Careful there don't forget about your rhino, but it is dangerous Oh good placement watch out. Oh, I got hit They get it off before they can explode Oh Play dirty All right, and the event you guys are on this thing forever will change many games Come even get the whole All right, so it says return to land this mini game is not gonna finish the game Oh So just get back home. I don't know how I figure it out All right, one more Oh, he made it great. Okay great excellent All right Swift says oh Next challenge is All right I'll be careful. I gotta give give chuck you a challenge A lot of stuff himself All right hang on Okay Oh All right, so this is the next challenge for everyone must go to the center of the map between the slam blocks and jump back out safely Prove that you can do it. Oh There's no there's no as long as you do it you're safe done Done your flat man. Yeah, I don't think he said Swift says that you Ah, whatever Swift says good job All right Good Swift who says Go back to the top of the slam ramp One with a punchy fist thing next way Not a race just need you guys up there for this one Actually, so just changing my mind so just go back and grab a rhino again Yeah, get one first that's important Oh First the rhino You got a little bit Uh-oh, it's a bad person die Oh sorry, we lost What was it? Oh wait Oh wait, I'm gonna pull up I'll tell you what's going on All right, Chuckie and Ben remaining No, I hit the helmet the long angle Swift says go back up that slam ramp, I believe in further instructions Oh Oh Hey, the Swift said don't show off I against the map Great Swift said don't show off You're playing as a player to win the dogs the time to sweat This can be a very challenging one it may not win the game, but we'll find out Come on, okay Great Swift says he will use that punchy thing to get on top of the uh The arc over there in front of you It sort of says Chuckie will demonstrate first. He's done it already Oh god, I've got no chance Yeah, oh wow All right, see that he dived at the very top You got it you got to end it slam up There we go Okay good job Great Here's the way this game is going to work guys Swift says don't do anything yet You guys both have your rhinos Swift says the first person to fall off this thing loses You could you want to use the rhino thing you use whatever you want But Swift says the last person on top of this thing is the winner Swift says the game begins in five seconds. Oh All right Chuckie Chuckie Chuckie Chuckie Chuckie Already Ben and one Okay Hang on who used the rhino I mean Chuckie Chuckie Chuckie The winner is bandit by Bye Bye bye Bye bye