 Welcome to the channel guys. Hope you enjoy the video drop a like if you do What is up, you know, bros we're about to do a special game of team mortal mode So we've got two teams here. Here they are. We've already lost one team member. That sucks, but In mortal mode last team mortal mode last team standing wins will be spinning around one player at a time Firing our shots now. I think that makes us a little bit special is that Friendly fire will not be tolerated you hit a friendly you die Reflected damage is on so you know, I'll just keep this off and then we'll go clockwise. See we go guys good luck Didn't anybody alright next up it's gonna be you Adam go for it man spin around a fire All calls out we lost someone that's not good for our team, but you know, it always evens out Next All right only one death Continue Oh no passes out we lose another team member. It's not like we get to our team Let's go cobra cobras out rip next don't move from your spot Oh We found a rift. alright Adam go aheadBob it Haven't seen a friendly fire kills just yet yet so I'm waiting for all the all right let's let's move it and we'll move in a little bit let's make the circle tighter the way to there you go this is good it's my turn what a cool day I'm looking next swift avenge me yeah I'm starting to stay alive someone's pocket yeah for real tell your bay no dancing like one of his friends and friends fire got him rip that's we get for trying to attack one of your teammates bro that friend that reflect the damage I'm a laughter that's what's now and that didn't happen to me so hold in your your chuckles for now bro for now but it's hard I didn't do anything to you I'm trying to do is bring it to you bro oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh I'm still what you were gonna happen to alright two players left in our team but it doesn't matter it's it'll be fine I'll be right there oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh less players this means less targets and easier is your teammates oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh well we're down on the mom's layer Brabeats up to you man you are the you're the last vote it's on it's on it's on oh oh Adam? Dang! Oh, there we go! There we go! Let's go! Now! Is it... Two of you guys left. Yeah! What? They should go closer in. Nope, they're good. They're fine. Nope. Okay. Will they get our team or will they get each other? They will... They're adding me to kill him. Adam will kill Horon. I feel like Adam is gonna hit... I feel like Adam's gonna shoot this part. Yeah, guys. No offense, those are talking to the question. Oh, Raab friend! About to kill his teammate. His life is taken away. We have our two finalists. We have Horon, baby, versus Adam. Gentlemen. Let's go ahead. Let's go ahead. Come on, buddy. It's time for the final battle. Wow, can you believe it? One from... From being a huge advantage to one on one. All right, guys. We're gonna do a... Oh, okay. We're gonna do a... Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. All right, guys. We're gonna do a... Our usual one on one... Snapper battle. Can we change our sensitivity? No, keep it as this. You guys each have a lead. One snapper shot. And you're not allowed to jump. Go into prone. Or move away from your spot. You're gonna turn around. So they are back to back after shaking hands. So shake hands. Great. Now turn around so they are back to back. Adam, we got faith in you, man. Yeah, we do. There we go. When I give you the word, you're gonna go as slow as the game will let you. And when I say fire, you're gonna turn around and fire one shot. When I say turn around, that doesn't mean jump around. It doesn't mean move the left or right. It doesn't mean going to prone. It doesn't mean running around the map. It means you turn around, you pivot. You stay in that spot and you pivot. You aim and you fire your one shot. You miss, you wait. One shot. Walk as slowly as the game will let you. Be calm, Adam. Fire. And Harambe does it for our team. Way to go. So close. The real Harambe would be proud, except that would remind him of him being shot at the death. But he would get over it. Good game. Good game, guys. Our team came through. It was really close. He just pulled up his scope. Good game, guys. That was fun. Get back to the point. Well played. Hope you enjoyed the video, guys. If you enjoyed it, drop a like. And if you're on Snapchat, add me. Use your name, Swiftore. See you guys next video.