 Make sure you tap the bell so you never miss a video. It's right next to the sub button. Thanks guys What is up universe? We got the Magnum in Modern Warfare Remastered everyone's got one in fact and we're gonna take turn spin around in a circle and fire in a shot random Yes, this is revolver like a gay mortal mode who's gonna the first person to spin? Let's find out it's gonna be you God damn I can't read these these small text red names It's like the worst what's the point of putting a name if you can't read it mark is this first God goes 1111. Thank you. The names were yellow. That's like a more readable thing Anyway, so we'll go ahead. I'll make I'll go last Mark's will go first we go clock watch from that. So go ahead man spin around fire All right next Just keep on going when you know it's your turn. I let you know if I need you to stop oh First victim I can't read the name Mr. Cool guy Thank you for the sub by the way, oh Wow, hold on guys my cock. Thank you, dude Oh, the luck of that shot scumbag all right hang on hang on is there free mode? In my free master no, there's no stop all right continue Just to be fair everyone look at the guy was spinning keep on going That's scared toxic is out Next Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy buddy Look, he's your sense of you at at 20. Yeah spin again. Are you sure it's not the vertical it? There you go. You're good now you can go There you're looking good my friends No, yeah, wait, you're you're you're skipping that dude There you go only spin one is your turn chill bro All right, go ahead Keep on going All right, we'll reach as Marcus will stop All right hang on it's time for a bonus round I need everyone to spin just everyone spin When I give the word you know fire a single shot fire One guy oh rip loony bin all right Oh All right, we all right. We're gonna increase. Let's see if anyone's got at least like 15 shots remaining 14 shots Yeah, let's continue Marcus flex you know wait wait wait wait everyone everyone moving a little bit Move it let's make a smaller circle you guys just to keep the order the same though How do you how do you make it Can't all right, at least I don't know how to do it. All right, let's continue Let them go Oh Pat's lad is out Wait wait wait hang on circle is till still too spacey moving guys I want people shoulder shoulder in this circle like you're huddling up Ray Hoodle up huddle up Who do I want everyone to hoodle look at a big gap over there Moving guys there should be no space between anybody. No state. Yep Moving closer and closer until you're all yeah, yeah, that's I'm talking about look at this look at this Beautiful it's beautiful. I like that all right. Hey, all right. I know you're excited about chill all right Let's continue Wow no one died Oh Really or a battling galaxy I shot oh wow there are Monkeys out continue King Jose thank you for subscribing mad really appreciate that dude Oh Spider Joe's out spider Joe spider Joe You dead I'm dead too. Oh Budget god Magic Sam Terry entire half of your thank you man Why me You're just where the bullet was mad wrong place wrong time Yeah, that's all right you have so much space between you and other players you're so safe Oh Oh nuggets Rip nuggets ear markers you might want to follow you care You're at you put an entire nation on his shoulders yeah, oh He's gone rip I just I just heard the the the British pound drop like 20% of value. Thanks Marcus Yep, yep, go for it man Oh Dust Headshot Games giving to the spin All right hang on all right all of you guys take a second to loot some ammo locally Wow someone just hoarded all the ammo least snappers like All right too many buys over here guys. Let's let's fly in a different location Fight different location for three v. Yes, but I'm here. Oh, yeah, that's a good idea. Good call. I like the spot All right, great a little bit closer dudes too far away That's good. That's good. I Here's the way we're gonna do this with three players left Well, let's do a normal round no you know three billers left Care the four everyone spin around at the same time everyone spin When I give the word you're gonna keep on firing until at least one person dies until one person dies Now go fire Stop stop stop stop King of games out like immediately All right Leads snapper and Dylan congratulations guys you're both the finalists in revolver Ola Get them play the mini game the dual mini game. Let's go somewhere else for that. How about you had a Near that that fallen falling chopper Yeah Yeah, this is good now hop on that white line over there after it curves We'll use this as a guide All right, so in case you haven't done this before You're gonna shake hands you're gonna turn around to your back to back And you went for this one. We're actually you we're gonna change it up a little bit So you can fire more than one bullet you can jump around you can go into prone basically a full freedom After I say fight, okay or after I say fire Understood you use one shot. We move you can move. Yes. I'm gonna try this out. I don't like it's so weird How come when you switch between players like the gun pops in? Man We like in down while the assurance tester step it up All right All right here we go anyway walk as slowly as the game will let you Fire Oh Too fast Lead snapper Oh nice shot. You cyber that kidney shop. All right good game guys. We'll play you Gee, you look you look at the bets real quick. I think we should 8 million on me 8 million on you All right here so For those you're not familiar we do all our recordings most of our recordings Before a live studio audience on Twitch you get us enjoying if you want Check out the description of the video, but while you're here You can actually place a bet on who you think will win each match You can earn points the points you use to place more bets. It's all for fun. I can't really do anything else with the points So let's take a look here. So we had the most on them being but I want our winner Let's see here. Where's what's elite under yeah leads under elite he had a multiple We had 18 million on a multiplier of 14 which means if you bet on you got 14 times the amount you bet on back So let's set him as the winner Oh 18 million you see that and it refresh it. Yeah, man All right apples bet 10 million on the lead and got 143 million back easy math right there You got Kigor you've got a map brink Yeah as bald way your guys good bets anyway. Thanks for joining. Thanks for watching. See you guys next video