 Make sure you tap the bell so you never miss a video. It's right next to the sub button. Thanks guys One is up in a browser plan some snapper or let in black ops 3 Before we get into this make sure one's kind of spinning at the right speed max sensitivity no aim assist Everyone take your get out keep on spinning if you like again to vomit aim your face away from your console There you go keep on spinning. They were government looking good Keep on spinning bro. All right looks good excellent you guys are good Seems fine to me so cool. Let's figure out who's gonna go first hang tight and the first First the girl will be This man right here hot fudge All right hot fudge you know what to do bro spin around we're gonna go counterclockwise Oh, yeah counterclockwise from you so go ahead spin around fire shot at random. Oh What the way hang on what the hell's that? Shrimpy The shrimpy I saw the bullet coming from his direction Tisk Tisk Shrimpy I Need one of fire gun, but yet I wait all right Going counterclockwise that means monkey game your next man go for it Yeah, man go for it dude you look confused. He's like why's we're looking at me look spin around a circle there you go buddy Oh, this is a percolatoral right there Oh Poor Leviathan what did you do to deserve that yeah dude first to die? Man karma did you like kick a cat yesterday? All right Did you make up all your best friends mom what'd you do nox claims? There you go like that Shrimpy rip next You feel like you're gonna win this I like that confidence man If you do you can just send in this your optic application you're just gonna just call the shot like it's full like you know This time to kill Toxic flames Nope, well, there's my application go ahead are you in for me now all right? Almost bro Oh That's Oh, do I not do I not do I not gonna god damn kill like kill cam Why didn't I get a kill cam that's weird? Damn I want to see what happened Hacks dot Oh monkey gamers out Yeah, we can do multiple bets perhaps in the future I never win I think a one like two mortal mode games my life No, I don't remember that game we put a lot of games man refresh my memory I'll spike this one not messing with their goddamn clip from magazine wait Moving guys Keep the same order Look at your radar Try making that look like a Like an old little more like a circle you know, I mean Not yet hang on Alex would yeah go ahead Oh I've make fallen and you can't get up all right next Oh Cool guys down You Rip hot fudge Smiler Thank you for all the support dude appreciate the resub Hang on whoa whoa slow down homie It's not for bonus round I need everybody to spin Well, I give the word you know fire a single shot Fire So be it all right, didn't you Yeah, dog nation go for bro Oh Yolo manning's out Whoa, whoa, whoa chill Who's that go ahead Whoever there was you know who you are don't do it thanks Anthony Campbell the three month resub man. Thank you, dude Appreciate that to me Oh James is out Oh I was using him dude Well keep it going Oh Man, everyone I suspect it does Rest in peace No the curse the curse all right hang on electric's Dog nation you guys know how this works. Yes or no All right cool so see me a duel me in the center over there. Let's walk up to each other face to face That's not really center of the platform go go to the middle You need a mini map if you need to Yeah, it's fun all right shake hands Turn around so you're back to back Here's what's gonna happen I'm gonna ask you to walk as slowly as the game's gonna let you Probably gonna be walking slow motion and you can keep my walking when I yell fire wait don't Not a dog nation slow down bro haven't started yet when I give you the word you're gonna turn around and Gonna fire a single shot You can scope in you can aim You're gonna take a single shot you can't move out of your place though. You can't jump you can't go to prone you can't dodge You turn around and you fire Think of it as a wild wild west All right guys walk as slowly as the game will let you Fire Oh, wow, well Let's let's let's let me let me watch rewatch this hang tight hang tight kind of dance around a little bit Oh, he melee that's why he does There's a watch trying to charge Yep, oh Old charge my controller excuse I've heard that quite a few times my friend No, I'll cut that that's all good all right just for fun guys good game I'll tell you how about how about we do a bonus round Yes All right guys, so we're just gonna be a quick mini game. We're gonna play a game of It's like team team angry shot. So basically Round one There are two teams Round one aim your gun at someone on the other team if you guys want to like you to coordinate with your other teammates to make sure you've like you know Covered like this main target is possible go for it. Go ahead and discuss with your team No collaterals are allowed to get a collateral You die Only allow one kill per round max And you're gonna fire again when you hear me fire my gun Mike shot will be the first one Get ready aim those guns feel free to discuss, but don't fire gun until you hear a shot Oh Damn Oh, no, all right the black ops team Actually, you guys only lost one more person than than we did you're fine. All right, so it's four be five right now. I'm up participating All right boys So everyone should get one person Yeah, no one got multiple kills right nope All right, this can be very difficult. I mean honestly in order for the other team to have a chance Tennis player don't try to SOS is too late your team's losing so if in order for your chance team to have a chance you're gonna have to actually like Kill them before they kill you so get listen carefully and be ready to fire Get ready All right guys aim your gun Whoo all right There you go man if you killed somebody you did your job all right hop-hugging trippy another kill Oh, I don't think we won all right so monkey you basically lose but hey Let me see is there a way I could like equalize this at the end in the situation like this let me think about it for a moment Whoa, whoa chill shrimpy you know what all four of you come with me All right My team up over there in that building and Monkey gamer Church We're gonna do a prom to game of Window wars all right guys get ready set go only shots the windows All right, that was fast. I made it was a 3v1 I was trying to give you like a shot You know Let me know you thought them in a game was it's a little it's a little too simple for it to be kind of its own thing by I think it's a fun fun a little bonus around I like it All right, GG Let me know what you think in the comments guys. Thanks for watching two videos up on the screen pick one check it out See you next video