 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftr says says everyone on the merry go round Pick it if it all of you guys only 13 player lobby piece a cake Great you're all on all right Next Do we fit everyone also in the slide everyone on the slide go Oh No No, right Yes, well you are going to die, but but I'm it's not an instinct kill. Let's know fun I have so few players. I can't just murder people left and right like I used to I have to have to milk people for content By people I mean you right now, Bell. Just just Bell. Please follow me inside Yes, sir You All right, Bell. Just this police stand right over here Over here here is your challenge. Oh, you have to do Is look out of any window a total of three times not being killed Like you made example Let's say I was young. I'd be like whoop Yeah, like you know a little peak that counts as a window. Okay, okay peak Then you know working with the throne and try and trick people and do this one over here I think go okay peak and so once you've peaked out three times and you're not dead You've done your job and you rejoined the group. That's it Okay, okay, not yet Okay, yeah, don't have to shoot It's not gonna have to do it. I'm not in their home. I'm not reading their minds yet So if you're says you're one of the merry go around. Please come stand shoulder shoulder over here Wait If you want if you see someone peaking from that window you can shoot at no wall banging just uh You know shoot if you want so if you're says begin Didn't even hear her chance poor thing We're not even we're like three minutes in made Those are the practices I get it. I accept my death. All right there I go All right, Swiftress says one please follow me You know instead the barber shop until last time I was in a barber shop actually That's not sure I was in a barber shop relatively recently There's a kitchen in a barber shop Yeah, I make use of your limb real estate here in uh wherever we are Her All right, so those please get on these stairs Make some room at the end please Great swifter says crop so I can do a check to see how you guys are all looking over here Great Amen You know we could probably do 32 player lobbies back in mon warfare too of course But you know I'd be missing out a few quality of life features for example names. I know who I'm looking at The Dan hack attack also know exactly who stands up last last person to stand dies People looking around FIFA you uh curious Yep, let's practice swifter says last person to stand is named This is a dark lord or FIFA even made this shift. I think it was dark lord Swifter says crouch again. There we go. It's pretty easy itself. No, especially with the names I'm maybe looking to you guys. I'm just looking at the names. I pop up Let's try that again last person to stand is in trouble High dark lord I will just let dark lord come up over here Oh well Oh dude don't worry man. You haven't died yet. I like the skin by the way First there says dark lord. Please stand right over here. I need to go downstairs Yeah Pandit thank you for the membership dude Uh, YouTube memberships will be getting perks for uh getting to the lobbies in the near future Jeff's guide to sit me up about it All right dark lords up there is somewhere purposes dark lord Listen very carefully In a few moments your only job will be to get to me within 18 seconds. That's it. That's the only role 18 seconds you have to touch me Swifter says go 18 seconds Anyone want to give them a tip? Is that allowed? You can go wherever look you just have to touch before 10 seconds are up Yeah, did it there we go man. There we go. All the reward you be doing that for life 18 seconds There we go. Good job. Swifter says you're forgiven. All right. Everyone please follow me Swifter says everyone please follow me Mm-hmm Oh the mechanic shop not yet too dark. I like to work in places that I have more they're more brightly lit Swifter says make a circle over here Great swifter says listen carefully Again top of the fence. I get a better look Swifter says look at the very center of the circle Swift or says take one step back If it says when I fire my gun you'll take two so two steps forward Swift or says if you hear me jump take one step back It's not very loud. I know probably wearing those sneaky sneakers something All right, try that again Swift or says when I fire my gun at any time It's up SWifter says every time Swift or says anytime I fire my gun you will take two steps back So it's every time I say the name of a vegetable you'll take one step forward But the game is begin Strawberries Sir J.D. Ward is a strawberry vegetable You know, I don't know all my veggie groups which is the one fortunate thing to you some stuff. So does this center of the circle please There's this please aim at J.D. Ward's foot All right cool, the thrifter says when I say the name of vegetable unload Banana Watermelons hamburgers articles Carbore boxes Carrots Damn Almost have a foot finish What? Uh what? Huh? What? Uh Uh Good job Squash Potatoes We have to get the rules already Swift or says when I say any name of a vegetable you take one step forward That fire my gun take two steps back Arugula lettuce Quash pumpkins Turkey bananas vanilla shakes Tomatoes Hmm, what's the tricky one right? So does VAT Dark Lord come to the center For example if you guys look at me If you guys not heard of the age old debate of whether tomatoes are fruit or vegetables I consider both not gonna lie You consider it both Yeah A hybrid vegetable slash fruit If I made a fruit salad and put tomato in it you'd be all right with it Yeah And if I made like a vegetable casserole it's made as you be fine with it Yeah All right I respect that What do you guys can do back to the circle It Okay All right Swift or says we're in a circle one more time Yeah I do some a little bit less you know ambiguous Does this include the two in the mouth? Hmm you got it bro. Swift or says everyone Yes double checkers. Swift or says? I'll open the center Hello Here's the play. There you go. We have thirty two All right Swift or says I'm gonna throw down a proximity mine I have to give you guys extremely low health this game 15 health Fox me mine will kill you if it does any damage to you Swift or says go into prone To after says no movement Well that's pretty good I think No all right that's the right there perfect The rules real simple To your west I'm on a blue container Sir I asked you not to move are you trying to get your teammate teammate killed Whatever Swift says last person is blue container dies good luck. Who it safely Oh For Chris your Live so it is dark lord there are two birds They're close to what's in the blue container over there So it just says if you can kill one bird one Not a real bird guys. It's it's in a video game. It doesn't matter It does dark water if you can kill one bird I'll let you live You got a dark I can try and go ahead. Yes sir. Just go for it. So if you can kill it No They look very alive. Sorry man I will All right, Swift or says follow me Need to go back to my load at Lilix me that regenerates my my toys All right, so does please pick a wall and look at Taylor You can shoot the birds are you sure man they seem to I thought he got the hit I love plentiful pancakes Hey, go on top. All right, Swift says aim straight up Which says fire one shot There are two shots I Swift or says kill only one player out of all of you guys Well, I'm dead. We got two peaceful dead All right, so it was hack attack. Evil Jimmy. Come on out Oh I need it. There you go So if just says everyone else in this container is still alive. Yeah, I'll three of you So if just says the three of you, please exit the safety. This will not be safe Yep, if you're Mikey hungry get out of here All right, so does evil Jimmy hack attack. Please enter the container Okay All right, I'm gonna go into pranks. I want to watch. I don't want to die. So You guys both reacted very quickly, but too quickly there's no time to coordinate recognize that the other player had already killed a player Swift says when I say the name of either one of your victims Kill the other player. I hope you remember who died I Faped Press Hitcliffe Dang was he the one of the victims who died in this container? No, no, I don't think so. No, I died by approximately mine So All right, we have three players left finale time. Let's go. We have you have hungry FIFA and Mikey Swift says please follow me What the bird survived the bird was not hurt Oh bird for hurt during the making of this Swift or so. Yeah, the bird dodge those bullets like look new Had a little matrix action to himself All right, cool So if there's three of you guys please up stand up over here on this pile of cinder blocks I miss my cinder block execution from 29 2019 All right, go on Let's do some let's do some basics. Swift has been a while I rely to watch in these quiz games or murdering each other stuff. Let's just go back basics Swift or says crouch Swift or says stand Swift or says jump Oh crouch again Swift or says jump Swift or says twist to your left List to your right Swift or says crouch Swift or says jump Swift or says jump whenever I fire my gun Swift or says crouch Swift or says jump All right, you got to react a little faster there Swift or says jump again crouch again This has crouch whenever I fire my gun. Swift or says jump You guys should be confused. I keep jumping think crouch Hungry crouch then jumped Hmm, we got think about that one for a second That combine will command Which did not say look at me by the way And you know, you know each of them have a argument for for being correct, right? If it's only respecting the last command related to the bullets Like he I think uh Did both and wrongly to the stamping in reverse order All right, let's try that again Okay, yeah, as respected your own rules good Swift or says stand Look at the person behind you Swift or says jump produces crouch Swift or says turn around Which is says jump crouch Turn around That means says jump Which is this crouch Swift or says crouch Swift or says first person is stand dies Swift or says crouch and die Swift or says turn around Swift or says jump Fire Swift or says turn around Fire Look at each other Says tires He he he he he he he he he ready all right, so does this crouch Swift or says go into prone Last person is stand dies Hit twitches as stand up and you die Which is says look at the wall Swift or says crouch Which is a stand Which is this jump crouch again which is a scratch Swift or says stand Swift or says crouch Swift or says stand Which is a scratch Which is a stand Which is a scratch Which is ham Which is a stand Turn around All right, which is this last person will get me dies Pretty close, I'll do that again. So does this look at the wall again? Too close Last person will get me dies So does a scratch So does a stand Look to your left Give them a hand So does this crouch Turn to your right With each other Yep, these guys are Are pretty good I want to be like them when I grow up I don't I don't want to see the resume first. I don't know about that I'm gonna jump a conclusion here Hmm? Professionals All right, so does this look at each other Yes, you have to be violent anyway Mike, you're in the middle Hmm, how to give you an advantage You know what, Mikey? You're allowed to crouch if you want to Like whenever I want Like right now, you want to crouch you can crouch now Mikey, did I say Swift or says No These stuff, this stuff, this stuff I think anyone in the middle would have thought for that All right All right, kill each other I know right, so hard to kill one player All right, if you've been hungry, let's do some more games Hungry has five letters, oh six letters in his name He has four letters in this name What does this says? After I fire my gun, the moment I say any words that have either four or six letters in them mean you can kill another player Understand If you comprehend I words Touch the sky I have to count my own hang out, I think I'm sort of Swift or oh man, this is tough Right, when I say Swift or you know what, they can kill each other The moment I say you know what, they can kill each other The moment I say you know what, they can kill each other Kill us four letters Fools walk Also does what That's a good one All right, there we go finally, congratulations people You guys were hard to deal with good job good job All right, FIFA What's your shadow? Congratulations on the win, that was tough I'll shout out Jimmy Because he hosts Mafia games on his twitch sometimes There we go, there we go Great game guys, GG Thank you for participating So let's have a please, give me back a particular lobby So let me give you a lot more girl, please Please, please, GG GG guys, GG Even I'll say to be fair, FIFA I did not hear him say Swift or says before that