 Swift! What's up everyone? We're doing a very first crossbow roulette game in Modern Warfare. Usually we start with regular crossbow bolts and then do some special stuff but now let's let's get it off with explosive bolts. Everyone's spin for me. Let's make sure we're going to top speed. Everyone's spin. Looking good. Great. The first player will be. Sus it'll be you man. You're gonna stay where you are. Don't go to the center. That means you're very likely more likely to kill yourself I guess. Alright and whatever you're ready. Oh. Oh. Oh. You're good man. Alright let's go clockwise. Dillios you're up next man. I might get a chance. Uh oh. Oh. Yeah you're good. Oh. Oh. That's not where I saw it go. Grunt Meister. Don't kill me right. I'm please. Remember you must you must hold your spot no matter what if K you're up man. What does that? Oh no. Yes. Why did I look at that? I'm getting killed. Alright. I'm fortunate. Brandon you're up. I swear. Brandon. Please don't do it. Oh no. Okay. Alright. Alright. Alright. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Billy. No. Where'd that go? Oh. Oh. Oh. Thank goodness. That could have been that could have been tragic. I'm tripping. I know man. That was just out of its range. Alright. Give me your up. I like it. Oh. I know you. You know, DZ row. I love you man. Oh. That's not good. Oh. Maybe it is. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I saw the little ball flashing on my screen. You're bouncing off the wall. How did he survive that? Alright. Well, I didn't get to get shot. But go ahead. I didn't want to have fun. It's a movie. Go on. Oh. You might kill yourself. No, you're good. Next. Oh, that's not going to be good. Oh, what the heck? Next. Wait, that's the same person. No. Did he just go twice? Yeah, he wants to go. No. No, no, no. He even started. He wants to move. Okay. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright guys. I want you to do just a little bit of work for me. I keep the same circle size, but I want you to spread out a little bit. I'll spread out. Keep the same circle size. There we go. I can't move up or down. Good enough. Alright. Dillios, let's go, man. Oh. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Out. They go. Next. Alright. Alright. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Goodbye. No, save. I just want you to know if I kill you, I'm meant to. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. That wall is like saving you. You're right. You're right. It's gonna be in the wrong treatment. You'll get hit on me next. You're gonna be in the right. Let's go, Raspi. Oh. Oh no. Oh no. That went all the way over there. At least you're up, man. Is this not a circle anymore, everybody's dead? Oh no. What the. What the. Next. Oh no. Give me. I don't know. Oh no. No. Yo, to give you both a truck? I am so confused by the bolts. Oh Yes, even in camera mode I try to run away all right Next Please All right guys, I want hi, let's spread out make the circle only a little bit smaller Big run master 20 20 to 20 20 All right, you guys are good to continue Oh, no, that's the middle door or not music's close up a week They're weird to there all grown my street. Oh You're calling away why they killed three people like That's not good. Oh never mind. See the bullet shows up at a point where it's flashing and then just blows up somewhere else Yeah, I don't know what's goes in that good thing maybe Where is the client side thing? Maybe you've bounced somewhere on yours on your client and that just reports what it is on the person who fired it Feels like I've been weird for actual multiplayer games You could tell Day bald explode where you saw them go All right, everyone take everyone take one small step forward Like up to those are really good life's to explosions on cross goes are crazy All right looking good All right, we're gonna do one bonus for an Lays and gentlemen. I'm not everyone spinning Oh Keep on spinning and when I say give the word get hold that trigger fire Well, there's only four of you left All right, all right, you guys don't need to be that close, but yeah, make a square you should be equally distant from everyone Yeah, good enough. All right. No, I do this. Just a live man She wants you dead Maybe we all want you dead deal. Yeah, next maybe you'll miss and hate yourself Oh Oh, that's not good. That definitely went at the wall dragon Oh I'm just gonna wait for it's random it's random rule. I you don't know where it's gonna be unless I hit someone Dillios, let's go man Give me a kill no Wait, what Oh So great at someone's feet that All right, everyone take two small steps forward All right, well That might be too close, but it's all right. Keep on going We almost die. Hey kill everyone Dillios wins if someone dies they won't die So I want to get impacted We're gonna kill camp tell me I gotta kill camp And that is how we end the game Wow You Good game good game. All right. We're gonna do one more round this time with Thermite All right, thermite rounds are equipped for our night map to really make it pop out and let's get started listening to go first It's run my street hundred bucks you dragon you're up man You're good man. All right look at those sparklers go forward smitty That go all right, once your turn you guys go ahead guys Yo man for ricochets a ricochets. I know I like it give me You guys are in the same spot what's the deal? That's a close go man Evie you're up Oh That's awesome All right, I still you guys for not moving because you can't move all right next Oh Caric is he gonna roast himself now he say simple go ahead times don't shoot me please you'll die soon Billy All right next It's a troch Linux name. Oh Watch out. Why's everybody shouldn't it keep on going bros How the hell did I make that shot? Don't do it man Slift or Wow, that was terrible. How do you name it more there? What happened to want to buy a rock it doesn't launch right? I Did this truck is scaring me. I'm not kidding. Yeah, I'm scared me next. Oh wall is gonna be rough Delia's you're up next man And I'm moving to an open space Oh Oh live just scary No, no dadginal out keep on going oh, and he's dead oh no boom Right by your feet my guy. Oh my what the hell close Oh Okay Don't do it demonic don't do anything rash young man holy crap Swift don't kill demonic That's way over there it went way over there Whoa, he almost killed himself almost he did it How did then fall kill him because he don't need to be before kill myself Oh god I think we got slender in the line. Oh my god, I think yeah, everybody loves that woman Keep on going Oh All right went off somewhere else Modern warfare physics don't doubt You know Your name next up rug warrior that truck is That was my okay Wow Overcarried head all right now I got damaged so much for that Same here if take already or is it me? Yeah, demonic you're up bad. It's my Cheers with later dude. Oh I'm talking about like in game. Oh, I'm not gonna talk Can't make you know what you're gonna die take Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, you're fired. That's one. All right We're gonna move in a bit stop You'll continue to grandma sir. We'll move in wait, let's circle smaller Swifts using the walls of All right, there we go. This is looking pretty good. Let's continue Right I mean it's for sure can break the All right go for a Gibby Don't do a Gibby Job Kill him. Don't do it I'm surprised oh man oh My brother retumb a shot's fired especially the monitor Listen mr. Deadman oh Space is gonna save so many people So if you have one job Don't kill me Whoa if you say don't kill you mean and that's gonna get you killed So this is why our parents say to be careful of firewood This is why you don't hire kids This is why you don't put rug war your man moves Come on Come on guys Fire and people go well together we're good. Yeah Nothing all right. Let's move in even closer Oh Someone close It looks like we're right in the center I'll just once revenge I'll just want to all right go for a Gibby You're dead you're dead This is what you get for killing me okay It's best you don't aim people next to you Oh, he's alive all right all right continue guys I'm about boys. I wonder why this is a lot of blood on the ground That's called a spray paint Oh my god At least the swifter's body disappeared on my There you go no guilt. I was never there Demonic in my shirt. I'm working. I switched Yo his face plate is right in the mud How was this man surviving all those local local kills All right hang on hang on all right small small square now So it happens with crazy people get a hold of fire. He's the next one dead imagine I might be I wind out it Demonic is burning himself many times with matches use fully free fire Oh, I got burnt a little bit all right continue Gibby Gibby Feels becomes the bond fire So now we make a crime yeah, wrap You got what he wanted he could be in the center now I want my ring on a win You want me dead? All right and another Okay, I can be story careful simple base and follow something All right All right, gentlemen Why don't you each take a small step closer not too close No no no run up to the other player there we go All right, guys you three left hang on nope stop guys who are gonna spin non stop and keep on firing until there's only one player left All right All right, everyone spin and begin Take each run rubber kill this is gonna die first I like how dintly this is chilling in the middle You want to spin and you can reload while spinning man Take the chair and do ever kill me Make it interesting Oh no idea It'll happen man it'll happen no more For you places where they're gonna be I imagine don't have three Let's not minute relax I Get a tell me your twitch epic on the victory Oh Whatever his twitch is on the end He killed another guy but then Or is it like the regular yes? Yeah, if you fell on top of me Wow Is the gas to my crossbow Twitch 20 all right good game guys that was fun. You want to join in? Twitch saw T4 so I was so we'll have to appreciate the follow and thank you everyone for pressing like in the video See you guys next time good game dudes GG Hey guys, thanks for watching the video So got two options for you over here So over here this is what youtube thinks you'd want to watch next And I picked this one I picked the one you think is more interesting I'm curious to see what the stats are See you guys next video