 What's up everyone welcome back to roll it. It's a shotgun roll with a new the new shotgun All right, you guys can stop spinning now Here we go great the way it'll work you guys will stay where you are in the circle You'll spin around when it's your turn you'll fire one once you guys are burst. That's fine. All right, let's go pan pickers first It's you what's your name? It's nice layer excellent. So I get back over there to view this the first circle that I'll join you guys for death. Thank you. All right. Oh, pro knife. Let's go ahead spin and fire once All right one burst okay next You're oh sorry clock-wise don't use up your steps so fast dude. That's valuable next All right, keep it going Beautiful one that time Everyone's got 300 health to survive a few shots there Going rocket explosive There we go Careful there funny The plus side everyone should have a chance of spinning fire It's bird Keep it going Oh Relax there buddy boy. That was one of the starlight Oh, yeah, I see Oh, that's it get first round get first round all right So before we continue to the next round and I join you guys over here Everyone's gonna spin and fire one shot when I give the word it's our bonus round step one everyone spin Fire He's gaming scholar rest of peace. No, maybe a good time to use your stem He's must have he apparently all right great Let's continue Yep, was the guy was supposed to go for his dead nope Keep it going There we go Oh Yes, it's my turn Getting hit that pretty spin stem Don't burn don't burn don't burn don't rest of these Oh Oh Why the stem for me Burn damage They are good. It pounds Where's the explosive slugs I Do I want no I didn't I want Oh All right, I know people are dead, huh? No the bonus round it is everyone's been No, boy, it's a person peace fire Bro someone shot me on a second Adam fired like eight shots Adam Adam get your ass to the center of the circle I saw that killed me dead All right, Adam's been from us. It's dark bar Tortoise says one else are at their feet Feed guys feet all right good job everyone else moving tied up that circle Oh Whoa, that's that's too much bro the join our games join our discord server discord.gg Orts last with The video's are good my bio Can I come back because Adam cheated or no? No, no, this guy with the blue shotgun move in I have to move out because that's a straight line He's you guys just have to make it a bit round Right line, it's defenator. We are in the straight line. Bro. He's right back up. Please There we go. Thank you and the rest of everything maybe All right dudes off to my side right here should move forward good enough. No worries good enough. All right Jump if you think you're next There I go pick it off wolf man Out there less players I can actually see some skins next blue orts It keep it going ah Oh Does anyone actually have their stem left? All right good job moving This is very good man. Yeah, don't worry friendship continue I knew it I'm ready for that oh Shaggy oh Shaggy for shaggy Ow nice man Ow Oh my god Oh, I think it's getting real I'm one can not get kills I'm done I'm gonna die I'm so how how I can't go in Flash damage got him all right continue yeah, I can confirm this All right closer together folks I got explosives I'm ready I'm not gonna play any is even gonna matter anymore you should have starlight to our I need a lot of love why would you have explosives yeah before the last time ready for death man Yeah, you should have the last star like kill someone with a finisher Nice queen I'm sure it's cool, but like for playing a different game continue, please There's a line over there Oh Sponsored rounds killed the Nano himself So Last starlight Othesaw used it was a lot of stem me Cool Alright, congratulations to our final six players. There's too many dead bodies over here in no longer looks Like a clean scenario. Where's what I like you? Yes, you head to the head to the water together and make a small circle in the water Not that one. Sorry. Not there here to your left Where it's nice and bright Stay in the zone, please I'm going to the zone and die Why are you guys dying in the water Well, they went off to you. They went outside I'm not sure how many wait wait, how did I kill him? I'm dead. You did The last man got an assist. All right anyway, unfortunately you're down to four players All right, if you see a big red screen that says you're out of the zab bounce you probably go back and bounce All right, with that said the whole player is left All right, guys, here's the way this game is gonna work first We're gonna show the power of call duty water physics everyone's spin Yes Oh All right, there we go great you can stop now all right Great so the game is gonna work kind of like that When I tell you when you start spinning I'll then tell you to fire you can fire as many shots as you want until the one player is left It's only last like two seconds if that step one spin Keep on firing go Reload Don't He's right there Who's our winner? I'm making congratulations. We shout out I'm trying to start a tick-tock my tick-tock is me three wise me plays what kind of content Just like gaming content clips from like hot or Minecraft or any game that I play all right good stuff Yes, what we're still here bonus footage all right, so Leave it or not. I think the people on that boot over there are starlight I'm guessing Yeah, anyway star lights please go ahead and assassinate people I've been almost executed three times Careful No, not me. I'm stuck in it What's the prime one That's pretty sweet Almost roll it's gonna get out of there Careful no, you're gonna beat the man the death careful Oh I can't wait for the homeland I like the tail I am bonus friend, you're the one getting executed Oh Nice execution Have the skin though trained Hey, it's in the road, but it's really good.