 What is up everyone? We're here in La Casa and it's not a Swiftress says it is being run by stupid who wants it to be called given you know based on his Zavier batty says all right stupid the game is yours go for it All right You crouch Fatty says fatty says crouch Fatty says it's jump Swiftress says go prong All right fatty says Fatty says jump it to the top There you go all right you know the players in the game can't hear me by the way I'm talking now. Yeah Fatty says you know have a little fun have a little fun swim around you know a little pool party do not stamp me all right Melee Oh You know Fatty says fatty says dragon come out of the pool Fatty says dragon Fatty says everyone else line up shoulder shoulder again fatty says in the water. Oh Outside outside again fatty says dragon come up here Yes Yeah Okay, so fatty says so fatty says your task is to run and dolphin dive and Lanna you can do it You can land on top of the diving board. I've done it. I practice before I'll try to do it just so I can you know prove that you can do it. There you go well done So fatty says you have to do that you might you guys fatty said you guys might want to move back up it You guys over here. Okay fatty says everyone else if he misses the diving word if you land in the water or on the ground you may kill Fatty says dragon go ahead Diego epic fail Fatty says Fatty says follow me Well, he couldn't die because he didn't take a run and start It's a tax friend. Yeah, he didn't tax break. I say oh this is gonna be all right Fatty says Fatty says come over here keep all holes you go inside into here. Yeah, it's fatty says I'm in the West house All right, so fatty says when you guys walk into here you guys saw a fountain fatty says there's two levels two three levels on the fountain, but I want everyone Fatty says I want everyone on the top two levels if you're not on that you'll play a mini game fatty says go Also the little thing on top fatty says also counts You're a shell Fatty says you have ten seconds go to go on the bus pushing me out It's a tough one not many faces a lot of other people but only are pushing me inwards. I really appreciate it says you fatty says freeze fatty says freeze fatty says freeze fatty says Everyone that did not row I said freeze Fatty says those of you who did not succeed follow me Right here Don't turn around you're gonna push me off fatty says Fatty says everyone make a circle around this table. We're gonna have a nice little lunch a Spread out a bit spread out of it so everyone can fit in the circle fatty says fatty says buddy says Okay, I Want everyone inside fatty says make room for this guy You okay fatty says you right here the student in the back Come over here Fatty says come over here. Okay. You're good. You're gonna never want you're gonna all right fatty says I Want you guys all to aim at one other person anyone just make sure fatty says make sure you do not have the collateral Okay, I'm absolutely dead you have a collateral looking this way. Hey, he's talking to them So y'all on this found bad not even think about it. I ain't doing so Fatty says when I name a Country with that starts with the letter M That starts with a letter M you may fire your fire your bullet. Let's a fun one. Let's see what we got new York New Mexico Hang on does it start with an And That's an end bro He says it's not like country either yeah, that's right more poor boy me Yeah, it's a fatty says you to stay over here Okay, I know I know I know I know I just stand up by the way, fatty says stand up fatty says stand up. Okay, oh Fatty says we're still continuing that mini game Mexico Wow I'm sorry guys are good fatty says What are your names again fatty says you? Fatty says what's your name Mikey Okay, fatty says what's your name? Okay, fatty says everyone else follow me everyone follow me fatty says I'm out of there boys get out get out Wake up get out I can't wait about the two guys in here Fatty says I want everyone to line up shoulder to shoulder in front of this van Fatty a loss everybody hang on Fatty says Mikey and Shadow Demon come to me Oops, I just make you in shadow demon come down them What let him do fatty's is right here what you fatty said yeah, okay Fatty says you guys come up here all right So you guys might be able to live okay fatty says your task all you have to do watch out Fatty says all you have to do is run double dive and land on the ground Fatty says all you guys that are shoulder to shoulder you can only kill them if they're in in midair You cannot shoot them when they're like perched up on the balcony or whatever you have to shoot them only when they're in midair They're dead fatty says you to go Yeah, that was brutal. That was a good bounce. Yeah The bounce Yeah, why fatty says Fatty says okay fatty says I Want everyone to choose one horse stable to stand in front of oh I don't have a horse Where see biscuit you fatty says you get on the ground and choose one Okay You're basically over there. Okay fatty says you you just stand in front of the fatty says stand in front of him Stand in the front right here because you're not Fatty says stand in front Thank you Fatty says you green person go over here Fatty says no not you this guy fatty says you move in front of here. I want you to be in front of it Thank you All right, Swiftair. I would like to do a poll For the south stable. Yep the west stable, which is the middle one and the north stable one more time south what Southwest and and north you got it all right so for this one guys anyone watching on Twitch or TikTok concept south west or north and All your votes count all right, you let me know when you want 10 seconds left on the poll Oh You want 10 seconds left now. Okay, got it. There we go 10 seconds now. Let's see And this is a random you don't know what's You don't know what's going to win maybe they win the game. Maybe maybe they are West all right West has one with 48.2 percent Okay fatty says west you guys All come out here the middle one fatty says the middle one West side Let's go here in your gun fatty says Fatty says I want both teams the west or the south and the north I want you got some lineup shoulder shoulder and facing each other fatty says go Alex get back in the friend We're so dangerous are we King of the North own south side Let's go Shoulder No RPG fatty says no RPG put that away Thank you all right Fatty says everyone look at each other Fire Not bad now fatty says rock come to here Turn around Fatty says all you guys in there kill each other Kill their own teammates yeah Join the group fatty says Sam what what All right you got your good Under he says Everyone follow me Fatty says everyone follow me The last day kill everybody yeah, I didn't need that I got you I thought yeah, I thought he says how he says Fatty says go around and look at the books on the other book shelf some over here We're gonna count actually we're gonna count we're gonna count the first two the first two rows First to bottom rows Okay, seven just you know look at look just look at the books 13 remember 14 15 PXC fatty says you guys have 10 seconds 18 right 12 That's here Fatty says follow me fatty said everyone follow me right here 19 19 19 is what I got all right fatty says everyone get on the team Now you guys all look at the books correct So I'm gonna actually go there and I'm gonna just check for myself the numbers the volume numbers and if I Hold on. I'll just make sure Yep, okay Fatty says When I say the volume number the correct volume number for at least one of the books You're safe volume numbers what Volume numbers Yeah, low-quality players can't see them Volume five Crowless yet fix Stupid says if there was a volume six crouch there was I mean we just saw I Would not have looked at that fatty says volume six crouch Nothing you guys really see the bugs are the volume okay All right fatty says follow me Oh I didn't even see him do that sneaky brown Sneaky Two players left in the game Man versus rain mask Hey Hey, Sam man Fatty says you're a lot no no no you have to be lying This is just don't just don't film me. I'm gonna actually do something. Yep, so Okay, fatty says I'm gonna hide the tactical camera around this waterfall area outside right outside that door So fatty says the first person that finds that camera when is the game? Hold on Where are you gonna get head start man man? Jamie, this is not head start. This is who has eyes Yeah, all right fatty says you two let's go I don't see it What Summer over here It's not past the waterfall. It's only in this whole area It's right there Files I'll go on it to help you out Not that hard to find found it Yeah, I found it first did say they found it first That is really obvious I mean want to move that is a salmon come over here. I don't see fatty says salmon come over here fatty says turn around GG GG Just a little bump on mini game there good melagame right there. I like that wasn't passed a waterfall. Yep, GG There we go all right well done. I really like that hide and seek you that then there was a camera very smart very smart there One game dude congratulations the rain mass way to go to everyone Hope you guys had fun unless you were in the barn during that massacre when which case all right But yeah, great job man great job. All right, everyone run up applause Physical hands for for stupid their great job, man. It's harder than it looks great job great job