 What's up everyone welcome to Syrian says Syrian go for it. Syrian says funk step up. Hey, see remember if you go through with this, you will never I repeat ever win a sellout. Just seriously say. Here we are. That's what he fun to step up. Okay. All right. He remains. He says home lander. He says homeland to step up. He says homeland. What's your name? All right. Since as rack, you are safe for the next three, five for the next few mini games. Since as rack, execute funk. That's very personal. That's very personal. You ain't never. Since as funk, you can rejoin if you want, of course, you know, I'm not going to pick on anyway. I have to keep a beat. Since as home lander, stand here, please. You're safe. Just because you're home lander. I love my love. I love funk. Okay. All right. So he says time for end to welcome, guys. Syrian says, you know, I don't know what I'm doing, but Syrian says. Since as crouch. Since I stand. Now, nice. You warmed up swift to a set to crouch if you want to die. Wait. What? Nobody. What? Nobody listens to swift these days. Oh, man. I don't matter. Since as look at the hands of home lander right there, not me. I wasn't looking at you anyways. Since as make sure you're aiming at his head. Fire if you want to die. Nice. All right. Since as everybody, I'm, this is the real home lander. Since everybody follow me, please. This is let's kick it. God, let's kick it. God. What? She said, let's kick it off with a very hard mini game. This has lineup. Just lineup. Show the shoulder. Please. You are right. That is our hard money. It's a wall. There's a wall. It's a wall. Guess what was good. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The wall. All right. Syrian says. Since as I will show you. Ghosts are playing. Look. He says go. There's the wall. There's a very game. Look to that. Serenium. You know what? It says go. You're not against the wall. Just go to the very end. You good. No. Syrian says. If you're extremely confident in your parko skills crouch. Just for information, it's it will involve going out of here. And it's it's extremely dangerous. Sweet. Three people chance. It's you get a very good reward. Sweet. No, crouch. I said crouch. Since as crouch if you're extremely confident. Hey, Brad. D. Allen. Is that who was that? This is what you know. It's D. Allen. Wow. I don't want you to die. Don't try. Don't die. Since as everybody who crashed step up. This guy's going to dump you down is committing. You try not. For a second. We're to the very west. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. God. Oh, God. I know. I know. I'm not going to work out. See if says follow me. I'm going to show you the parko. I wonder what Syrian has planned here. Since as. See, okay. So the mini game basically is a parko, right? You're going to step up on that street. And I say go. This is the first pole, right? Wait, you see the first pole, the second pole, and the father's pole is the last one. Syrian says you're going to have to run on that street out of bounds. Jump on the third and second pole and come back here without dying. Since as crouching first, it means you go first. It's very complex. Wow. All right. They are dead. They are all dead. Watch out there, right? Since as you were, you will pick two people to do a really good mini game. Since as stupid, whenever you're ready, man. Hmm. Sorry. Okay. No, not yet. Not yet. You have to do the challenge. Yeah, you got to do the challenge. All right. And he says, he says, how are we roared without the risks? You got to get a feel stupid. Go. Since as go. You have to make it. If you die, it's your own fault. I failed. Oh, no. Oh, no. He is dead. Oh. Wow. If you want to go second, since as crouching means you die. Ah. Since as crouching, you want to go second. Oh, next. That one was there. Oh, there you go. Yeah, I'm on tiered. Wow. You guys are scared. It's still and please don't die. I'll try and go. They're all dying. They are all dying. They are all dying. They're good to you. It's not dead. Oh. Yes. Oh. Is that even in the zone? Yago and Laird is stopped volunteering. He almost dead. Yeah, I'm so delighted. Since as next, since as next, jump if you want to be next. Ben, I go. Let's go. Let's do it, is that? All right, Ben. I mean, Tael got really close there. Go, Ben, huh? Come back, come back, come back. Ah. I did it multiple times. It's very doable. All right, so he's very glad he's gonna go back if he wants. Since as you can stay if you still believe you can do it. You are the shouts. You are the show bandit you're watching the clip Since as Jimmy do you want to stay? Are you sure I'm not going back there? Whenever you want to stand me I gotta die Jimmy. I gotta die Jimmy. You go first then Okay, yeah, sirian show us that you can do it Yeah, if you're so good at it if you're so good at it, man. You should go then I can't I can't no man Yes, you can read you on the game if you want Let's go Since I look on the host I can't like risky, right? But it's easy. I gotta get a few open hands. Oh Almost didn't die. You know what easy so you know what since as since as Sandman you win because nobody's doing it man since as San man. I want to do it. Wait. What you me? Do I show if you get a look at the wood? He's got the right to do it. I'm gonna do it. I maybe want to go for both balls Let's go Jimmy did it better. Yeah, Jimmy. Jimmy. Give me one of them get it. Yeah Since as Jimmy you choose Things as Jimmy choose to play it for me to do a mini game. All right very fun funk and Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy Funk and the home lander. Yes, I like Jimmy says funk and home lander come know what you doing right now, right? So he says we're doing this the assignment again that that's what to try to do the other the other day all right, so seeing says Take a good look at each other you guys are going to kill each other when I say word Syrian says I'm not gonna have you kill each other now But you're gonna watch out when I for when I say the name of a company any company for example See you didn't say by the way don't do it for example whatever Xbox Swift two lands answer my pants or Any company Toyota Toyota anything anything right when I say Since as when I say the name of a company you both are gonna kill each other all right since as well to view go back in line We get the sense of what he wants it means like you know like a like a brand everybody follow me Lynn thank you very much for the gifts I appreciate that He's gonna drop it Yeah, I think it's the spirit of the games when he says I can sell to your company like on the lookout then I get it since it's getting down Brother if you don't get on the umbrella you're in big trouble Hey Okay, you say under the umbrella, but now you say on the umbrella He's got an accent you gotta account for that. I do not account for that is a English Year zone Sorry, what are you on dude? Sorry? Since as fun I need you for the mini game. I need your life since as fun get on the umbrella since has made come for fun This is make room for him we can't it just won't let me up fun you can make it He's blocking him. He's blocking him He's being blocked literally pressing this There was blocking him. Just doing mother loves come on. Let's one. Do the mother loves All right, so you says Remember the throwing life mini game. It's coming back, baby Oh, all right, so you can says if anybody in that group moves you are allowed to kill them carefully though. So since as everybody frees All right, if I see you move, I will kill you since as if you see anybody move Carefully kill them all right, please Bromance I'm going to be throwing They can look around they can look around or go crouch or prone, but just don't move don't touch you don't tell me funk Since as I'm going to be throwing two throwing ice and I am sorry to have a dice So you're just starting them directly fall up in the air. Yep. I die your mini game is done Yeah, since as fun maybe I don't know He's measuring the distance he knows exactly how far it goes sounds good He's gonna kill fuck one try first throwing knife. I got a mini box broke. Oh Shit Seren says get ready good ready for the second throwing Now get rainbow cap. Oh shit. Oh no No, that shit bounce back dude Since as everybody line up and follow me if you can since as everybody line up. He's got that down to a sign, huh? Thank you for saying Well, it seems as backup backup back the line up. Oh, this is not fair So let me guys tell you a story, you know This this one game you guys know all of you probably rainbow six seed right? I love it, but it's bug dried now for me and I'm trying to contact support to like To get it working, but it let oh But basically dude the supporters just so bad they can't help me at all dude. I hate playstation support You know what that's not gonna work because His scan change bro You're supposed to look at his gun What we all the homeland I Want to pull them there's multiple of Funk funk you're gonna have a really good chance of surviving well, though at least you killed them Someone else at the same time He should have it that's not my fault. He should have ran in front of them. I Didn't know All right, all right guess what guess what we're gonna make funk suffer seriens as funk Stand right here. It's not my fault that he ran in front of you. I killed him says I do not move an inch funk Since actually since as you guys move back Move back. Don't be don't be nearer. Don't be nearer. You can go like I Think you find I think you find all right since as fun. Do you have a melee take out your other weapon? Yeah, I got a knife nice. All right since as for everybody aim at funks head Teen says Sins says She's sticking with the shark stick Is this animation? This is free since I freeze since I freeze since I freeze since I freeze Through that mine pick it up All right since everybody follow me. Let's go try to search me now. Wow. I don't get any revenge crazy It was No, no, no, no since as pick a boat since as pick a boat I'll go with this one All right love. All right Since I swift or I need a pull please what you want man No, sirion says I want to pull with one two or three both one both two and both three It's up so many how much time you want oh by the way, okay, so put chat Can talk chat have one two or three can I'll switch your votes if you want you go for how much time? Since I'm 30 seconds and since as my My discos bugging out on mid-join and voice chat real quick. Yeah, I go for it man All right, there you go folks watching live Type one two or three I typically go live on both switch and Tiktok I am not able to go live on YouTube at the same time unfortunately because of contractual reasons I Could do YouTube and TikTok but a little tricky anyway last seconds place those votes one two or three Come on All right the final one is number two oh Teen says both one get out of the house. Yes, he says both three get out of the building I can't wait for No, sir, there we go. I don't like this Serious says can you guys yeah, I think you guys can make a circle make a circle All these squares make their circle all these squares make a circle Small circle. There's not many of you guys since I make a circle Do you say on the boat or we get off the make a circle just make a circle then closer? No, actually, no, that's a fine. That's fine. That's fine. That's fine. All right. See you and says Aim at somebody see says No, no, no, no, since that's free. See that's free. No, no, no, so he says you and you what are your names? Send the men Send the men, please says the two of you Send them in put me in the circle But I'm directly in the middle of circle No They deserve to be on the boat Syrian put them in the center Join the circle We don't take them Everybody I met one person Yeah I'm it funk I stand by that No, I'm with funk on this Hey ruined it. See he says sing says when I yelled at Gapwood you're gonna fire Wow Bad I'm not wrong. You were wrong. No, you're totally wrong. We had this happen. We had this happenance with Swiftus as the other day. You are totally wrong. Like you are you are a firey wrong. That is correct. You guys know French is up right right guys. Guys. Funk is firing. Whoa, see the stop see the stop. What do you do? I'm the same man killed one person. Oh, I forgot about the fire. We don't know. Let's go. Oh, because the only shot once one person or I see says everybody's who pop. That's what I'm saying. Oh, no. That's right to me. It depends. But I think you're wrong. All right. I didn't know what I see this window right there. If you jump in the water, you're going to be in a dangerous mini game. She says line up in a one-sake single file line. They need a melee weapon to work. You're going to go and jump in that window. If you miss the window, if you get in the water, then you have to try and make a ball. This is a hard one. Yeah, yeah, yeah, don't worry, man. Don't worry. Don't worry. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Why are these the guns? Kill them. You have them on bullet refund. What's your name? Your buddy, you got it. Let's see inside to pop the window. That's the only way you can get in. Get them. I'm about to need more than three inches of room for people. All right, make sense. Make some room for them. Seren's being way too nice, man. You can roll lateral gunfire. All right, I'll forgive you. Since it's go one at a time, let's go. All right, all right. I'm not going in an angle. Fail. You said stay in the water. Actually, no. Wait, wait. Since it's freeze. If you get in the water, just get up here with me. Since it's go. All right, since it's you may continue. Fail. Fail. Fail. Fail. You might want to tell me. Oh, I was almost saying it. It looks good at the game. Fail. Fail. Fail. Fail. Fail. I do want to go free cam, but Seren requested I do it for misview the entire game. Which is fair? The problem is you need like an eight meter per second run to make that jump. I'm going to check. I'm sure you got a second, dude. Speedometer on. Since there's too many people, even since everybody gets a retry. Okay. Backspirit this time. This is... Bro. Make sure you have your secondary on it. It makes it easier to run when you attack run. Oh, there's one. There you go. Fail. Dude, just stay out of the way. There you go. Oh, my God, man. Dude, make some moves like you go. I'm pretty sure this is the kind of number one they're... We'll have them in the half. You don't need room. Alright. But you guys have to jump later. Alright. Seren, alright. Seren says stay here. Seren says... What are you guys at? Yeah, Seren says you guys... Only three. She says you guys stay here. You can watch out of the window. Just stay here. Alright. She says the rest of you guys get on this little... Building idea. Get in the rooftop. Alright. She says line up if you can. Yeah, just... There we go. No, not me, since it's the other line. Nice. Alright. Crouching last means you die. This has crouching last means you die. Ah! Alright. Standing last means you die. Since I stand and die. Wow, man. Since I speak about now. Hi, Liv. Again? Again, yeah! Since I say you. Since you partner up with this guy. You both seem very... Yeah. We got a lot of couples here. Alright, since I yell out... Alright. Remember what happened to fun girl. Since I yell out word that rhymes with melee. You will melee. So he says don't melee. Good. Wait, oh. No, no, no, stop. He said stop. You don't like that rhyme with himself guys. He said don't melee like you melee me. It was really the same word. How does that work? Look, I didn't say the word. It wasn't the one sentence but it didn't really say the word. So he says whoever got it killed step up. Yeah, loves. Oh man. I should just kill the two of you here. Alright. Since I stand up everybody. Oh my god, job. Since I look pay attention. No, since I say you guys don't need your partners anymore. Since I pay attention. Here. Since I see these two balls. You get on those? You can stand on them. Oh, that's cool. Since I was the first to be able to stand on a pole. I'll save for the next mini game. Since I go. Oh, that's fun. I want to use that myself. Learned all about challenge. Oh, it's a lot of fun. Oh, it's a lot of fun. It has turned around. Time to crunch. This is fun. They're falling off. I like this. Yeah. It is very possible. I said I did it earlier. Yeah, sure. That's possible. Yeah. It's going to be awesome. I have a feeling. I think I'm overestimating the skill. Oh, yeah, I know. Along the left seems to be easier. People are getting on the left more easily. You've got a tax on it. Ah, wait. Oh, my god. There we go. There we go. There we go. One's on there. I don't know if that one's possible from over there. That seems like a tough one. Oh, yeah. Alright. So what is possible? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah, they made it. Alright. Since there's the rest of you. It's crazy. Since there's. Alright. Since there's. I see how do I. How are we going to do with this? Since there's the two of you. Join the people there in that building. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so in that building the guys that are saved. Since there's the two of you join them. You don't have to make the jump. A. But since as you guys stay here. Alright. Since as you guys. A crouch if you want to be my assistant. Okay. I'll do it. Never �ive. Oh, that would've caught me too. That would've caught me too. I think he did that. Think he did now He did he did not I don't think he did okay I did not No, I said I said he did if you want to be my assistant basically and they crouched All right, I'm not Man, I did not No, he did All right, all right, all right, since as the first two of you to crouch on my assistant All right since as you're not my assistant since as the two of you come with me Really Wow, wow English only English All right, see you and says Yes, yes, yes, hold it up All right since as you Actually Since as both of you stand here Since as both of you on the fence All right, see you and says what's what's your name? I know that's bandit you since as you what's your name? chill All right since as chill here since as bandit Uh Yeah, since as go Since I do it do it. I'm safe put your yeah, put it Do it. There you go. There you go. All right. I hope the I hope to not stream watching all right since as come you come Watch out for the yeah, watch out since as coming follow me Someone clipped it say syrian says for this Oh, I've seen since as you could join the people on the rooftop Let it go if he said syrian says he said syrian says yeah Since as how many of you was there five or since the five of you follow me Since as the other two you can also chill and bandit you can also follow me, but just Yeah, take the same map. All right since as lineup here. It's gonna be a race actually a death race. It's about dying Since as bandit and chill you guys can yeah, just stand here. You guys are not participating Syrian says lineup lineup make it face since as lineup shoulder shoulder All right Oh, damn Yeah, yes since as let me show you the path When you stand here, just go straight ahead see it's like a long bridge This is the list face you're gonna be running away from a bomb drone Since as when I say go You're gonna run for your life just make sure you're not the last one because I'm going to blow it up And I'm gonna make sure it kills the last the last guy like the slowest one of you, right since as just The path is you just go straight ahead since as crouch if you're if you understand Oh Good since as just go straight ahead and when you reach the I think it's like a taco van Oh, yeah, that's on the other side when you reach What's that there's a when you feel like a burger van or whatever This is when you reach that When you reach that first vehicle you say from the bomb drone Since as you only go into go on my go This has swift you may go on Freak him if you want Freedom from sy serians camera work. I'll get right to go See it says on my go you will start to run in oh well not yet Stee says go Go go go one from the bunch Wow I I may have forgotten about the clocks mine blowing up the Well, that's it. That's it. That's it You all got compressed and there was no Against me All right, maybe I'm maybe I'm sorry. Maybe I'm not sorry, but that happened soon says Since as look at this Since as do you like this All right, I love it since as crouch since as crouch if you want The centric and since as the main standing if you want to care package All right Don't pick up that care package once the game Oh There's no the intelligence This is missing Oh No, dude, don't be the suspect for right since as chill will you trying be honest will you try to pick it up or did you just Just feel like going because he didn't say to go up to the care package You know Yeah, he was Okay Since as banded pick up the care package You What did you get? I like this since as how about the mini game you have a melee right you're gonna be running fast you have Seren come on All right you lost since as all right, let's let's look like since as both of you follow me You Since as bandit I'm gonna say you're gonna start here all right Yeah, would you bomb drawn and he's gonna be hiding somewhere on the map And he's gonna try to run away from your bomb drone right since as chill follow me. I'll start my own drum All right All right open the door You got this man You know There you go. All right. He had a plan. He had a plan. Seren had it for a second I guess so this time. He just really opened the door I Didn't see what he did There I go there congratulations man All right band to congratulate man Seren really well done man. Excuse me Hey eat Yes, yes, yes Am I not loud enough All right there. I go great game Serien a lot of cool stuff in that one impressive as always dude A particular fan I really like the initial park or challenge along the wall did not know you could do that It's a cool one. I'm definitely gonna do one of those and give you crap for it along with the poles No, there's a lot of points are really cool. So well done man um Yeah great game everyone congratulations the bandit and I would not have given chill a second chance personally, but we're all worked out Great game guys changing and again For Clause for Serien. Let's go great job great job