 What is up everyone? This is not Swiftress says it is super knock says go for it man. Alrighty. How you guys doing? You guys, you guys are fine. Just have a conversation with me. How you guys? A lot of the folks in here. All right. Super says Syrian. Sep 4. I've got to click with you, right? Last match. You said that you didn't say Syria says, but in fact you did. Someone has the proof and I looked it over. So we're going to make a commence for that. Syrian says fun. Come up. I see you're going to superset Syrian follow me. I swear to God he just said Syrian says but I'm It's the iterations all yeses. All right. Super said you're your job. You're going to run down this hallway. And you can you can you can you can you can take cover if you'd like. No, you have to use your secondary. Take a knife out. Yep. Yep. Super says fun follow me over here. I'm trash. It's sniper rifle. So you're not behind the Seglitz right here. You got that. You can have your sniper out. Your job is to kill Syrian while he's running through that tunnel. And he is he is he definitely has a chance to survive. You cannot Syrian you cannot go you cannot go into the side room. This is illegal. All right. One is he's saying you're going to start you're going to start right here. Yes, he's going to live. I'm trash. He's going down a tunnel. Fun. Keep got this. I faith in you're going to join salmon. Once you get next to salmon you are safe. Salmon's going to die. Someone's going to die in this line. Can I do this? Yeah, but you have to start back there. All right. All right. All right. Fine. Show me what you got. It says. I ain't got. I ain't got shit. I tell you I'm trying to start right. Go go. I was next to say it was a hunter. The only one in burping on the sand was next to it. If you sat in that seat, it was 100% next to me. I was right next to 10 men. It's a shame. He didn't touch him. But this person across is going to be a sniper while func runs. Wait, what? I saw you first. I'm a man. He was not next to him. All right, Ager. You're going to take off. Func spot. Now, func, please start with serene was. What is func come this way? Super says func come this way. Yeah, you tried it. No, I didn't. I said func are going to start right here. And you're going to you can weave. You can dodge. You could do whatever. Yeah, once you once you see seven men, sevens, the the rank place. Can't stand there right under when you once you get next to salmon. You're saying where's the man it? Where's the man? Over here. Right there. I'm over here. But here in spot. He's standing right here. I'm going to be standing right here. He already has. Go. What do you got a haroscope? I was quick scoping. All right, because he's mounted. He's mounted. Super. You can do it. You can do it. You said go. I know. I seen he started. Oh, he didn't deserve that. Super says. Super says. Super says. Super says. He's doing all these cars. Make sure there's no one in between. No one. No one in the business. That's the way it goes. That's the way it goes. That's the way it goes. That's the way it goes. I want everyone's trying the cars. Serene, I have a piece of you with me forever. All you guys all you guys bunched up over here, please make some of you. Some of you please come over here. This is blood. There we go. All right. I'm sorry, but I had the buy putts. What man? It's so easy to kill you. You got to put musical chairs, right? You guys, you guys know how musical chairs works? Yeah. Yeah. Super says you guys are all going to rotate counterclockwise. So what are you running? And when I say when I say freeze. Yeah. Yeah, go to your right. And when I say freeze, first, last person person going to be up for a dangerous minute yet. First, last person. Last person. All right. Super says begin running around the cars. Run. Run. Go. Run. Go. Run. How do you do it? I'm cutting people. I don't care. Run, bitch. Who wouldn't do the cars? Freeze. Oh, wow. I think that I said. Yeah. I just said it was I then. This is confusing. What? This was kind of confusing. You didn't say super says. I said I said I said I said I said it as a. I said when I say freeze. Yeah. Yeah. When I say freeze, you're going to be on the front. All right, stupid. Super says follow me. Stand up. Stand up on the truck over here. Stupid. Where'd you go? You said stupid. It says. I said super says. I said super says. Follow me. I said it again. All these S names. God, thanks. Look at that next game. All right, run. Super says on your feet. Super says we're getting moving around the cars. He doesn't have to say if he says. Get your ass off. Anyway, he is doing it correctly. He doesn't have to say to be the best freeze. He says we'll see how high that yellow car. There is no escape. He's running with us. Who's coming through? Super says freeze. We didn't have to do that. Wow, it crouched for me. I'm lucky We caught him good. I see if you can I know how you know you are Mars kids all right now now There's gonna be a bit of a twist to this round super says on your feet Super says I want you guys to rotate around these cars in the other direction Rule still applies super says when I say freeze last person to go to a problem is gonna be held in jones minigame super says begin I Was that free super says free super says free super says freeze Throw that I can I can Super knocks in it wow Wow You're on the car, but it knocks me off He's not We got a lot we got a lot of dead people anyway. All right See it's super says stupid in Orange Band to follow me. No, you guys save it No, go back over there You two are gonna play fun little snapper one B1 alright Super said super says There you one of you's gonna be lined up over here on this side and the other's gonna be lined up over here on this side There we go Rules are you cannot pass the great if you're on this side and you stupid you cannot pass this the solid line that separates the tunnel Alright going in the tunnel is illegal now. I will kill you on the spot got it You guys are also able to move left and right you guys don't have to be in each other sites You guys want to try again some jump shots and all right super says begin That was instantaneous Super says rest you guys follow me All right, let me see Oh, I'm going the wrong way I need to go this way Wait, which way huh come back to the bar I gave a close to the car Thanks to the bar next to the bar room all right super says get on a bench if you can make as much room as you can Close the stores if you can't get in that's all right try to But Find an L over it's you are a kid me man who here Super says who here has a claymore No, super says if you if you have claymore come out to the truck No claymore all right super says even a prox mine go out to the truck I heard something oh my god How many do you something nope super says someone through something where I think they picked it up okay good Locked it and catch you bro all right All right super says last two people to crouch Do what all right super says the people like crouch go back inside the the barbershop wait last two people to crouch what yeah I just I just need to be more for the prox mines All right close these doors make sure I don't get a view all right let's get some names super says your name Cash oh, this is cast love cast super says who's this Sweetest chef already. This is awkward super says sweet switch with follow me I want you to place your prox mine right there Super says cast come over here. I got replaced it's dead right here. That's okay Super says place your prox mine right here behind the skate Good good super says please rejoin the group in the barbershop Where to go Yeah, yeah, you kind of did you kind of said behind the gate I did okay super says I want you guys to patternize yourself So I want one person standing one person crouching in order starting with you You Wait, what what It's gonna go pattern so black so oh Tell on your feet tips us see on my feet Wait, so he's come back up here. I he's crouching You crouch Yeah, I'm standing crouch stand Crouch and stand crouch stand There's three people standing All right, super says if you get this clutch come out of this alleyway back here You guys will have to stay crouch you guys are fine All right, you guys are all people that stand perfect. We're gonna be running two different Run what do you call it death races? I guess And that's what you call it Super says the people standing please follow me Yeah, we stand together Die together soon. All right, you know you lie alone. It's all know that there are two prox minds out somewhere I'm gonna tell I'm gonna show you guys. I don't know where the second one is. I messed up You guys supersize you guys must stay here and you must reach me to finish this race got it Yeah All right, you guys see me over here. Yes Yes, uh, yes, yeah, yeah, you know, last last person that meets me on this roof dies super says go That was an attack I didn't go off didn't go off Not what I expected oh I'm sorry I asked when you were the last one Super says super says our shman go sit on a police car. Oh no, no Yeah, there's no way right there not the coil Corona man Your dog looks funny all right not for you folks Super says super says Follow me No, I love seeing those people do these games man All right, these are neat ideas freeze Your guys is objective. I'm going to be let's see here. How do I want to do this? Oh, I got I got I got it all right Super says I want you guys to run around through the tunnel where I had the sniper Sniper thingy happened earlier run around and I want I want you guys to touch that garbage truck You follow sure yeah sure all right So I'm gonna repeat it if you guys are unaware I want you guys to run this way Through this little tunnel out around to the courtyard and touch the garbage truck Okay ready set go That's important freeze Super says I want you to run out who did it this guy right here in the gold mask All right Oh my god I didn't say super says All right, super says the other person I got right it out Redness good all right, super says stand right here behind this Awesome super says face this direction down the middle lane But like the alleyway for the shafts Super says stand up there you go super says pollution I brought So All right super says turn 90 degrees to your right Congrats man Now you're looking at my middle lane perfect all right super says Irishman on the police car can you get the yellow van? Yellow van right A tenth baby calendar we marked you see your opponent you see his glint out in the background All right super says I want you guys to both run to the north sides of the map from where you're standing And you guys are gonna have a sniper won't be one the goal is for you guys to hopefully get get close enough to each other That we can have a nice clean fight at the warehouse over here You guys got it Wait the north side of the map yeah north side of the map you guys are both gonna run to the north north side of the map And we're gonna have a sniper won't be one Super says begin Oh smart cookie That is proximity mine of all time not smart enough What do you guys do it? Oh I'm ready to go shadow clone Yeah, Jack can't wait to be there man Super says me me in the One They want to talk said I said you guys gonna run to the north side of the map and have a sniper won't be one I did say that this is that what made me never says me me me me me in the last That's a very sexist Mine that cross mine is sexist as hell It might be yeah that actually as a good boy. It's a very good boy Yeah, just me. Yeah, you killed off a ton of people in that mini-gett whatever mini-gett we did earlier You should not have won attacker you should go to the fatty Wow All right super says on this first floor There are elephants on these tables Super says I want you guys to pay close attention to these elephants count them look at all the features do whatever you have to Super says come look at these elephants all their attributes You Super says you guys have 15 seconds 10 Five four three two one super says freeze look away Super says I want to wind up shoulder shoulder backs the elephants Oh You lost Oh, where the other shoulder please You guys are all cluttered in the middle you guys have a lot of room over here There we go there we go All right now pay attention very carefully to these next commands Super says if there were three ripped elephants go into prong I don't know Super says if there were eight elephants in total crouch I don't know You guys are good super says that there were two ripped elephants go into prong. Oh One two Hi, you two seem like you guys weren't too sure Was there any reason you guys were delayed I know I just didn't do that that's all that's all right super says you two come back here stand behind this this little table You guys laying down next to next to diamond yes, please super says follow me over here All right, stupid says three people to stand will join them super says if they were Well, I mean you did say super says lastly We've got three sets super says recesses as everyone on your feet over here Everyone on your feet super says on your feet I messed that up. That's my bet all right Super says last three people to go into prong after this next command will join them Super says Senders the goal lock All right after the next commit Super says if there were two ripped elephants go into prong Oh You two Laura croft and the body over here with whatever green sniper that is Super says you two please join them behind the table I mean you can do that but Oh, you know, it's cool. We get all day Bye honey Alrighty super says all of you guys You see where the you see where T. Allen and these rest these four guys are super says I want you guys over here next to the ladder I want you guys to stand behind them you you guys in front will crouch I want I want to make sure there's no collaterals with this We've been playing whack em all that's what you guys are wondering oh All right, so super says I want I want a macro no no super says off the table you guys do not get that Let's see where's the cut off here super says I want you I want you guys Next to salmon past salmon the three of you over here. I want you guys over there Yes, you with the gold cyber super says join them over there. Yeah me yes already Yeah, be sure to crouch Irishman. No, if you're the front you guys crouch. Yes Super says you guys behind super says you guys behind the table you guys need to Stand up twice and you guys are safe super says the rest of you guys you all get to shoot them once you see the head up Not yet not yet. Well, not give the word You guys know to do you got it anybody confused? No, all right. No super says begin Perfect you guys are the two times are you guys not shooting why are you trying to shoot through it? What are you doing? Whoa stop what is going bro? There's someone stood up again. Oh Oh Just kind of not stand up twice by the way Toys the guy with snitches bro snitches all right super says Cassie and whoever lower crop is please join the snipers Super says apparently we have an issue. I've got I've got a ghost something that you didn't stand up twice is that correct? Like I did I did stand up twice, but okay. I'll face consequence. Okay That's not very sincere there did he or did he not did anybody else see I was accounting there's too much He sounds very sincere You get three more three more types supersets you stand up three times and crouch and you are safe Super says begin Oh super says everybody follow me Oh Did that one go off? Okay, what in the corner did yeah, yeah, now I know which one is still active we all just All right super says wait right here Super says you guys see these you guys see this little red tent things right that are I want I want you guys to choose choose choose was tense you guys want to stand on Ready set go Super says go Yeah I don't know our games don't our discord server discord dot gg forts last before the one person on it that doesn't Oh, okay, that's you almost killed me Oh, you guys are not they do not know the order right I'm gonna die. Can you move please? Thank you, thank you Yeah, that's what I almost happened to me You know that's all right I'm sliding off Oh, there we go. Thank you He says you're gonna be Super says those of you guys who are on the same tent these are your teammates Uh-oh, Sanman I'm not sure I have no idea who this is is this right now you know uh you know that it's actually actress Okay, I know I forgot your I forgot your full I'm just the camera man my supposed to say super says we'll try to like a pull please Oh, sorry, sir, what else was it? Oh, yeah, so what do you want for a pull? Um left middle right How many times time do you want it three seconds 18 seconds is fine 18 Got 18 seconds everyone watching the stream type left mid right doesn't matter where you're watching your votes count You'll see your name pop up right above me over here. I've left mid right as you play as in the game also voting very Interesting so good luck there. That's what I do. That's what I always do Seconds left Mid is the winner fall by left then right All right, so if there says mid group I said switch or super says mid group please jump down follow me Oh So it says make make a square around the circle He said square around the circle says watch yeah don't fall for it. Oh, for Yeah This is awful I'm the trick him super says please make a square around the circle Here in T. Allen says it's gonna be a treat to my ears It says you must be you must be your class across across from another player Awesome All right super says super says when I when I say the name of a of a Super says when I say the name of Pokemon you will fire at the person across from you I would die if this was me Nobody yes. That's a good one. I've never used Pokemon. Rar Poke Plus What's that what's that one that's what's that one man. I can't remember wasn't it nagron Oh super super says freeze Stop real because says let me take a guess you guys you guys know what's about Pokemon be here There's like 900 them and they're in their defense There's like Because I didn't say the name of the actual Pokemon so super says you guys are gonna get one. Okay. Yeah Yeah Super says same rules apply for you cannot pass this great or enter the tunnel Super says you cannot pass the solid white line you are allowed you guys do not have to start in the center Super says you guys can start from the side you guys can get jump angles do whatever All right super says begin Oh About top of that roof over there lean good job chill Yeah, what do you want do you want left right? Yes, you got one second here. All right guys get ready for another pole going up into some moments here So it's left and right Guys have 18 seconds No left Don't fall right don't fall right guys don't fall right Don't fall right And the right wins with 51.1% 1% You got to save awesome awesome super says left That's not true. That's not true. I'm still gonna make a play mini game relax. We're like All right, when I say the name of an injured turtle you will fire at the other player April Shredder Master splinter Man, I can't believe the motel least was painted by Michelangelo super says freeze Oh Shocking god All right, same little supply. It's not the others super says begin First double shots Oh, are they both not oh The group of says shadow do you want to show up on the roof over the job shadow all right? I have not forgotten about you guys you guys still can play another mini game. Oh, super says all five of you please follow me All right super says if you look to the south side of this little market there are different stands There are numbers On these tags super says I want you to stand in front of one of those signs Ah sure this one about 1540 kind of guy So super says do not do not focus on the sent sent number super says only focus on the big number Okay, I Can't even read the sent number my graphics at Suga All right super says please turn around You Finish him there we go. Oh All right, if your number was 16 or lower crouch Oh, would that be if you're number greater than 20 from Attacker twice oh no attacker I thought that was an actual grenade you through It technically was in say super says all right super says if your number was greater than 20 go into prone All right, we have two teams settle here super says I want you guys in prone Oh, he's set behind this box over here. I'm watching both chats guys. I just got a Can man Super says you to go go behind the elephant. I thought I thought the teams were Oh It's dancer you're gonna die. I'm sorry. Oh, no. I suck at sniping too. It's okay. Okay Nice and encouragement nice encouragement super says your goals till the other two players begin Super says begin Nice With the first I know I know I got no idea where they want In a very in a very rain mass movie kill the host of the game No one is surprised That is that is fun Super nox would you look super nox is up to you can rejoin the game if you'd like or you can command as a ghost both are fine But there are 30 minutes left. I will command as a ghost. All right Great We didn't move you guys on the roof please meet in the center of the map underneath the blue tarps as well as the people behind the yellow van Super says go Feel a little sweat is a final four it is it is Super says looks right up Super says fire one bullet super says crouch Super says look another player across from you It says baili Same energy good super says fire Oh Wait what he's wait what is Fire that's actually a good point Oh no he's no he said super fire super says fire yeah Oh No Chill never killed anyone there he did fire that's still The nerves man square man anyway I will I will assume it aside how how that's his game That's all right that's that's the game that's the winner all right there we go that chill the winner congratulations chill Chill what's your shout out The minutes of three guys dops you shout out to all my friends There you go there you all right great job super knocks a lot of fun stuff there great idea with all the all the snapper rifles A little Pokemon game a lot of things really well done man GG dude that was great A round of applause for super knocks guys let's go I don't really ready physical clapping where is my clapping Thank you