 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says let's begin Swiftress says look behind you All right, so there are three heaters Those Swiftress is aim at the heater closest to you Yeah, you can tell that the the fire is not on right now. I'm watching light it up now go ahead heat it up Figured Swiftress says unload So does that stop Hang on Swiftress has turned back around So does all three home landers come on down Less low proms. So does you three look at me? Christ what does this three of you? This is three of you please crouch With a real home lander please stand up please stand up for the real home lander please stand up All right, so it says with the fake home lander please stand up All right, all right, well, I won't fake cool. Does that mean that you two are the real home landers? So does a Syrian Sam man come with me You just as both you guys claim to be the real home lander That corrects what it says if you're the real home lander stand up Where does they come? Head back to the land please I think they should fight to the death to see who's the real one You need to fight the death all right. So does this come on down? Who said that? That's You said they should fight to the death. I'm glad you volunteer. It's gonna be a 2v1 over here. Look at man. They're gonna fight you to the death I love these ideas great Listen man, you look look that was a great idea fight to the death look you can look imagine man Visualize you can buy me a visualize success Close your eyes and visualize you destroying both home landers one on one melee Think about that man. You will have destroyed two out of three home landers in the slobby Yeah, man, you see you're prepared look at that dude Are you dude? Aren't you thirsty for victory? Listen, listen SM I know you look you're just talking you really don't deserve any push right now. So if you really don't want to do this you can go back in the line go ahead Good you're staying excellent. So just as you make two What's wrong you didn't go back to the line There's a reason I didn't say get ready for battle all right, so it says YouTube. Please stand over here You know let's make this a little fair. So it says Sandman please stand over here. They might look you can run around If you get them a kill each other that'd be great. So does Syrian please stand over here All right, now let's have a little little game here the rest of you guys get the play also Swiftus says we think the home landers will survive that means at least one home landers is still standing Prouch you think SM will defeat both home landers will be the last You're gonna team mate. Yo, I got a teammate. I got a teammate. I got a teammate now Swift says silver tiger you are joining SM No You were enjoying hang on hang on hang on hang on hang on tortoises out of you for if you've killed another player in this lobby crotch tortoises view for players sort of if you've killed another player in this lobby so far please crouch Thank you great. So just as you're gonna stay crotch this entire battle good luck This man he doesn't get he doesn't get a bent the benefit of mobility from murdering a player right all right Look it's a 2v2 All right, okay, so the people standing believe in you as uh You and your partner The two people standing are the people Sam believe in all right now. So it says you can't change your votes guys So it says freeze your votes in Swiftus says you for pair yourselves. It's melee only that's it So it says go Oh You guys do not stand the chance all of you right there That's my kill oh no Oh no I can't get on Swift bro. How could you do that? Oh no I was I was thinking of those day. Well this is very out Oh Oh no all right Well There we go all right Swiftus says both of you guys with the real home landers. What does go back to the line? Congratulations Who's looking who's asking to rejoin? I gave you the okay like five minutes ago man. What's taking you so long? All right, so it says if you are standing please come forward the folks who voted for We voted wrong. Yep, so this is your standing. Yep, come on over. You voted That's what you get nope. You're not being punished. They're not being punished All right, we know we're all isn't it. Oh, so it says you need a guy's you to avenge those guys So it says all sort of all of you laps your little shoulder here So it says will anyone who is the real home lander please come down Oh So just remaster come on down Oh So does Jack rejoin the game All right We said it's gonna be a seven versus three What have we done to deserve this Listen, I know I operate one simple fact this game the real home lander is invincible you guys aren't being picked on you guys are simply being tested You know I've had your milk Sorry, you're sort of just come on back bro. What you just he died my lobby No, I forgive him. He's also for him. You forgive him. Yes, what does your own there team go ahead All right, it's a four v seven There is no coming back if you die here guys. This is this is final death Wait, what are the rules? Rules are real simple are the same. It's mainly only that's it Remember guys you're only killing the other team don't kill each other Shouldn't he lose his mobility? Oh, no, he just teabagged. No, he didn't kill somebody. Oh, yeah, that's correct Oh, just remastered He made the make a good point Kakashi makes a good point he makes a good point is right is right Oh, he's right. Listen, man. He took a life. He took a life. You see jack look at that jack's life was taken Yeah, I think I think he had to come back on dragon road or whatever it is to get back over here. I was The boy's character. Yeah What do you mean you murdered him? All right anyway, it's time enough. All right, listen. It's a seven v four. Oh, it's winter. Tell you best All right, Swiftr says Bailey only switches as gull All right, step back you go away Go one down step back six away from us Stay away from the spectators right because I swear to God if I die I don't feel safe in this Right Wait a minute Bro you could you see me That was that was a good flank though That was a good flank I appreciate All right hang on hang on Swiftr says all remaining fighters come on over here We killed four of them. Let's go. You did a good job. Did a good job, pilot KTV Nano your bloodless to got got the best of me man. He killed someone who was not home lander How do you feel about that nano I know come on got microphone right It's cool. No microphone. No problem. There's no words. No problems. This is nano. Please stand over here Give me a 1v2 actually Oh god, Swiftr says Phantom ape you guys want to fight him unless you can find a volunteer back over that will swap out with you Does he can check for volunteer if you want Any volunteers I do a jack your father seven No volunteers all right. I'd say I volunteer but I'm dead because he killed me All right It's a 2v1 It's 2v1 you guys got this all right Swiftr says 2v1 Swiftr says guy And that's it's over it's over it's over. So it's just a stop all right there. There you go. There we go all right great Now the prologue of the game is finally over Swiftr says return to the line we can continue playing Oh Forge to home land or free game. Oh, tragic. All right. Swiftr says please stand up Swiftr says follow me please People really think this is fun I do you don't have to I find it entertaining you can go click the toenails or fun What have you like to do man? This is good content great great content You are not a great ass Neither are you All right cool Now during our one of our high-end seeks Tion should they kind of Dolphin dive on that that orange thing would you go over there? Uh, Swiftr says everyone laps your little shoulder First person to do so We'll get a you know get a free pass in the next few mini-games if you want Swiftr says please align this line or I don't know if you're gonna use it. Yeah, that's not a fair line I'm sorry to join our games your discord sir. Just switch to our discord just search it up online Great oh yes one tiny little detail Croxie me mine Swiftr says begin You Funny that he failed There you go Or how do you gonna want to All right, all right, so does that stop sort of stop be happy have our survival is jack you just want a little vacation over there Maddy chill right there. I knew a few other mini games on sir I thought you could only get there be a doll that he got on that's why intent or anyway Swiftr says please get on any of the other four orange buoys or whatever they are over here Arthom down to that all right stop moving Don't do it attacker There's nothing to do All right All right, so it says fit on the black box or your dead go All right when the smoke clear as we freeze three to one Swiftr says freeze Am I not on the black but oh Oh All right, let's see a Swiftr says front funks. What is this phantom and Swiftr says My foot's on the box bro. I'm expecting bro It's not phantom it is not sir. So it's making you it. It is not sir. No, it's not It is no it's not Okay, oh you guys aren't killing so they don't worry you guys you can do a challenge Real simple. Oh All right, let's see here. What will the challenge should be You know what Which is the first one of you guys to get on there with jack survives go As it's what just us jacks over there by the way guys. Oh, we're oh shit Welcome jack Oh, died on the zone Oh Almost Move sir You go back up back up back up You go get him the advantage You know how to get over there. I just did All right, punk you have one all right you lost that one. We have one last chance survive. You know Is he making room for you look look I'm not gonna make it he took the spot that was jumping into it. It's only two people It's no problem. Let's let's make it fun. All right, if you can if you can make it on there within 30 seconds You live switchers. Let's go 30 seconds So it says here you're probably Probably it's doable, but maybe This is what is open to all try The other Funk I think you should jump Just have one more try Swifter says unload All right, so does this please stand up on the black box over here PGed all right the aims we have finished up real fast of this rate. So does this aim strip with your gun So if this is jumping fire one shot Jumping fire two shots So does doggy stall come on down You're dead all right players in the black box look at me Got that kind of practice special Wait, I get the attack get collateraled over there So just attacker please rejoin all right, so just as all players please follow me I Was like wait a bit. I was all the black box He goes the phone is slides me off It's with the deals of the bar. All right. I was shown the other day they can actually get on that boat over there I saw several people on that board. I don't know how it works Let's just as get on that boat And you're safe for a little while. So go ahead. God There we go he just did it We almost died it lost out This is the home there. Yeah, there's a zone there Toa rod three are on one more spot for a player four Sir all the first one evil Jimmy To does bana you didn't make the cup bro first four He fell off But okay, I want you count the rest of the people on the goddamn boat Oh Wait wait wait Attacker needs to do this Oh, no, the game many games over. I mean it is unfair. They got killed and have a chance. Okay. I'll give a attacker a chance What does the attacker you can you can go over to us when you have an opportunity? I'll give you an opportunity All right, hang on all right. So does the attacker if you get if you can do it on your first try you're safe Oh shit You go I said the words give it please All right, so it's the attacker please come on back up over here all right great All right, we have bana we have evil Jimmy we have attacker you guys are best. It's a friend kill each other Ah I want to make you guys kill each other. Oh, yeah for entertainment kill each other Swift says you three please follow me Swift says please get on your own table over here one table per person The table is tables over here guys Great All right All right, those are your three tables guys Swift says all three we get to survive As long as all three of you are on three different tables separately within 30 seconds Swift says go Without touching the floor. So what is this without touching the floor Where's that table is not counter? Those three tables is elected 20 seconds you guys must be on different tables All right there you got to one on a different table Fish me fish me all right, that's on a different table there all right, give him 14 seconds to make that third one there Success Mini game successful good job good job good job good job. Swift says you three follow me All right To choose a three Simply make it on that boat to live that's just good luck Nice Jimmy Oh All right great job everyone great. I want all right next challenge Uh Swift says stand on one of these three poles to live go Oh Oh please please take advantage place. Oh no, I was on it All right Yeah, there's a piece of that pole that's on his own. Yeah You guys have 30 seconds. I want all players on there. You know on there. It's what you say On there you die You have 20 seconds take your time Oh my god, can I kill him so I might take the place of the pole 10 seconds And oh Five seconds good luck Swift says killing when that's not me on the pole Hey You got this bang up three pop players we got Phantom Bandit and Banna Good job guys Uh All right, let's see here. What fun can we have let's leave this area. Swift says you three please follow me Take it top four I say make the homeland as we joined just because oh my little no the homelanders Homelander bro Look I got swippers says all three homelanders rejoin the game Yeah Whole lander resurrection. I'm down for that You know, I was pretty unfair to them at being the I really I really targeted them so you know they deserve another shot Oh, I need to choose the code. No, they don't do it. They're a shot. I'll send you the code I'm the only one that died by a teammate Let me die too. You know man you got it. You got a bench Thank you Watch out you know it'll be funny. Our homelanders That'd be hysteria. I mean you know You know, you see these games people die in general is pretty hilarious. You know, it's a star to the Like it's part of the content. Swift says homelanders when you meet us with the uh on the west side of the map Remaster is almost there Said man wait what What does that remaster it was Syrian One homelander great. Let's wait for the other two homelanders to join it The real homelander is coming his own is way What's going on The real homelander is great all right excellent All right, like I said, I was pretty unfair towards the homelanders rowing the game and I believe it is There was another shot in fact. I feel very strong in my thought. I feel like they deserve several shots It's what it says three of you guys get under the boat It's what it says three of you guys over here on top of the boat So it's a new three under the boat Yep under the boat. Hellmander All right, sort of says Feel the homelanders through the boat good luck One down Is it a good job is a good job Let him get some oxygen left Sir Phantom Sir I asked to get some airman. What was that you didn't you didn't kill him. You're both good to the boat Oh, well actually that's the last valid I guess all right Only one person not get a kill messed up on a second chance Bandit So just as orange bandit come to the side of the boat that's close to me So it was you two guys on the other side bandit as only person not kill a homelander You have disadvantage. We two versus one mainly only So it just as we fall off the boat you automatically lose the game So it just says go Oh, man Well, that's that all right good job Sort of as a phantom and a please follow me one of you guys will win the game Not probably ham. Oh my god. Phantom. That was amazing Yeah, thank you thank you Bob banana Join me in the warehouse Finale time baby I have no idea what the finale is Got some tools here That's a buzzing sounds the light How's real out Sadio is that Is that cool parkour map All right, let's just do some basics sort of says please stand into the light Great switchers has face me there we go first person jump wins So after says crouch So it was a stand So it says look at the player next to you So it says awkwardly wait for me to tell you guys and do something bad So it says no move So it says jump So it says crouch Uh, so does this stand So it says jump twice Fire So it says crouch Which is a stand So it says do not melee So it says do not fire Be the reverse of those commands So it says jump Swiftress is turn around Jump Simon says jump So it says crouch So it says turn around So it says fries Well, I'm in fire So it says jump So it says hold your tactical So it says put it away So it says hold your lethal So it says put it away I got don't worry don't worry Well the lethal's are gone Kill each other Swiftress says you guys will kill each other Once I say the name Of any character from A back to the future any of the movies So it says if you do not like this uh this movie that I've chosen movie series Just please come forward and I will murder you Get Hem let's see here Oh what does this crouch we've watching of the uh back to the future movies All right you guys both of them both have an advantage there we go So it says you guys watching uh in the in the background can't chime in All right Rick Sanchez Mr Burns Martin McMaskito Fifth Dr. Homelander Barnaby fly Uh Dr. Smyrfin housing um Uh The scientist guy that goes e-gad A car that goes into the future All right Get enough There you are the winner banna It's a character You named If it was a little bit was a little tough I mean Marty McFly Really never heard Marty McFly? I knew Marty but I didn't know his last name Oh man Anyway you want to congratulate another winner of the belt for banna here good try phantom All right All right at least you got to kill a homeland or phantom There are a girl man there are you who can say that all right banna victory speech time I will say thanks to phantom because that was kind of a weird finale you know And then also my girlfriend's shoutouts like always That is very sweet. How'd I All right did you do you guys they've been joining you Walks supposed to be in jerk is a little bit funny Debatable anyway, thank you for joining gg pledge on our games just search all line for swift or discord join it gg