 What is up everyone welcome to sniper a lot. Have a lot of players a lot of snappers what does this take at your sniper and spin. That's what just says game habit. That's been. Everyone's been my game is twiggin. The spin is fast as you can. There. This is fact. There. Yeah. That is no way to yes, bro. Keep on spinning. No way to yes. Everyone's looking good. Make sure standing don't fire. Good. He stopped spinning bro. Don't feel like spending. How do you manage. All right. You know there we go. Good job. Everybody's good. You know, good job. Good job. Good job. All right now. Don't worry. It's close your eyes. Why are you spinning? All right. So let's see that you guys will come to the center. What did it time? Spin and fire shot at some point will stop going to the center though. First person to go will be. Someone's over to stop. Josh on over. You stand the center as best you can. Where's the fence where we're going? There we go. A little bit of right. Great. I get there. All right. Josh go ahead. All right. We were fine. We're fine. Guys. Josh, spin around on something or one shot at random. All right. Josh, good luck. Figure out where you were standing. You're the next piece gaming. Go find Beeson center. All right. Bees your next. There you go. Keep on going. Next. That's the real. I know. All right. Next one. But I'm shaking. I'm shaking bro. Good. Oh my god. Yeah, Oh, you're up. It's me. No, no, what? No, it's Oh, Girdos. Other way. That you said is the other way counterclockwise. Clockwise. One of us is counterclockwise now. All right. Here we go. Oh, Girdos go for it. Spin. Stand stand bro. Stand stand. Ogre. Ogre. Go back to look. You need to be saying, Oh, go back into the life. Go back to the circle. Yeah. All right. Here we go. Please make sure you say go for it. Skeletal. All right. Sing to one. All right. After you. I can. I'm going to be 10. I got a. All right. Stop stop stop stop stop stop stop. Soir. Soir. Go back to the line. Soir. Go back to the circle. Please. Soir. Go back. Cap. Cap. Go back. There you go. So was I cap. Are you guys will stay where you are in the circle now and spin in fire. No more going to the center. Takes too long. Cap. Go for it. Spin around where you are. Fire one shot. Hang on one second. I soir. Little further man you went to prone. Does this game scare you? No right. Just need to stand okay. Otherwise you have to go through my my anti fear training. Little bit dangerous. Okay. All right. I'm going to be right. All right. Continue next. Oh, dodge and a lot. You stand. You take your bullet. Goofy. Oh, never mind. Right. Is it nail? He detains go for it. All right. Next. That's your. Keep it going. Packers. I'm going to go. No, no, too much time. Oh, as we can. Next. Next. Oh, back it in the game. Sorry. Next. Better than me. I didn't get the. Next. I just. Bro, this is not shop right bro. Stop making a lot of people slappers. Oh my gosh. The east coast is not shop. I'm going to get the coffee. I'm going to get the coffee. Everyone is so good. Oh, so weird. Yeah. Welcome to glitch more. Yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, they're making have been faster. Yeah a shiny hour. Yeah, takes breaks. car. Fair enough. I als that man make it rejoined the game x. Here's umbrella face. on. Back back into the line please back into the line. Okay. Oh my God. Alright thev And the event that I die the game stops I want to watch my kill camp and all you guys know what reser, resume not the man I die or anything like that snap your next Snoop Exotic So my control Salam all of you guys when you hear me doing an investigation. This is that's also Play white white I know you're eager don't worry alright exotic. I'm gonna center the circle My control is great Don't worry. There is a there is a surge we can do to help you play better and we're even toes the biggest excuse Unload All right, continue Yeah, sure next He's Appreciate you Guys be careful I think it's all You already It's my turn do I go yes, please continue Back I Go No Yes boy yes boy yes boy yes boy stop yes boy stop yes boy stop yes boy stop I think you say the answer It yes boy are you are you looking at your sights bro? He was No looking at your sights man the point is for the random Dude did you change your sense 70 man you sense if you said like two or something All right, you'll come back to you next rotation good luck Ro Yeah, it was my turn Yes, rejoin if you were just killed valid cannot cannot say something real quick so Whoever this guy beside me here was his gun had armor pierced in bullets on it. That's okay Well, I want an explanation What happened It's already shoot the bullet so you thought that big Mac fired their gun Yes, you then also thought galaxy shot is gonna already you also thought that skater shot is good. It was a lot stupid shot is good I see Yeah, I do this time highly If it's your turn, go next please Alright Super extra Matt's he could be going in CR Big All I a nine four five Good job, Orange. I'm close to be standing. Oh, okay. Next. Next. Oh. Thanks. Thanks. Oh. Thanks. Thanks. I have a really far. Yeah. XA E2. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. It was three mollegs. Keep it going. And it was almost a double kill, then. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I'm making glades. Oh, my God. You can do it, Banna. I can do it. Oh, yeah. Getting mad. Rest some peace. Artini. Please. Do it with Artini. Okay, good. I still have to give my attention. Don't do it. Don't do it. Do it with me. Do it with me. Do it with me. Do it with me. Do it with me. Do it with me. Do it with me. Do it with me. Do it with me. wow that's definitely yeah it's not my turn I was going to be lined up this is a clatter with that he was so slow they have it I'll keep it on okay I'm going back they didn't wait what I look at the kill and it looks like they didn't spin and though that was slow right there Sarah why are you why are you dodging? okay I'm coming there's enough ass in there I don't need a shot up one two three four never mind everybody's doing a very violent version of don't do it don't do it that went right past me oh god oh that's so don't take it personally I'm dead no oh yes oh yeet oh yeet mother you dug up scared I got to take one what do you do don't worry it's all dirty with the players who have not farted shots yet I will not be fired my good turn I knew that was something stop right there stop I'm going to kill twice I'm going to kill twice I'm going to kill twice I'm going to kill twice I'm going to kill twice I'm going to kill twice I'm going to kill twice I'm going to kill twice wait what kind of it's a car coming out so you're spinning because it's kind of slow I'm Jesus oh alright skip that next thing you need to show us I'm going to kill twice I'm going to kill twice I'm gonna kill twice I'm going to kill twice oh that was a pretty cool shot it was a pretty cool shot freaking weak that was close oh my god oh my god you got broken I got to go that's slow you spin so slow you spin so slow I'm keeping it on if I see the issue with somebody I'm going to call it out so far it's all acceptable I don't know why it's a pretty cool shot every time a bullet fire is a scare to me yeah it sounds reasonable he's spinning so slow he's 5 oh yes it's hard wrong ball alone over here alright I'm going to kill twice wait wait wait wait when jb still waiting go ahead I'll reduce the circle I'm already sorry oh that almost hit you I was surprised that is going yeah that one's fine I'm going fast enough that one's shot he can't stand it all the way oh that went right past oh he landed the effort didn't oh my god I've had a couple close calls wow that's not so I got made again I had a big stick here oh that was almost me yeah oh oh it's a little late bad dude oh no everyone's got his line I was so sorry I was so sorry oh jb you didn't even get me how did that die what I'm not even I'm not even I'm not even there's no way if you look at that kill camera next one is the last you wasn't even pointed everyone's look to your left and right memorize the players memorize the person memorize it everyone move in one smaller circle you can make sure the same two people are next to you maintaining the order oh this makes me more nerf extra you can be better the circle less likely you already got collated extra I have my faith in you who's ready to die get a little closer okay good who's next oh oh you're gonna see you all like so skip me next go for it oh oh unfortunate oh goofy oh I'm scared every time oh oh oh this is gonna be the last thing we play yes they're just three four oh stop stop pass oh wait wait wait wait we're good four what you mean the oh that's you what you mean you you maintain your position folks you said no oh oh you're trying to get you you you you are all be skipped I know right I know oh how did you switch your just you I don't record the winner we will do one spin off but first you won the game what's your shoutout thank you thank you all right great so I'm gonna pick up where we're gonna spin nonstop you can fire nonstop and I counted three fire nonstop all right so now fire is off as you want go for good look to go Yes I know flawless victory GG shooting us from game probably got unfairly or yet glad or I apologize it's a tragic experience but hopefully if you did thanks for joining you have a better time