 What is up everyone? Surprise black ops 2 I know so we're playing this in a lot of other black ops too many games In celebration of my 11-year anniversary streaming started early 2008 and now here we are Still no hair up here, but you know got a lot more friends now have a lot of like history a lot of fun times You can see from the playlist on top right you see a lot of a lot of OGs and some new faces too So I'm gonna kick it off with Shot gun right so players when they were chosen will go down to the center spin around and fire one shot at random Last two or three players alive will play a play a mini game, but five figure out the winner So let's pick who's going first and we can also end those bets I'm close my eyes spin and Demonic owls You know you will go for a survive you automatically survive the first thing you can't kill yourself All right tell me when can I just just spin at least two three times and flower shot at random all right All right there we go back in line. Is that where you were yeah, yeah, we're gonna go. Let's say we're gonna go clockwise All right Ellen Chronicles you're up next man. I didn't kill the first person Amos is this off you're going to high speed who can kill the first person All right great you can go back in line headless you're up Okay Why is no one hitting each other? Because two is still like a really good-looking game considering how old it is. Oh, yeah, so good. I'm so impressed all right go for a dark side I'm sorry I just realized I'm covering it the kill feed They go here I feel back for I built up the Chronicles All right, you've just nice try all right Vader Patriot is up Go swath or Now I'm gonna survive longer than whoever said that Don't feel too salty about it Missy quack Oh Hunter killer try yep Just like I think I was here the table that was right My mom Marcus kill me there you what you want to kill you All right guess I'm up I'm only just calibrate there ago. No, it was in my eyes ad Everyone's good all right here. Go ahead. We only got one fatality so far Oh Guys guys there is no need for you go running grab that ammo. Yeah plenty of shots. All right stand your spots All right go Now I really had to listen Oh, it's that jinxed it. I mean I didn't completely headless. Yeah, I'm done I guess he was real steel Oh He finished the job made him headless You guys know the trend here is all this dude I died I know I know I Around me please don't be I haven't gone yet There you go hunting season oh I think oh Let's go man Oh close You On Vader Keep spinning after two spins by the shot don't slow down look at your toes and then fire like do inches away Go for a busy quack All right Oh That was close oh yeah, oh, I was right here. Yeah, there you go order fixed There almost all the second round I think I think about the increase the shots that's you after this Oh You know A couple of times to stop you bad you know get the part in the game I always fight Rest in peace We keep dying on that side Slow there bro are you looking down your sights? Yeah, don't look at your sights mate. Yeah, fix your sensitivity You're going slow mode right there. I'd so many people died on that side of the circle Ripped for elk. Okay, you guys that are near me are protected by the bald shield of protection All right one more and then protection we do it with you a rule change All right great now is so close All right cool so now very simple instead of firing one shot you fire two consecutive shots how pow All right, so go ahead The first shot yikes It's gonna be a dangerous round He will not have an opportunity to fix his sensitivity Apparently at zero at this point Whoa you stopped Hunter killer you spun then you stopped and you pull the trigger Let me let me show you what you did There's the first time All right All right GPS I heard that pull it back with All right here we go Nothing The next big of a circle all right with two shots you go And put the ball down I look is Keep on dying all right wait wait that was round four something. Let's like let's get a count of players left three four five There's only six of us left moving I think we need to yeah well man people are still dying all right Yeah, let's move in a bit guys like about halfway between the outer outer line and inner line Well, let's spread out again We're to retain order of course each can do a little second That's good. That's good. There's there's only four seconds a little weird. It's gonna have to kind of like eyeball it All right, let's continue. I think DPS you can actually stay where you are whoa You know what we're you want to move to the center just been around and fire we're doing one back to one shot Great Stairry are spin around fire shot Ah That was bad a bad spin that I can troll there Come on V8 Elk Headshot John you really have to be proud HNG. All right. You all go ahead You're good Bad Nope no fatalities Go for men I can't hear gunshots Oh hot laugh Oh or his man don't sweat it Yeah, we game crashed Starman stuff who back up oh Yes, oh all right. We're gonna say it was poor We're gonna take the next three turns and we're gonna all move and get a corner One more wait All right Great everyone grab a corner of this of the diamond oh Him breath Are we gonna call a four-way time maybe we'll see