 Hey, only if you think I earned it ring the bell so you never miss one of my videos. Thanks guys What is up, you know, bros welcome back to shotgun relight aka mortal mode Players will take turn spin around in a circle and firing a shot at random It should be random unless you're some kind of like you know super quick snapper pro But it's a shotgun you're not gonna miss right? So let's choose is gonna go first we go clockwise from that person Wolves are gonna not pick you because you're kind of a scumbag. So I reckon you'll be first All right, yeah, if you're in clockwise Let's go counterclockwise. Well, yeah, clockwise is fine action. I don't mind all right go for it All right next up. Yeah, there we go. You can just go in as your turn. Yeah, go for it. Oh Baseball pieces out Dane me a fast game at this rate Wait You Guys got to wait when I'm dead bros all right Rambo dead rip He deserved it though. All right next Keep on going next next Next All right, let's go quick scopes Keep on spinning and so there's only two people left Why does it get you in the skip? Yeah, you keep skipping torso This torso does not go in since while I'm not paying attention torso wake up I do go with the go before you always yeah, is that a sniper rifle on that person? Uh, yes, that's a best. Do you kill them? Thank you. There we go wrong weapon buddy Okay, everybody is back in place great All right, here we go Circle's fine man What else is that torso's got like a ping of like five thousand or something Don't move from your spot, buddy. Get back over there Oh, never never mind. It's just in your spot would live. Oh Quick scopes I need you Oh my god, that was so close Just four of you oh five you left all right continue Now the reason I call wolves to scumbag growers because he invited his friend into the game And that's not that's not okay because they're people who are waiting fall in the rules into the game I'm all about them rules until I want to break them Rules are always rules are essential Continue wolves Four players remain Oh legend killers out three remain Rules are made to be broken bands are made to be given I like that Put that on my grave stone Oh, souls is out. I knew that was gonna happen wolves and zack We're gonna do this we're gonna do this in the water hop in the water I was the poor monkey. Get off lowly wolves get down there, bro No get into the water dude All right, all right all right there we go um do it so that you three Swim towards the rock Wow, that was some organized speaker terrorism right there. What the hell? It's great all right shake hands guys. Well, this is not gonna work if you can't hear me This 100% is not gonna work Um, yeah, he's not gonna hear me. Zack just killed All right You guys are using the man with a you can hear me over discord culinary Batman eight months in a row. Thank you, dude I know or can I squeak your terrors and going on I don't feel it on there But anyway You know, I'd usually do the mini game, but everyone's supposed to be able to hear me But there's some players in the game war don on on voice chat. So uh they lose All right good game guys congratulations, Zach And uh, thank you Jordan all right. Wish up sure all of some other videos coming up I was kind of like a fun low-quick mini game If you want to join in our games you can especially you have black ops 3 in the pc come to my shows We can play god damn it All right, GG guys. Thanks for joining and thanks for all the support. I'll see you guys next time