 What's up everyone welcome back to revolver a lot and once you're as a revolver one spin for me Please look sexy for the people watching Look at that look at that. If you think you know through up don't worry just close your eyes Probably ain't spinning Back you go all right, so just a stop spinning I mean it's not switch this game anyway I'll decide to go first you all spin around the first person to go We'll go to the center spin around like this and fire one shot random. It'll be Hey, who's this? Cumin, Cumin make your way to the center my dude Great, I'm gonna we'll guess do my spot. She's Adding is now close here. Here we go. Yeah good luck. All right, Cumin go for it. It's been around a few times and fire shot Was that the guy that was didn't respond to me? I think he's a race of it. All right good job. That was a great shot. All right, we're gonna go Let's say clockwise the next stuff is you You can say who you are before you go up by the way if you go backwards gaming. Yeah, come only optional I can't see your name so go for a match That's That's turtle man. Well done. Sorry. We'll give the worst thing about this mode is that if you get if you get killed early You just don't get the place Just how's the one? We just you know pain Rain mass rest in peace. Sorry, bro Next Well, well, well, okay, look look you got the order backwards bro. You fire you start spinning But you use it go. I don't do that. No, no, no, no, you shot you good. That's it Next up You guys want to bounce who you are Yep, go for it. Oh god Whoa, oh man email female violence wrong wrong Russ and peace cherry next Wow, dead cell rest in peace how you guys getting these shots next Well, it's got the play all right hang on one moment Sounds like someone's playing on the roof or something. You know who that is. Please meet your microphone All right, continue, please All right next That's let's get a few more spins next time man. Sorry icy snaps next Jeff What's up I said in the replay since two people's amount We're all watching Good try look look there's no button no one died All right as the usual skip my turn the first time next Does sometimes Hey Dude that's the bass list You don't need to Alright next time someone next time someone dies, you know, go pick up their gun, right? All right next Yeah, man, they didn't do up damage next Broken Oh, deathly man deleted sorry bro next You did one spin yeah, let's get a few spins guys few spins Siraco bomb It's salmon you know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna kill one of you I'm in next Next BP sorry for killing you You guys again good and expectations up here Stop stop stop stop I know you're in the Christmas spirit here break dancing will not let's keep it simple Let's spin while you're standing and fire a random shot like everyone else. Thank you, dude. He's obviously gonna kill me now. All right go for it We got called that one one or what let's go man. It's a feature town over here. All right next Wait guys Yeah, oh As I wait I was dead I was watching myself die I miss content That's alright Who hasn't gone yet jump once Everyone's gone restarted with me. All right folks. I see the air of my ways the circle is lost Lost its path. All right guys get back on the outside part of the circle. I know Keep the same order. I want you guys in the edge of the circle Now watch this spread out Why you evenly I want you have an even amount of space between the person on your left and right She made some space over here. Just find another spot You're not in your order bitch get back over there Come over here dude go with Christmas hat come over here. There you go Get enough All right folks it's time for the bonus round here's how it works everyone's gonna spin When I yell fire you will fire a single bullet What if you guys look down you're not in the outside of the circle Yeah, it's you no bro spin around bro come on man Look down you bro. Yes you that guy back up man Wait why is it so hard man back up a step please Thank you man thank you All right great No worries all right I know someone else back to when they weren't supposed to come on look look look look the ground your feet should be touching the outside of the circle come on man I'm really really obsessed with the circle stuff. Thanks man. All right great Everyone's spin spin nonstop It's chill bro To eager Oh my god Damn a lot of people You can stop spinning that man you're good you're good you can stop spinning there you go All right everyone moving one more circle in say those multiple circles next circle in We shouldn't be a DSM right now right Nope, not be a DSing at all once I can stand All right, I'm back after blowing my nose. There's the only probably only minimal snott in my mustache right now everyone Let's continue off we're gonna start off with you close Yeah Yeah, yeah, you how many classes we have it's one No, no, no, no, no, go back. Go back bro. No more center anymore. All right close You're gonna spin around at least three times and then you're gonna fire a shot. Whoa. What the heck Who just gave me a bazillion gift subs? Are you guys can begin? Next up daddy's house just shot what was that 25 gift subs. Thank you very much dude Next Subliners bro You from New York man. Oh New Yorker I can't hear you. Never mind. It's 50 feet line. Oh, hi. All right. Not from New York. All right next Next Oh Thanks for hering up grandma next Oh Oh who we lose All right folks since I can't see kill me to hear where to help me want one someone dies when go rest in peace Whatever their name is all right help me out this Thank you next Close got a shield gross All right that circle was not very exciting ever moving another level look at that you know brown circle over there Yeah, I'm moving up not the middle one Yeah, second one there we go Let's inspect the circle real quick. All right. Yeah, I yelled at before back up again bro. No no Look I always upset you man That's uncalled for kill that man Bro Easy said he's dead he's dead Like parts of the face I felt that way man, but you can't even to those urges all right All right, uh All right, Klaus, we're back to you man continue Rest in peace Thank you next Rest in peace dad are they old dad that dad one of your name that's a point Rest in peace. Thank you. Thank you. That's what I need to hear the names Next I go to sensitivity Got the kidney You move further away from too. All right, everyone center circle All right for this one You guys will be spinning nonstop firing nonstop that's what there's only one player left reload your guns Start spinning nonstop don't fire until you get the word Everyone spin keep firing We have a winner wow Spotify nice Let's see they kill cam You Spotify Fendi Jack congratulations Thanks wow Maybe maybe maybe they're from this or GG all right Fendi Jack you get get a shout dude go for it I make music follow me on Spotify YouTube you just search me up anywhere Fendi Jack FEMDIJTT What kind of music man Hit pop pop a lot of singing it's like met congrats man GG check it out dudes