 Make sure you tap the bell so you never miss a video. It's right next to the sub button. Thanks guys What is up you know brawls blin some revolver roulette on Ctown We used you know previously known as mortal mode. We'll spin around one of the time fire a shot Now this one mask and folks will work in microphones and let me know who they hope they kill Before they spin if you don't want to participate. That's fine Well, let's see here. We'll kick it off with Cat daddy you can go ahead start man first man go for it It's been a couple of times in fire shot What the hell is that? I ever know all right pistons you're up next man All right dead waves go ahead we're everyone makes sure you're oh Mars is out. Yeah, I'm blocking the kill feed Right there. There we go. All right Mars next We lose oh poor Marcus All right squat you're up next man. You go for don't know all right whatever mystic No one just anyone just anyone you guys are too nice you gotta be assholes like me all right Pistons is out rip double point to default them the well when you die all right Under armor call me dead wow I'm gonna go for This guy chose a wrong class where were this guys Wrong class meant wait. No, maybe not maybe oh, that's called me daddy never mind never he's fine All right, I'll go for I'll go for mystic. Wow buddy. You're the hard shot No Hey almost Adam almost Adam All right redneck go ahead cat daddy you're going down All right Nope All right Brad go for it man. Let's go All right daddy your turn bro. I'm choosing mystic really wow poor mystic again targeted. They made me long All right Virginia you're up Oh Brandon oh At least I got the farther gun you know you got a chance of play sponge Bob go ahead and redneck you're going down I'm right next to him Dead waves you're up next That way guys make sure your sense if you set the 10 maximum all right for us are options double check There I go for dead waves. It's a real turn. Oh we learn my bad we learn go ahead All right squash Mystic we go for go for you to pick me there we go. That's what I hear man. That's what I hear splash pro go for it People die sometimes united the United's upset that I killed is personally bet on all right Oh, let's someone go for someone different to go for Wheeler no fence homie. All right. Here we go Nothing all right go for a sponge Bob No, it's got me there all right Brad you're up. Oh Oh I'm in the place You're up next All right sponge Bob Squatch your go no Squatch Nope the squad sure there's gonna be all right dead waves show it to me show me take my life. I dare you All right Wheeler What's going on what what what are you yeah, don't look at your side bro. There you go mystic Splash pro My turn there's time sorry Brad got to go One of me now it's cute bro. It's cute. Oh Good splash that's pretty close Not a little all right Brandon your neck. Oh Wait, wait What you shot twice? Kill that man Fire two bullets I would have lived Jerk all right well, I'm dead now nothing can be done. Let's continue two shots. What the hell? Brad you're going down It's come back soon twice All right you and going guys you can call if you still want Oh Mystic is out rip Oh, Squatch takes out Wheeler games speed him up four players left one more rotation All right squad you'll be the last to go full speed bro full speed All right Stop all right guys. I think you had back to the little temple area and get into a small fountain Thing it's a basically top part of the map press start if you can just see it guys know where you're Been there before ignore the cheek guns Don't kill there you got you got it excellent All right, I got the compact compact version of the well over here there you go guys One over there one over here All right, so you may have seen earlier we just in the similar I want you guys all spinning right now when I say fire you're gonna keep on firing until two people are dead Keep on spinning don't stop keep on spinning reload if you need to Keep on firing now Stop stop stop stop stop stop stop All right last two players are sponge bomb Brad all right guys go down the street to Go west there you go Go beyond the truck and they'll be the area right down there I've been in before just been here. Oh, that's right. That's right All right, man. It's time for redemption All right sponge Bob versus Brad over here. All right. They're gonna you're supposed to happen if you're not familiar with what we do here They're gonna shake hands and then turn around so they're back to back then then walk as slowly as possible well everyone else is completely silent I'll let a random moment yell fire they'll turn around and love one bullet to use They can't jump out of the way they can't go into prone the aim they fire and That's it if they miss they wait All right guys shake your hands Turn around so they're back to back Walk as slowly as the game will let you Fire Fire Oh Again, it's all right man. That's all right. I lose these every time when I make it don't worry about it I think a one like once and I think it's just a player let me Good job Brad. Good job. You're you're you're you're victorious well done. I was pointing up all the time It's rough man high sensitivity All right good game guys well played enjoy that