 Yo welcome to Dragon's Breath Relent Alex has been running at full speed and fire one shot good luck Well, he's like can't die. All right. You hit somebody didn't die. No, I'm sure the water cooled them off Yeah, the other class getting the center bro it's your turn. Oh, okay, you know me and the and the directions Oh Shinde you oh No, no Regents, there's a few shots. There really bus people down plus everyone should have at least one stem to help them bring come back So don't worry. We'll get around to it. Go ahead My Shindru Wow, yo man get your own stick next I'm gonna say I've some type of man because I've gotten hit at two out of three times Well as cool as when you spin you like make these waves in the water man They really kind of went all out with the actually could just show off real quick and everyone to spin real quick or spin Look at that man. I feel like it's a washing machine All right, all right stop All right, all right, let's next go on in pretty cool, right man. They really went all out with the water next Just fire well, yep after a few spins there. Go next Yeah, I got I got hit all right everyone's gotten once Yes, great everyone spin Fire Chris All right, this is neat and all but I'm not seeing all the fireworks I signed up for so everyone out of the pool We're gonna move move somewhere else here Oh, let's see. I don't really have a sense of the order stuffing out the same orders before. They'll just have pick someone random Here we go it's gonna be You who's this? Oh, you say where you are? Oh, that's Yeah, you're good no one's gonna move to the center anymore All right, I'll be in the center. I'm sure I'll be go blue All right, so go ahead spin around and fire fire shot I Next Keep on going Oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh god Hey shot me again. God damn it Recipes bootstrapper next before my turn yeah, man You wore the most likely person to be hit When the guy next to you fires right Oh, that was a lesson. Yeah, all right, continue Wow, good luck remember you've got stems if you want to use them you should have a stem I no longer have Damn, I'm getting shot at a lot. Sorry Hey No Oh And stop all right time for a boat whoop have for a bonus around I'm gonna stand on this very Ignitable truck. I'm sure to go great. All right everyone spin and we're gonna fire two shots this time Okay, everyone spin when I say fire two shots Fire What are you guys living on a ship with so that sound all right Resipies that no dro and Alex all right guys for this one I'm like I want to crouch Shit that was in my face. Oh Live Oh Master didn't answer I Got somebody that was me All right All right, wait We'll move in I want I want to be shoulder shoulder wall crouched Move in we want to take circle here. I'll be in the center. I'm so I'm so gonna die as it happened yet. It'll happen though This one Well, I won't be alone Move on it There we go great all right This has never happened before I Recipe's micro explosion Nobody nothing okay I can't believe I call that that's funny What what's your health Yeah Direct走 Oh No Guys Baby milk with the double he needs some milk with that Her Can I just say fool not those needs not date by the way if anyone wants to Spending time I'm spending whole speed please don't be like this up. Thank you. Oh my screen Yeah, I'm on the controller. I'll show you that you got up that sensitivity man. Oh, no, it's on 20 20 horizontal one vertical I could literally send you a little clip I will speed it we believe you Wait, sorry, wait, it's time for time for a you know, I'll be in the center for this one Have her bonus round everyone stand back up And one spin to be a single shot this time One spin Fire Like you got Think that hillman is saving slip The shots are in me all right That's okay, you know what summer bonus round number two gonna fire three shots this time Everyone's been yep You're gonna reload you fire one more shots not possible. That was impossible All right, three shots go One more Let me get Let's go baby All right, all right, there you go. I got my view. There are four players left. We have a pdf Mo Miranda and someone with no kills physical boy 69 mill all right great now I can't look around it so hard All right, well, there are too many bite. We're not we're not gonna continue this to me body So we're gonna move please like four of you guys on top of the bus on the other side of the map You guys miss pin non stop you need a fire non stop until there's we have a winner ready set spin Oh It is I got money on the guy with the head the step Idiot shirt and physical boy 69 mill Most guys here come on This is a boy won that one is good boy. Congratulations All right, GD physical boy you get a get a shall a man go for it Good talk all right GG guys You're gonna be some improvements that can be no one experience GG