 What is up everyone welcome the Swiftress says to says look behind you Swiftress says look to your right Look to my right That's getting looks you left Hi This is black door come on down what's your name? This is your name. Don't worry bro we're gonna have some fun Swiftress says everyone look over We're our first challenger this game So Swiftress says first things first show me that you know how to dolphin dive That's why that's why we test the first This is do two more dolphin dives from my confidence Show me that you can do this My controls are different Yeah, that's what I know we jump from mind warfare three to mind warfare to you I want to make sure you guys know great. I want to set you up for success You know all right great here's your challenge man all you got to do is jump from the fan that red car without touching the floor is that possible If you put your mind to it, it maybe it is I don't know Swiftress says if he touches the floor unload how to all right So it says whenever you're ready bro You want to run maybe jump off the hood I don't know whatever you got to do All right, so does this stop Yeah, I don't think that was possible Hang on hang on Is there anyone here who believes it is possible? So does come on down Snoop Dogg what's your name? Vapedex You believe it's possible? Yep You're willing to put your life on the line for this? 100% Oh no I'll tell you what man You guys do surprise If you pull this off You get the check pick two players that will fight to the death So does Vapedex show us how it's done? This feels good All right, the same rules apply So does Vapedex whenever you're ready I am no longer taking any volunteers We are back or I'm back Swiftr talking to you in the future Make sure you get the intro portion of the video before this this is not the full episode Also minimize the head Bro bro Hang on, which is this person? Oh god, I'm just gonna flip it over there I swear to god I am not pressing a button I don't know why I did that Dude, is your gun haunted? What do you think is happening? Your gun keeps on firing What am I supposed to believe here man? Let's go and on Dude I'm checking my settings What are you using one of those crazy like scuff like super sense of controllers man? Can you turn down the sensitivity? Yeah, it's definitely my friend Okay, so Let's sort that out please I know, yeah, I'm gonna stand in front of the guy who shoots bullets randomly Reminder to myself This is not the video This is not the beginning of the video There's a clip before the previous clip Is that the restart of second time because of a haunted gun Video then edit this Great, okay, great Alright Swiftr says aim straight up with a gun You will fire the number of bullets I say when I say the first number that comes out of my mouth Five So does that stop I did not say Swiftr says But also that was very difficult to catch you guys I think maybe I got like one person We'll let that go Old man me can't keep track of people Swiftr says fire one bullet Good job Swiftr says reload Gonna need a full mag for this one Fire ten shots Sir Sorry Oh no Swiftr says please put that in Cool man Cool man Cool man Cool man Cool man I'm not getting any cool man content this episode beyond that anyway Oh man You won't kill me this episode Alright, let's see here Good game Good game EG man Swiftr says Swiftr says crouch Swiftr says looks straight down into the floor Can you hear me fire gunshot you look back up There I go Alright that was all warm guys you guys got all the stuff out of your system now You know only do things when I say Swiftr says for example Swiftr says last person stand dies Hello What's your name? Hello Dining King Fuck man so it does follow me man we're gonna have some fun And when I say we I really just mean me that's okay Alright Here's all you guys do so just follow me You're gonna wait right here Alright Alright so your job Can I give you the words you're gonna have to go from gonna have to get past here But I die Everyone in this line over here is gonna be looking for you they're trying to shoot you I you can try and figure them out You could you know take a peek over here It's got to run across some out you say how to go in a straight line I mean you could zigzag I mean you can't leave Don't go and go past these vehicles over here I don't want you to see my camera view You have a smoke? Uh no Would you like to borrow mine? Yes please Yeah I got you bro look at that man I'm here I'm here to help you out Alright Swiftr says you guys are allowed to fly as much as you want through the smoke Which says you can start running after the smoke appears Alright Good luck What is this now? I was so close Alright you were so close I mean you made a halfway bro I don't know about close Oh I didn't use the other new mistakes Don't follow the smoke Alright Alright Swiftr says the one please follow me I G G G G man Swiftr says please get behind the counter The lobby here It did use up my smoke though I got a bad feeling No or against I don't think more than one third of you guys will die from this No fakeancies Alright I'm gonna make this feel better So in the center of this room over here there is a circle In this circle a surprising number of you guys will fit Some of you will not Swiftr says Go for your position yourselves as you'd like go ahead Three, two, one Swiftr says freeze Swiftr says look straight down Swiftr says if both your feet are not in the circle take five steps back Sir Are both, thank you Alright Swiftr says all of you guys take five steps back so just get behind the counter Unfortunately the people in the circle are the ones in trouble Oh no Plot twist Great So let me see we have one, two, three, let me count here Seven players Lucky number seven Swiftr says take out your best weapons guys This is gonna be the only one of you coming out of this one alive May I go in May like good luck Alright Swiftr says there's one behind the counter You can take a peek if you want But if you die from them hurting by mistake then you ain't coming back Peek at your own risk Alright Swiftr says you seven Will kill the other six players or die trying When I say the name Varied At any Disney theme park Oh geez Look look I've been to Disney maybe only a handful of times It's not like I know any like the one really popular How about Disney past folder I would go this so well So it says J dog please join them over here Don't push me Stop We'll give you a little bit of a new man you love Alright there we go now It's eight there we go Yeah J dog Alright here we go So it says listen carefully So it says when you hear a real Ride from a Disney theme park It starts killing other players Make his house of massages Is there Is that the right? Goofy's gooey bubble bath Which does remain standing up bro Minnie's maximum cartage Loot over his burrito Alright Chad I'm gonna need some ideas for actual real rides I don't I can't think of a real real real real real real real Sorry What is Mickey asses massages Sorry 21 and up only guys Alright Guardians of the Oreos Oh there we go that's one clash mountain That's not real that's not real Alright here Tower of Doritos Oh So it says S G come stand over here Oh no Sir Tower of Doritos You're letting your hunger get the best of you sir So it says you fly in the center circle over here Alright let's see your Disney rides Disney rides Um Buzz Lightyear's period pyramid scam From here mid scam Cough number one App call Apple core Look at that shot I'm cheating Peter Pan's peanut butter panda time What Oh I'm scared of all James That's a good ride I'm tired to the care bears Oh you passed Oh yeah James you're the pass holder dude I heard pirates of the cut and I'm like okay that's gotta be it then nope Oh I'm sorry the care bears classic I know okay It's my favorite I am a pass holder no I'm not gonna lie I will actually Alright let's continue So it says the game is continued Pacific Rim Mac Adventure Oh no Good Disney Are you all walking Real wire both the shotguns trained on me come on out Epic Stea house Space Hill Oh careful there So it just says freeze bro what are you doing doing laps over there I'm not even saying Mickey's high five time yet I'm not real don't worry about Alright let's see here Is ticker's bouncy house a real place J dog What was that sorry Tigger's bouncy house No not a thing Wow really How about Poo's the fave unlimited honey No It could be a real place but it's not a Disney ride Roger rabbits way too hot wife I don't know Huh? Sorry you got me an 80s kid I'm sorry that's not what I'm gonna work with I'm gonna work with the three We have the internet in the 80s and 90s guys Jessica rabbit was was all we had Oh alright Hello Jessica rabbit Star Wars Galaxy's bread Bread Cheshire Cheetah's Speedo that must be the one that I never mind Um now people charge me fake ones this make my life very difficult guys Some of these are actually right I can say I can verify some of these are right Oh oh flight of passage that's real kill each other That's real guys That's real He's real I don't know hopefully there you go it's a real one yes yes that's real one flight of passage It's uh it's a it's an avatar ride you have to wait like five hours to get on it or something anyway Yeah Uh ride gaming Uh ride gaming you know I'll find the battle plan for us to get on that ride like we like woke up at 6 a.m. Got in line Didn't take the long all right He's down here right now all right hang on Sort of this is loco have you ever went to Disneyland or Disney World? No Where are you going now that you've won this? Oh Oh I mean guys I'll be your best Cool man why don't you bathe your your dead mid cool man you're literally dead why are you telling us you be right back? What I don't know He's got to get his content in for you Swifter says everybody follow me All right Swifter says an optional shoulder Against the fence my guess Swifter says freeze I appreciate all of you guys being shoulder to shoulder whoa how can we move? Freeze Yeah, what's your name? Yeah you Swifter says please go back into the line thank you There we go I thought it was an alignment move around all good All right cool We do all sorts of fun stuff out here sometimes I make you guys go in the fence behind you but everyone died because very dangerous It's very dangerous for you to get on this fence You might see a number you need to move yourself a little bit to the right things a little easier on on PC than is on console I died to this last All right you know what since the one of you guys that will last I might as well give you guys another shot at it all right last first The stand of the fence and live dies go What does this freeze Oh Oh, there's a you you and you come on over wall I didn't say a switch says what are your names guys? Alex Alex and Yeah and DJ squishy great you three kill each other Oh I can't Oh Oh Oh Oh I dropped it What what what happened bro I knew you watched that I was close I was really laughing Jacob I appreciate you Yeah you know please rejoin the game uh and um I was out whoever you killed please rejoin the game you know please run over men Oh, Jaya Jack please come back yes all right Oh Um hello Okay look Drop your controller You give up a little bit Alex You guys will have fun one of you guys will come back alive one of you will not Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay let's make it sure I gotta be I gotta be a little more careful here All right So what does this you two When I name anything that might be served at a New York City Pizzeria The other player I've been to New York Yeah I'm there So what does this worry both of you from I'm from the Netherlands And you've been in your from With concerts Wisconsin All right Have both of you guys ever bought pizza from outside your home before? No No have you ever had pizza in your life? Yeah I had Mostly we just make it at home all ourselves Okay imagine you open up a shop inside your home song pizza There we go visualize So just as both of you think of other things you'd sell with that pizza Yeah but so just looking at each other All right again So if just as when I say the name of a thing that a New York City pizza we might sell To each other Strawberry cheesecake Where are these heavy breathes where the leaves of oxygen for the rest of us Please sir I'm trying to record this here Please Please Bro mute your microphone breathe all you want but man Let me do this this is the board part of the game Yeah mouth breathers Oh man Oh man okay where was that yes Good strawberry cheesecake Teabone steaks Ramen French fries Soda We got some bad news for you They don't sell soda which fucks in New York City There is a newly passed law that says That you cannot sell soda Another high calorie That's right please jump out of the fence lost What is this stop? What is this stop? Wait It's a joke It's not real It's a joke Okay It's my job of messing around Okay great What is this everyone get on the fence with that dying go ahead To join our games Uh oh Oh Oh Well that was good That's okay mistakes You know I had the stupid auto jump on this on this auto the auto mantle yes Oh yeah I figured that was gonna happen And there was the bus to bus Jack the ripper is dead Okay I did so so you guys had difficulty with that Now it's time to test how fast you can do it Swiftress says when I say the name Of a pastry We'll jump down and get back on the fence The last person to sell themselves in top of the fence We'll die Swiftress says listen carefully For a pastry Don't know Don't want to pastry what are you guys doing let's go Oh Oh no Hang on I got Google's really quick I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure don't say pastry Yeah thanks Hey Google is it don't know the pastry I'm pretty sure You're all just dead Don't it's not pastry we're not pastry good Okay good I just you know I'm okay with YouTube comments yelling at me But I mean I just want to make sure I'm a person ready There we go Great One person died You were the last person but you know since that guy died I'll let that slide let's try it again Swiftress says when I say the name of another pastry We'll jump down and get back on the fence Quickly as you can last person will die Hot dog button A loaf of bread Appling corn cereal A quesant Yep that's a Please come on down Where are you from What Georgia You ever have a quesant before Yeah You think it's not a pastry there's a quite a delay in your response time there I kind of zoomed out It's okay you know when I'm so down there When I'm so down there a few things help me kind of focus I like coffee coffee is good for me sometimes I can get like a little jog around the block not too far very out of shape That'll wake me up also Swiftress doesn't load So it's also wake me up This is race All right cool Swiftress says look at someone right next to you in the eye without falling off the fence If you have no partner You are in trouble Green man green weed man turn around First Please please please Please make a big big big please There's bandit What's your name The poem man Swiftress says name please So it's doggy style come on down bro It's great Look at each other I'm gonna make you guys kill each other it's the only one of you guys going back Listen carefully to the rules of this game Swiftress says kill each other I thought doggy style would get that I thought doggy style would get that I thought doggy would get that I'm just gonna do one All right bandit you can go you can Bandit your prize as you can pick anyone person be your partner go choose Of course you're not picking a partner All right Swiftress says the rest of you guys is teasing you I'm teasing me Oh you don't want to be my partner All right Swiftress says everyone else in the fence get ready So if you say the name Of the country we are in in this map Uh oh Kill your partner So if you're not sure what country you're in You can ask for help but people may troll you Swiftress says begin if you want to ask Please Please You're my name is turkey It's in turkey It's not turkey It's not turkey It's not turkey All right I'm only gonna let you guys you know cheat off each other for a few more seconds anyone else Germany is Germany It's Germany in our life In the UK All right Swiftress says let's begin Swiftress says when you hear me say the name of the country That this map is located in will kill your partner So does he must use mail ice you don't murder the 15 people behind you were in front of you Oh come on you got a knife But no your map knowledge will will give you the advantage you need So does this list of you Swiftress says no Swiftress is listen carefully Mexico United States of America United Kingdom Iceland Sweden Japan South Africa Brazil South America That's a continent France Netherlands Good job Swiftress says All right we have seven players left Swiftress says come with me Peru I've been to Peru once it was awesome So when I went to Peru it was maybe like 1314 years ago I went on one of these These trips where they just kind of you can go solo and they put you in a group of people Which is not the only thing that I can do I'm not going to go to the other side I'm not going to go to the other side I'm not going to go to the other side I'm not going to go to the other side You can go solo and they put you in a group of people which is neat So you don't need friends You'd make friends Those called group adventure I think they're probably still around You basically go there You give them a bunch of money They put you in a small group with people around your age and then I don't know you go somewhere So that's fun Let's see here All right great seven players Swiftress says without breaking the glass Please flip as evenly as possible between these two paints They had a blast and threw so much fun This is a guinea pig It was delicious You wait a what? Guinea pig It's a little hamster That's what my guinea pig is People eat those I mean I don't know you eat cows right If you any kind of like living animal You can't complain I don't know I just never thought about it Yeah, I'm sure it's pretty good It does any animal you can think of somebody eats it I mean I've had an alligator before That's edible Yes it's It's a chicken bite It's a very thick chicken It's just like chicken It's like chicken salad It's a little bit of chicken salad from Louisiana All right so let's continue the game We have five minutes time to determine some winners I'm gonna go watch this All right swifters has looked out All right here are the rules I'm gonna fully fire at this van one bullet at a time Swifter says when you see fire You can break the glass below you And run away after you fall through Got it You're only a scape route Is going under you And running away Once the fire starts There's a few seconds before blows up So you have a pretty good chance of getting away if you can react quickly If you break the glass prematurely Everyone on your team does Swifter says the game is begun Swifter says the game is begun I'm gonna use the one thing I do No No No No I'm gonna use the one thing I do I'm gonna use the one thing I do I'm gonna use the one thing I do Fire No, watch me Watch me Watch me Watch me Take what you kill someone Yeah Alright, practice. Bigfoot, the DJ Squishy look like a piece of glass. He did when she started. For Oracle question. Alright, great. We're down to five players. So let's go to the kitchen. Only three and a half minutes left. But cool man. Yes. I know. We're near your commentary. Thank you very much. I appreciate you. Now stop. Thank you. Okay. Alright, Swiftressess. Surround the center table over here. Here are the rules. We're a lot to fire bullets. Across the counter. You're not fire bullets to the left of you. The right of you. Your bullets must go over the counter. You're allowed to hug the table and go left and right if you'd like. You must always be touching the table. Make sense? Swiftressess, everyone touches. Careful. Swiftressess, touch the table. Swiftressess, crouch. Swiftressess, rotate to your right. Swiftressess, stop. Swiftressess, rotate to your left. Swiftressess, stop. Swiftressess, stand. Great. These are the only motions available to you when playing this mini-game. Remember your bullets must fly over the counter across the counter. Alright? No killing someone right next to you. If you're a crouch next to someone, you are safe from them. If you want to attack them, you must go to the other side and kill them. Oh yeah, more than. You'll be as it would be fun. Alright, Swiftressess, crouch. Don't worry. You're not going to trigger it unless you walk up on the table. This is to make sure you guys don't climb. Alright, Swiftressess, only one player won't win this game. A bit of last player alive. Swiftressess, make sure you're hugging it. We have any questions before we begin? What happens if we shoot the prox mind? Then you deserve to die, bro. I assume the people who are standing will die and the people who are crouching will live. The game continues until there's only one player left. Swiftressess, begin. Yeah, I knew it would not blow up totally. That's it. Keep on going. No. That's fine. Keep on going. What? Okay, mom. I've been... It was something like rude. Oh no jumping. I don't know. Mom! I'm watching something here. Mommy, loof. Mark me, loof. I'm switching. I'm going with the dramatic music, too. It's Swiftress, mom. Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh, there we go. Two left. Oh, 42 seconds. They're fun. There we go. We got our winner. Winner is clapped. Congratulations. Awesome. Yeah. What's your head of the body flew into the air? I come out of spectator mode. The body dropping from the ceiling. Oh man, didn't even stand up there. That's the way it will. He's going to learn the rules. Great game. All right. Flap. Let's just shout out. That's all good. Clapped says he appreciates all of you guys watching. He appreciates everyone who's here to morn. And he hopes you guys all have a wonderful 2024 unless you've done something really evil in real life in which case he hopes to get hit by a bus. His work's not mine. All right. Great game, guys. GG. Let's get her for the next round.