 Swift Goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to Sea Town, the home of the very best snapper rollout. Actually we're not, now we got snapper rifles, Reason for Vollvers. Magnum. Yeah, I wish every call of duty game just had a revolver. I think what's the last call of duty game to have a proper revolver in it? It wasn't advanced warfare with the M1 irons was it? No that wasn't real, it was go.. I think it was go, seriously. Yeah, well anyway, ladies and gentlemen the way the game works is that we're gonna take turns being around in a circle and firing a single shot We can't disable Amosist, so there'll be a little bit of slow down, but it's fine. It's fair for everyone. So the person to go first will be Let's go with um I pick Simple children, where you at jump up and down please oh Yeah, there we go. All right great. So we'll go let's say uh Counter-clockwise from you so go ahead spin around fire one shot. We can end the bets now Nope, we could beast you're up next Oh Franco Pro. Sorry buddy. All right, never madness. Good luck. I know. It's not a madness go for it All right nothing yet. I mean jack Oh It was very bad. Is there below? Whoa You able all right Oh Wow, rip you may have any drop down the wall All right All right next we got a lecture bomb go ahead Furious go for it Next I can't see your name, but spin around it's Lonzo Lonzo. That's right. Of course it's lunch. All right sells you're up Oh, CC. Oh, no. Oh, no No, but yes, all right nightmare you're up Two girls the lobby stand next to each other psycho you're up Meathead I got this Oh Guys it's officially a sausage party all the girls are dead for it flame Flame you're up I'm more scared of the people that are on my list and my work. Yeah, that's the you should be that's the highest those are most likely killers wicked beast Slam madness I'm invincible I Jack There's nobody kills gurney Lonzo Ooh lecture bomb let your bomb please don't Cells Oh all right here we go Psycho me head Flame sinful wicked Oh Flame is out Sniper madness Jack This penetration All right, he really got sold out Oh No Nothing's been lonely Yeah, oh You got company now meathead at the bottom of that well All right, all right next Please someone be Jesus Christ damn Oh Please don't oh thank God Electro bomb that's not fair I need to do it Oh wow But um Can't trust your neighbor sniper madness Jack Close close I got bike on my side by staying front of bike I believe You Didn't know it just feels so weird I feel like he's someone who's there belobs gun Hang on there Oh Whoa that was close wicked wicked Oh Let us probably a bad time to do John notice teddy bear and bottom of his world Oh, yeah, that was there There's a teddy bear down there in the world Hey, at least we're not lonely guys perfectly dropped up against the wall though I wonder maybe it is an easter egg that wasn't dropped down there Maybe just maybe I wonder maybe is rendered because this is a video game You're saying someone didn't climb down there before the match started place that teddy bear climb back up I can see doing that rotation we're gonna spice it up You just go for it psycho Well, all right regardless wicked beast you're now gonna fire two shots they go for everyone so far two shots won't have to the other go for it Electors out jack two shots My body Oh, that was three all right all right wait who shot three shots good course wait it wasn't even as good Don't worry just keep us no no no wait what no you know what happens when someone's in extra bullet We have to give it back to them give the man back his bullet All right gotta give him the refund wow that's all right. It's a face the site Wait, what? Oh, yeah, all right all right guys. It's now time for the one v1 duel So uh make your way over to uh yeah right next to a wall look for like an open open spot You guys remember where we used to do it the other's other side of the wall other side Yeah, that's good right there all right, so you guys gonna face each other let me explain the rules in case you're not you haven't done this before It's been a while so there's three steps you shake your hands like look up and down there you go There you go very no you don't you don't give the other person a special massage No, shake your hand up and down All right, then you turn around so you're back to back All right, don't do anything yet. I'm just gonna explain this. Oh, I get oh I can get free free Yeah, that's nice You uh you're gonna walk as slowly as the game will let you when I give you the board So as slowly as the game will let you just walk in the direction you're facing when I say fire You turn oh I'm not yet. I What I say fire you can turn around you will turn around and you get to use one single bullet You can't you can't move in that spot you can't jump you can't dodge you can't go into prone You turn around You use that one single bullet you miss your bullet you just wait All right, so gentlemen walk as slowly as the game will let you I don't recommend looking down I Little like a Parkinson's Fire Oh one more play one bullet all right we could be his chill man one shot All right the first bullet gobs that's fine Oh Yes, if that second shot killed him that would have been out of been different all right But yeah, congratulations. We could be on the win good game. I miss you time If we do this again, we're gonna do the entire thing in third person because that's an option one more for a three Oh my god. All right All right Dude's as always. Thank you for watching my videos really means a lot I always want to share with you guys. I'm now officially sponsored by soilent I don't get least two bottles a day. It's a meal in a bottle tastes good Chalk is my favorite flavor coffee original close second Links in the description for want to check it out make me look good and really I think you're gonna love it Chocolate all day baby. Thanks for watching dudes