 What's up everyone welcome to sell out team roll out? That's a mouthful our first player to spin will be great. We're yet great Spin around full speed fire shot random There you go. The shooter is operator clockwise bandit your next man Doggy style Oh All right, we're first player down skater normally in a regular game you die, but in this game of Sell out money money they go some my pocket and bring them back to life. Should you revive them? Sorry? Skater, oh, no, no, no, you should have slammed out anyway Money so it's just a box. I don't recommend giving me money for this. It's kind of dumb Anyway, 18 seconds if you do you go back to life one save is all takes Okay, he saved a man. I didn't show let's see I said Matt keep please bring your teammate back to life bro Jack barlam back You never let coach there. There you go. All right, great and you're back the game continues. Thank you Jack I think skater was next right. Yeah, there you go All right, keep on going pure psyche you're up my dude Now you can't take down your own team mate be careful He did only on Twitter only on twitch Alex It's so ironic that time you mentioned it. Oh, sorry. No, all right, isn't it 18 seconds will you say a phantom? Not only to good Phantom Great saved you all right. I got you bro. I got you Gray with the save care player remember you don't need a full team to win the game You just need one one player like to be below life. All right. Let's continue I'm gonna stay out here for this one. Yep continue Bro chill next Oh Your position the circle is up to you now we're gonna resolve these guys individually just raise your first 18 seconds All right stop says the ring this is a family channel back off boys all right 10 seconds Well Evil Jimmy save the last second revive your teammate last second there All right Henry you're up next man 18 seconds They saved me I've had horrible luck We've died the most in this real life game and we've been playing for All right, I'm gonna remember to stop mucking a lot of your tokens one time was up one Would you even enable token? I did you need with saved tokens no because Jack tried Jack tried to save and not active Oh, that's weird. Yeah, or I'll try again 18 seconds. I'm on now I saved your life man. He was saved Oh, why didn't worth the last time strange All right, all right next up extra I keep guys keep mine your position if you're lined up you're gonna get THC Shotgun Moon that trace away through me, but okay, oh man, we don't argue with the call physics You'll be oh Evil Jimmy down 18s I press the run button. That's why 18 seconds. I know okay it didn't work as a personal run button I Don't worry. I will save him by setting him to like Antarctica give me a second here five four three two one Don't do it. I got you bro. Let's get some more nice of cold All right All right, dancer We have a stems can we use that you can use a stem whatever you'd like yes use it carefully Any day now Oh If you guys want to save somebody you gotta buy go oh Matt styles is down 18 seconds Being a man Rock is saved. I'm see you later. All right. I'm not see you Right now This is a best All the operators are giving different voice lines Oh, hang on hang on that was a premature shot wasn't it We No, no hang on hang on I saw two shots from AC and skater who got those downs So wasn't you scared I was sat on the phone. I'm not in touch by control. Okay, okay. I'm all men just see this all right Both that look at that two for all right bandit your first 18 seconds Get her me There's no trauma for this game mode as just so you guys know it's a mom's let people back I mean I didn't see two smoke trails, but I assume they were Right All right, you're up next 18 seconds please save me Right girl is this is real's money to save place. I don't recommend it I wasn't asleep please save them You're man you tried please all the matters All right, let's continue Skater Oh, that's what I did not on the way team died Oh Hey Wait up That's why you know that shots headshot that's not nothing to do about it. There you go next You Gonna kill me again. All right, great. Save them. I don't know why didn't hear the audio There you go great with the save. Oh, all right. It's X-ray now hang on All right X-ray 18 seconds C try to the save you there we go I I Wish give my life to be back into the game. I'm wishing my life to be back to the game It's like it's like there are lifeguards on the beach and this one hot girl is like you know needs like Versus a patient those guys run it over Oh, oh, wait All right, the first new person got mail-aid The person who got mail-aid please rejoin the game All right, I was punished but your next turn to skip shot them You're not done. Let's go back I was gonna wish my life to be back though All right, new moon you're up next Wait, wasn't it wait You skipped J-Racer it was J-Racer's not J-Racer you're right now, sir Yeah, yeah, he's right there where I'm right now. No one is just yeah, I done the class Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, you're right. Okay. Sorry. Yes. All right. You're your next ipod just yes I'm on my way. I made a flail Shotgun skip please be careful with the revives guys you will be held response Oh Shout a man. Hey, I just can't stay alive Hey, okay,genreich has justifiable I will Say to save you because I'm the circle at night. Hey, we'll give TSC a shot to spin before we continue. Go ahead. OK, OK. Yeah, you guys were to get me, though. And I'm dead. Oh my god. Hey, sir. Sir, you get the fire. What are the sensitivity? All right, get enough. All right, who's next? I think I am because it was goofy that down THC, right? Yeah. Let's go. All right, let's go. Awesome, dig. Oh. There's a headshot. Nice one back from that. That's too bad. That's too bad. That's a headshot. If it's a headshot, no revive. Why are y'all thinking about the team? Actually. She. Oh, you're gross. I'm not dead. I'm over here. For that. Oh. Henry's down again. 18 seconds. Still like that. Oh, like that. I can save you again. I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, if it's, if it's all on my team, I'll resum just to be safe, guys. I've got your six. I'll get the targets. I'll do better than I'm raising. All right, next. If you're watching this and for some reason you want to throw your money off me, you can, I guess. Just make sure I be in down with your money. Tap X-Meshmer, buy me a switch. I don't, I don't recommend it now. I don't recommend it. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't hit either. Goddamn. KC gets of engines. Oh, my God. My turn. Yep. Shotgun, you're good. Yes. Oh, no. Please don't kill me. Oh, brother. No. No. X-Rey is down. 18 seconds. Oh. I don't need it. I don't need it. It's easy. This is insane. Oh. This is insane. Please don't kill me. You're acting like it's controlled. It's random. It's random. See, try to save you. All right, all right. Very careful. Very careful. I don't know what to buy me. I got the idea. I got the idea. Right, this is me over a vibe. All right, next. You're next. I know Eden, Eden, Eden, you can just go ahead, Eden. If you are anyone else that have lost your streak, you'll reach out the Twitch. They will fix it. They made an error. They canceled a bunch of subs by mistake last month. Oh, you guys do it since we make sure you're resubbed and then reach out the twitch. Hey, today is not my day. He is all your lost winnings. Trifters says these bullets flying past me like crazy. You're always crazy. I didn't expect to win. Trifters says that time. I'm always better off. With goofy goober's down. Oh, good. That is down. Now. All right. Will you ever goob again? Let's find out 18 seconds. Thank you. Jack is saying you. They were caught in the right now. Go on. Goob on. Oh my god. I'll go take goofy. We have to be in the right. Next. The human is natural process team team the winners of the trophy. Right? No. No. No, no. Just fine. Just fine. Take your individual and your target back. No, no, no, no. Henry. Oh, okay. Got it. Little of the same as one dying over and over again. Jeez. 18 seconds for Henry. Keep making swift the $10 at a time, Henry. Let's make swift rage revive me. I just think it was fun. All right. Anyway, eight seconds. Five. Maybe it's time to select Henry go to. No, it's not. It is. All right. Whoever killed it, did he make kill him or the enemy? No, it was serious. I shot him. Racer gets used to the execution. Go ahead. Oh, that's really. Oh, shit. A lot more than I can see. I can see you. I'll tell you. Enemy's in the stream. Oh, shit. A-T-A-T, no moving back was now. Oh, a shotgun does dead? Yeah, shotguns. Oh, a shotgun. Headshot. All right, but no one could come back 18 seconds. There's only the enemy. Safe. Great save. You see a later. Wait, what? It's beyond wall, man, the sorry shotgun. That was crazy. It's so built into his brain. In regular roll-life, if someone's dead, there's dead. And in team roll-life, you know, a team has to outnumber the- Well, it's our team has to be remaining. All right. Shoot his head. Contact. Yeah. Go. Covering your six. Whoa! Targeted. That was a teammate though. 18 seconds for Phantom. Go. Kill him. Kill him. Kill him. Kill him. Kill him. 10 seconds left. Let me fight beside you. Oh, see Trotten saved you. I got you. You're going to make it, bunch. Continue. Damn, they got shot that hard. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You don't want to think it is better like I did. Seriously guys were vins though. That's all I care about. They're going to hit you that hard, bro. Shit. I didn't hit you that hard, but you always like a little truck. Coming down. He's chasing Max. My body is torn in hell. Hey, you. Targeted. I'm on your six. Pop in a fresh man. I got to have a wind up. Shit. Whoa. On your six, baby. Now you caught him. Change it back. Multiple threats here. Yeah, you see your up. Scatter. That's okay. That's okay. He's a headshot too. Oh my god. All right, continue. That's a melee. Raise your careful. Yeah, don't be like me. Who did it on action? Oh, X-ray down again. 18 seconds. Save me, guys. Save. You've been saved by Skater. See you later. Thank you. Thank you. Please be very careful in resin teammates. Matt coming from across the circle. I mean, I feel like if you were saved. Look, if you're in the circle and you're the same, you go, you go, you go, you go, you know. All right. Don't, don't, please don't. Save me. Matt, Matt, relax. All right, let's continue. This vest has worked too via hardcore. Well, all the team killed him. That's great, that's great. That's great. That's great, she all goes, isn't it? She's still recovering from that trauma, traumatic events. Actually, go ahead and spin. I'm going to go to the next one. Next one. Yes. Yeah. You're free. Get him. Enemy spotted. Untamed. Let me fight this idea Hang on wait wait wait All right, let's tighten up the circle moving folks I feel like a bonus spin is coming no no no You wait just get away man, do I got it man? I might be dead, but I can still see things all good Let's get her a little bit more bro a little bit more Okay, I'm sure cuz I'm what you was alive. No, I'm very dead here headshot All right there we go great You're a thing Well All right 18 seconds for doggy style here Snoop down All right All right Jack is saved doggy style. Please carefully resurrect only him You're next man 18 seconds What's most indeed now? 4 3 2 1 Please wait please wait, please wait please wait hang on all right. Yes, Racer Let's see that smoke again Cost up a literal lug all right continue Here we go look at that. That was a good investment in doggy style right there All right, all right Karama you got first 18 seconds You've been saved my skater skater you can rise up what man? Let the man who paid the money actually save them Don't I got you oh no Remastered guy There we go there we go there we go you know if you pay ten bucks He might as well be the do the Racer rectum right right remaster 18 seconds Dude you have several men standing around you you sure you want milk man you may not go You've been saved my skater skater go for it All right next up skater It is me Doggie style recap the game hang on hang on No, we will be his turn will be skipped let's move on it's okay. That's so yeah I saw the male We're all here. I'm sorry doggy. All right. He's rejoining the game Matt you're up next All right Gotta get the spirit He's too wasting All right first we'll save the shallame. Let's see here 18 seconds I Was written I'm trying to screenshot here Hey, you're getting out of space you ain't you ain't no I need this mug man. I need it It was not saved My finisher racer smoke me up buddy. I have Lee what he wants he wants to go out with a puff all right go for a racer All right next up new moon 18 seconds Jack is saved Oh god you what's this thirst to save the holy moly all right? Okay, look Oh, look please stay away from the players. Let's ask thank you very much. Let's keep this orderly all right continue I'm gonna snoop back in the game yet. No bro You're back in Let's just wait let's just with fire gun please. Thank you There you all right now we can continue All right We master All right here we go 18 seconds Oh I do it since I killed him. Please master go ahead stop stop okay thank your death All right skater up next You do we scare right oh do we scare right and it was remastered right oh yeah, sorry great go great go ahead Thank you I imagine it was skater said that you skipped great It's getting saved with you as teammates. Well anyone save skater I Save this man. No Save you been saved my see try to see later. I mean I'll see you later. Oh hang on all right Thank you, man, I'll see you later. Sorry. I say that I said that yeah, I've been saving it still for like three years I'm doing it like every weekend for years. All right Oh So you I want to tell you follow my female my I so one said she I No, no, no, oh wait Did it pop up that I missed that I miss it that All right, all right, all right, yes, I'll go ahead man. I missed it. Wow. How am I miss it? The audio she blaring to my ear Like free saves in one kill All right, you we please remain in your spot sir. I appreciate the good humanitarian in you, but but chill all right new moon 18 seconds. Let me actually Hey more attention That's not very nice. Thank you, Julia. I missed that one Let's go I'm trying to go in for these sweet screenshots while I can too All right Remaster See you later No way we did manage I thought we were at the disadvantage All right X-ray I believe is next What you doing? Coffee Oh What you mean Wait, you All right, you only shot one one time right X-ray. Yes, skater made a misfire Yeah Did not hit anyone all right, that's okay you feel free to be fine 18 seconds Oh kupa saved you Thank you, all right now, now it's your turn to believe if you fire And Imagine 18 seconds Too cool you has used a $66 killed token was not in the game that is death all right hang on here. Let's see here I'm honored, but I've had them go for it Oh Thank you too cool, who said that's called get out of here all right next up gray His head is just gold No looking down your sights folks All right you ease down 18 seconds Save you've been saved by kupa see you later. I'm not see later. Sorry. Come back to life. I really got to get out of my system All right next Who's it is it race or are you a no you really cuz you you're up X ray Shop five now you shot you mom there's only one player left in the team they cannot be there's no more Resurrections there's no one left to rest them Ray is down 18 seconds So I can kill token, please That's expensive then to you know like who could I He's kind of because food his down next An enemy yep if you get a headshot they cannot be provided 18 seconds save even save my ctron in through י a automated Because I shot you. We're in mod war for a three-plenty game called snap roll at watch out those mail-as What's it? No I feel like goofy is intentionally one more than we pause All right, we'll move in show little shoulder Okay, the funny increases all right great On your six Okay, no worries come back into the game great 18 seconds for Never Bring this man back to life You know PS5 players I'm a top player hang on hang on hang on hang on hang on hang on hang on hang on hang on hang on I'll prove it thing real quick hang on Krama what platform you want PlayStation One place I'm on PlayStation I got an Nintendo pro controller All right, who's next great great great great go ahead. Yeah Skateweight Go ahead What system are you using like You we rejoined Oh my land. Oh my land. Blue team. That's right. Continue. Enemy spotted. Oh, it's my turn. Yes. Oh, Jesus. Oh, the plane. Had shot. Had shot. Now it's happened. It happened. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. There's another four. Four advantage. Turn to the other side. Redemption. All right. Grays down. 18 seconds. Follow guys. It's nothing against play. See, PlayStation has a way, mainly, is set up. It's very sensitive. That would why it happens by mistake. Pilled. Oh, the kill of dog of receipt ran. Can I do it? Can I do it? Wait, can I do it? Oh, no. Skater. Keep it. Go ahead. Skater. Go ahead. Skater. Oh my god. Wow. See, try it. Thank you very much. He was moving. I think I knew it was going to continue. I was not moving. Now wait, guys, come back. OK, let's wait. No, he'll have you there. Are they close? Sorry. No, they just spawned in. There he is. There he is. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Let's go. Wait. OK, never mind. All right. Continue. Huh? Or posters. Got him. Nice. Got him. Guthoe. Quem spins for guy. Oh, band in the back. Oh, man. It's really not me. Do whatever we say. Boom. Be careful. Take this cap. Get your ticket. It's always Asians. He's steadfast. Yeah, stop moving. Carefully, please. Carefully. It's just everyone's backing up. Bro, that's boring. Never again, bro. That was weak. Never again, Karama. Alright, next. Might as well have been a power bomb. What? You! Yeah, this is about a minute. You hit me so many times. Can I do it this time and actually do it wrong? Oh, he's not dead yet. Oh, now he's dead too cool. Too cool skill. Oh, I'm going to go with the coolest skill. Oh, I'm going to go with the coolest skill. Wow. Wow. I mean, with the coolest skill. There are no other resurrections for, or, for, for, for, for task, where there's no, yeah, if he dies, he dies. That's it. There is no rest. Alright guys, my guy, my guy, my guy. Yeah, no, yeah, whoever's next goes next. It's a one, two, four. It's skater. Oh, yep, I knew it. Just try and not shoot each other. Yeah, where are you going, you see? Alright, here we go. Wait. Wait. Alright, skater, 18 seconds. Go on, someone's going to leave me because I'm so good on the team. It's a 4v1. He's been saved. Carefully bring him back. Oh, wow. He really can make sure this team. He must have won. Alright, let's show you a militia my heavens in the bag. Kill him. Alright, next. Let's see, see his company in clutch. Alright, next. It's a career. I'm scared. Sorry, sorry if I hit you guys. Alright, skater does love his bullets. Here we go. Team kill. 18 seconds. Go one lock. Say it. Say it by winter rister. Yeah, thank you. Alright, there you go. Inject with roosters milk. There we go. Next. You want to pause on that? That will do it. Alright, we're back to our head. Yes. So sorry. Alright, go on. Guys need more careful. Now going forward. Every mistake melee means the other team gets an extra shot. Goofy Goober, you get two shots now. Oh, yeah. Oh, Lord. It's going to be only a score. One. And another. He's starting to get a shot. Alright, Karama. That's really what it is. So, maybe. Come on guys, all you got to do is hit him once. That's sure there's no comeback. Alright. Karama. 18 seconds. The four players total. Jack. Jack, don't touch the kill. Jack don't touch the kill. Greedure. Okay, Ty must be in his place. So. You okay? Good night. He's skipping it. Alright. Thank you Jack for the kill. Next. Motherfucker Attackniej! Guys, please. Raise. Hey, guys, stop here. Recenting something so much time Take it off your butt remove the keybond put it back on later, please Oh Yes, so you stay alive just in case I heard good big it story what Yeah Well back out what's never miss melee The number of cards is gonna be crazy one by x-ray one by jsl All right, well, I just changed mine I'm doing the same like they'll hold down on r3 Now I just You guys I have so much resistance pressing r3 What happened was I got the buzz confused for what's what go I got buttons confused Really probably guys my left thumbs pulling the trigger would bully me set and then my right one through the tree Yeah Look change change your keyboys Circles now melee instead That's really doing that's not it Go boys out of the map out of the map Someone I say okay Which turns it Uh About say skater done hang on hang on first skip hang on goofy's going twice than jazz racer begin Oh, violet's a okay. Yeah, but of course. Of course they are All right, yes, racer group So goofy you not aiming for me, right Hey 18 seconds Not I've changed the crouch button to be off. X-ray, can you go? Cool. Take care of them. Yeah. It's my little my team, or the other team. Yeah, on the other side of the map. I'd backup just a little bit just to get there. I'll hitch. I think you can shoot them all down as well, but whatever. Where is she? Down here. She's over there to back last one. It's sort of god if another person me lays there. Thank you. You good? No problem, mom. She's on a TV. Listen, it had to happen. Not like you shot enough of us anyway. Listen. I didn't know you were playing this game. You know how many times I've been talking. Listen. You took me out like so many times. All right. Who would turn it on? All right. Let's continue. Oh, sorry. Sorry. Oh, excuse me. Man, bro. I don't know guys. 18 seconds. 18 seconds. You're looking. Save a winter rooster. Thank you, Rinset. Another dose of milk. How high are you? 19 this for me. Very. You hit it. Oh, yep. I'm going to do this here. One bullet is all it takes, folks. Oh, no. Nathan. I think I'm like too close. No, this is good. No. That's it. It's over. All right. Investing in skater paid off. All right. I was a good try to keep a... There we go. Let him catch up. He passed team up. Yeah. Once he goes down from two to one. There is no going back. Team Bayley will be off. All right. We finally finished the game. Way to go. Big day to everyone who drops some gold. Thank you very, very much. Team Mill wins. No, he wasn't.