 Yeah, welcome everyone. Welcome to a special roulette game. You know, we've done RPG snappers revolvers. Now we're doing shock sticks. So let's pull one person to start off. Let me come to the center. I don't make sure I look at because I'm lazy. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, my God. Yeah, what's your name? Mr. Puppies. Mr. Puppies, come on down. All right. So here's the way it's going to work. You're going to spin around in a circle at least three times full speed. You'll throw your shock stick at random. Go for it. Oh, how am I? I died so fast. Oh, my God. Yeah. Well, this game's going to go folks. All right. So stay in the circle, but spread out a little bit. Maybe an increase chance of living. Thank you, solid. No, no, no, no, no, no. The circle is look, just like, spread out. Stay on the stand, the Edge is greater, guys. Thank you. All right. He's my spark is like, there's an entire corner that died. All right. Next up. Want to haha All right Yo, what's your name? Sully so just a Sully please go to the center All right, I got my sense my vertical sensitivity is so low. All right. I'm ready You can get to the close to the center, please Yeah, yeah, there you go. Thank you. Yeah, there we go spin randomly and toss a shock stick All right, so miss all right back in the circle You're welcome for not killing anyone's right person to his left can you're next? Name yes, sir, all right go for it All right, so miss next Name told us go for it Oh Rest in peace Alex rest me cold Yeah, yeah, yeah, if you pick the support perk package you might have last and whatever it is You're just dead. All right next I Want to apologize so the people I'm killing this is like a third time I've been hit Oh I love this man this is the name of the aim go for it. Yeah, it's funny Hit me with it Safe Go back goes to your next Yeah, full speed you did full speed full speed Tosu you're you're your shock stick The miss next Oh I'm glad I Next you just cut that guy out You guys can say you're now when you come up if you want You You Yo, stay next I'm the name of the person The middle just instantized I'm on fire You're all purposely missing What What that'll happen there next how he That's okay, you should really should really throw wall spinning. Uh Next yeah, go for it Whoa, chill chill All right, I was like Yeah, I want everyone setting on the edge of the crater no no backing up like that All right There you go up on the hill all right next go for it Another next Dead Oh, he's next yeah go for it Oh You Please stop throwing the shocks that's it made maybe people have to aim next at the center Is Go for meant So the problem is that everyone's looking at you when you throw the shock stick So when you hit them, they're probably gonna try to shoot you So yeah kind of sucks right right riding a drop next Yeah, we could have done like you look away from the person in the middle Sounds a lot of fun. I don't know if it's not spinning at the All right hang on hang on everyone's had a chance to go We're gonna change locales all right all of us. Let's come to go to the door your park show will refill up for you. Let's go to the well I Have to like drag my mouth like five times even like move a centimeter We used to require controllers and have kick keep more players out so we're trying to You have to take it to get in the bat we're on top of that well Spread out on the well That's gonna get everybody all right. Yeah, probably everyone's been at the same time It'll toss it when I give you the word go Oh Thank you They did all right Alright folks this next one. You guys are only allowed to fire gun while you're shocked. So you guys are allowed to move around as long as you're on top of that well. I'll be throwing the shock stick. If you fall off the well, go out of mag to lose. It's a be careful. Alright. What was that too small? That's too small. Alright both of you guys actually fall me. Not over there. Let's pick another spot. Um, too small. I think it has a little bit maneuverability. I know what I'm looking for. Yeah, this tank is good enough. Hop on. Alright folks, Sam rules. You're only allowed to fire gun while you're shocked. So you game with a player trying dodge. Yeah, is ready? Wow. Well, you guys are setting really close to each other. Sure. Whatever. Sorry. Happy that anyone. What's your name, dude? It's tie. Hi, congratulations on the win, man. GG. One game. I feel like something a little bit missing from that mini game, but I'll think about it. We get some feedback. We'll figure it out. That was fun. GG.