 Hey, welcome everyone. Thanks for subscribing if you enjoy the video What is up everyone? Yes, yes Black ops 4 We're playing it. We're doing a mini game. We're doing a shotgun roulette non black ops 3 not black ops 2 none Call of duty 4 But definitely mon warfare when it comes out but from black ops 4 and We're playing shotgun roulette one at a time a play will go down to the center spin around and fire shot And so in my dock Last year, we will I will play a yet to be determined mini game So who do you think will win? We got a list of players on that top right? If you need more time the pick was gonna win. I'm gonna go getting rind or whatever but drop in the comments see if you win and And these bets now Am betting is closed good luck. That's betting is closed. So let's see who's gonna go first The first player to go to the center is Simple all right simple from you are gonna go clockwise So the last person to go will be your hands berk. Sorry, bro. All right, but it'll be fine I'm sure so spin around when you spend a bunch of times just fire a shot You probably kill no one and then go back into the circle. There we go All right demonic owls next Oh What's that? Oh, that's a running card. All right. I sure I get myself out of the way like that good kill feed Well, we don't we don't yeah, I guess I'll go right here. All right. This next me. Go. Okay. Go ahead me head No further questions. All right. Do your predator you're up next go for it All right toxic burglar burglar come on down you amen at me. All right good luck You guys turn off your amuses right I mean they're going to go there. They're spinning really fast. So next Oh, that was close. No, I mean not me someone else That's that's not the center There is a little middle. There we go. All right galaxy go for it We don't do it Would have killed me that again next it was going foul. So we might need you two rounds for this video. I Need my 10 minute revenue Osses out All right, man, go go for it Let's get it boys Deadly three times now Who did I oh Galaxies now all right all right for me Eyes closed it Right behind all right your hands you lift go for it dude Close All right, congratulations everyone who survived round one everyone didn't survive round one. Don't worry This probably gonna be around you all right go on in person who's standing outside the circle go for it sinful That was like a graze your predator give it a go Burglar CC is still alive and kicking Missed like a ball Because you got nice suit Your nice suit isn't fit for combat. It just mirrors is very one side to Yeah, we're gonna fix that next round Who's gonna get it Oh My turn the circles are mess right now, but it's all good. We'll fix it after you hangos No victims all right one more go ahead All right back yep head back to your spot. It's all move in a bit. We're gonna tighten up the circle We're gonna spread it out There we go. We got some good coverage now nice Real nice All right, go ahead Tuxedo man Yeah, yes you got that button Man buns the never oh Magnum P.I. Here and buns work for some people Not for most I might agree with that oh Bad to be you bad to be you bad to be you bad to be you All right Some heavy breathing going on don't worry man, I know you nervous, but Oh, I'm still alive. Oh wait, oh hang on everyone get back in the circle hang on hang on hang on man Go look at you all the way out there dude. Yeah, where are you going? I'm vacation. There you go. Go for a watcher Your handsberg is out that could have been me I At least go show Yeah, I'm at it down. All right and eyes close Right between yeah nothing there all right, that's why I don't want to put bail it took on it makes that speech Whoa, like a spin in a half he was like got that taking like a cap off a bottle or something there with that shot This is so Oh All right call me crazy, but I think CC didn't spin there Actually I don't think she likes my emotes anymore. This is like a van. All right time to spin Here we go I'll explain what's going on Nice gun camera. Yeah, I don't even know about that I'm gonna try and avenge you right now Nope that fails I tried man We can't I'm not sick cool. Let me say outside the circle. You mean like I'm the only person on this side of the room Well, I know yeah, everyone everyone moving That's good. Yeah, yeah, no, yeah Yeah, you know no no no no All right, all right, this okay, no backup bro. All right good. Okay, let's get okay, all right this works all right go go ahead man, bud All right good enough All right Yeah, the issue's gonna be doing the final we won't get a Best kill cam or the actual final it's always like the best go cam What's the HECC what is what's with this movement in front people's face thing you doing I Don't think I'm very comfortable with it Not a single kill yet, all right continue Oh Boss is out For remain All right, I miss the old court games we shoot some with shock and the legs blow off I mean you can actually yeah, oh Something mine is on that was my turn. Yeah, it's just not as brutal, you know I mean nothing's as good as water water Yeah Like who's arms legs everything you know is a really brutal game for like executions an old one The first two follow games fought one fall out too those things were like Ridiculous he brutal you have like SM gene if you did like close range Like you would just basically melt like half their body to see like the inside and they just kind like flop to the floor It was like ridiculous It's all because I'm pretty strong and then there's gears Gears and I gears is it's own thing. That's right man that this but yeah new gears coming down I'm very excited for that very excited for the campaign not the multiplayer Just need me great The type is like shivvy is a crazy thing like mortal stuff I'm sure I would have killed myself All right, this is enough. I think we've we realized that we can't hit anyone at this range So what we're gonna do is not participate as well is that everyone's gonna spin when I say fire You keep on spinning and you keep on firing once there are two kills we stop so be very careful when I say stop It means two people are dead And you should stop shooting easy right stop means stop all right cool don't start firing it but everyone's been Everyone's been Spin nonstop and when I give the words can keep on firing okay, I'll be spinning too So I can't tell if you're doing the right thing All right and start firing now One down Me Yeah, all right, well, then CC let's get out of your too many bad memories of shooting people point blank without spinning right Trying to think of a fun mini game to play See let's go for a walk Because you'll die for damage All right, just this is some ideas you got the tower we can work with Let's go back to the uh He's out of the map Yeah Like may I jump from the tower try to melee them and do fall Let's just do a classic Standoff watcher you get to do it since you you got murdered so let's stand over here So you do know how to do it watcher this handshake procedure Or handshake yeah, can you can you walk over your CC? Oh, he's that enough room between the two Looks so it's good. Look all right. So yeah, we're over here that way you can move you can walk all the way over there All right great watch or take it only watch us talking now guys All right shake your hands That's very nice Yeah Okay, I'm back to each other all right I'm my mark you will start walking as slowly as possible and when I say go you will turn around and try to kill the other person Well, what what well bro Get one shot CC I get one shot CC you miss your shot you wait to die there's no walks around Yeah, okay What the hell is that all right Wait now yeah And five Don't worry CC just let me win because she killed watcher by mistake Why I say by mistake she means mean like in cold blood She didn't like my emails anymore. How's a pretty good spins be fast. Yeah, that was like perfect I'm practicing for this day all these days you think I'm playing fortnight now guys I'm loading up black ops war I'm spinning making sure I can stop on where I want on command All right Good game guys All right time for a bonus round The rules for this one are very simple. It's almost like the The semi finals for the last match Players will spin around and when I give the word you start firing And then you just don't stop until Everyone said actually I just realized it's not a fun thing to watch while I'm spinning the entire time So I'm actually not gonna participate I'm gonna be up here watching you guys die. No, this this will be better for the video. No, wait Be fine. Maybe when we also shoot me by mistake, but don't all right. So everyone start level out your guns Great now spin around Or will you say stop when there's like two of us No, no, don't worry. Don't worry. Just keep it. I'll let you know what you need to do For now, you need to know is that you're spinning around a circle and one spin Yo Carbohar box guy. Let's get that spinning going He's All right, keep on spinning keep one of you guys going on slow speed. Just looking down their sights There we go. No looking down your sights perfect cake. Hey sight looking down person stop it. I'll kill you Everyone stop. Oh, yeah, there we go. Don't make me kill you. All right. That was demonic. All right Jesus, Louise. All right, everyone continue spinning I'm getting dizzy. Don't worry. Close your eyes All right, I need to do as the vet trigger and start firing nonstop Keep on going Keep on going Go on Simple got me I got I got a claddle Someone's got to die eventually I can't even be me at this level What happened to some of them Simple Yeah, y'all are like out of ammo No, simple is out of ammo now. All right, you guys are both out of ammo Okay, wow, all right guys. We're gonna do a little bit differently. What you guys saying right next to each other You're right. So you guys gonna spin again, but this time instead of Firing a weapon you're gonna melee You're not you're not you're not a punch nonstop one when you don't want while you're spinning so first spin For sure to one show kill All right, yeah, start punching And all right, I want to do that. See I wanted to do all right. Let's go. Let's go. All right spin He's calling it your Door it's I'm not gonna punch back go Instant again as well. I want to feel the excitement to being punched while spinning Live No, I got the clap though That's a nice skin right there That was me dying right there. There you go. All right good game for real. So I'm guys GG one time Can't wait for mon warfare. You need a lot of great stuff in that one Yeah, good good game. Hey guys. Thank you for watching my entire video That means a lot because it helps my my YouTube ranking Speaking of which so YouTube has thought things that this video over here is one you'd be interested in watching next me I've personally picked this video over here. So please click on the one that is more appealing to you And the number is gonna show me whether YouTube knows you better or I know you better. So I'm just curious So thank you guys for watching and I'll see you next video