 Hey, welcome everyone. Thanks for subscribing if you enjoyed the video What is up ladies and gentlemen welcome back to another shotgun roll light we got the fire the fire breath shots on this one We're just gonna be a one at a time to circle. We will spin around fire shot until there's only a couple players left So let's go ahead and choose our first player is gonna spin around and close my eyes and stop and is You mixer mixer fire King are I'm adding a state no no no no no no no no sir I've trust me. I wish you were starting the center because I'm saying I don't next you but no no this game the rules are you stay where you are And you're gonna spin around and you're gonna fire at random so so full speed a Few times get a few spins in there and then then pull that trigger bro. You know no no no stop practicing stopping on me I will shoot in the face first there we go one random shot There we go good miss all right. We're gonna go counterclockwise be smothered first man You guys can also talk There we go see man Oh Absolutely gonna die before it gets less man. Okay, Mark. You're up man. Let's go dude. Don't do it market. All right next up No Kill donation is killed nation rest in peace. All right next up for actor. All right. Let's get someone Oh No, is that too? Marlon is out feels bad man. All right next up Trump Not me drop. I'm voting for you. Don't do it. All right noodle All right next up left All right, let's see your relic Oh Everyone got 60 health you got some health regend those we survive you're fine. I still go for it Yeah, there we go that wall won't forget that okay Oh sweet and more like cooktam all right next up the boy I'm gonna go for the pack this team camps Do you ever get the echo on on on discord all right? Go for a bro. Oh Oh the boy Okay, get up. All right next up bright guy There we go teal and not betray the fellow bald man. Don't do it. Oh All right, here we go. All right, all brothers until the end Oh So survived All right, good job everyone Hang on don't forget I want to hang on I want to I want to examine this footage All right, that's pretty random all right. Well hang on guys now. I'm dead. I got I got a spectate so hang on now that I'm dead Hang on stop so studies have shown It gave me looking my analytics page show that after I died one of these games people stopped watching the video This might be you be like ah the ballman died. I'll tell you what let's buy sit up a person who wins this game We'll get What prize you guys want 300 bucks Those are great ideas those are great G is the winner of this game will get to we'll get to host their own Simon says game in on my channel. So you'll be so there you go you win this I'll coach you I'll help with the commands and if it's not absolute garbage, we'll post the video. So here we go. All right, let the games continue There you go. All right, who will it be who's gonna get to do a A says game. All right. See man. Are you up? See man wake up All right, forget that bitch next person. Let's go. Oh, okay market. Oh, see man's too slow. Yeah. All right next Now she do it next Wait, what the hell was that All right now he's playing for the guy killed next All right, let's go Next Next Next Next Oh next Oh wait, did you get somebody? Oh, no Trump is gone. Oh, rest in peace. All right next Next Oh Brie guy bye guy. All right next Next Wow, you know my view is terrible. I've lost to me in the zeth's all right hang on hang on everyone moving a little bit Not too close, but let's this there's too many gaps moving a bit Move move in move. Let's make a nice circle spread it out a little bit Stay in the same spot There we go. There we go. There we go. This is just looks like a clump of clay over here. Let's try and let's try and Make him over circle guys. We can do it What tried is needs improving. No jack needs to come in. I think max packs and Forex move up a bit All right good enough. All right. Continue guys Oh Fire King is out. Well, that's the guy who killed me so I don't mind next I'm for sure Oh wow lumberjack on next Mara no oh He's out No one got lucky Next next Guys are already dead. All right. All right and Tielin Oh, we'll be survive that. Wow. All right hang on we're moving a little bit. Let's get rid of these gaps Oh, you get out of the same out of distance, but you know just see how this move within there we go That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. Yes. There we go. You don't want to be part of collateral. All right next All right next all right Mara no, don't do it. No Oh All right, all right. Well hang on hang on buddy hang on hang on hang on hang on Newtaly don't get to move whenever you want man His staying your spot buddy. All right. All right. Continue Oh, I Got ice all right. Yeah, yeah, we all say that all right guys reorganize five left Excuse me. I can't There you go great the pentagon First of all, the style of British As if you guys have a choice. All right. All right. Let's go continue. Be smooth Oh, four I guess that four players left All right packs of your plan for lebs that he murdered Yeah Hey, can I can I clarify it packs kill lebs like by mistake or was that part of the game Oh the game I think oh, it was a normal kill. Oh my bad. So is that though that was an accidental kill. All right No, never mind then all right continue noodle All right, all right next beast mode All right One more one more noodle go ahead All right guys reload Reload you know what time to stay in your current spot stay in your current spots One of you guys I will coach maybe I won't even need to coach you for first time in such a game called duty so Get ready What's gonna happen is you guys gonna spin nonstop and when I say go you're just gonna keep on firing your shotgun Until you're the only player left standing or you're dead. Are you ready? Spin And fire Oh packs out two players up keep on going You weren't firing why Because I thought you were gonna tell us when to fire I did Come on fire you've got this I don't Reload the All right beast mode congratulations man so beast mode says huh how do you how do you feel about that you confident about this? All right good game guys congrats the beast mode you'll see the his version GG guys You want to join us live twitch.tv 4th last Swift or from behind the scenes and for a chance to play see you there guys Hey guys, thanks for watching the video So got two options for you over here So over here this is what youtube thinks you'd want to watch next and I picked this one picked the one you think is more interesting. I'm curious to see what the stats are See you guys next video