 Swift go! There we go. What's up everyone? We're playing some Shotgun or let black ops through and have it come as a classic. You know, I It's just a nice little rock out here in the water. You got you got the Get the sun the clouds the back job with the water. It's just like a nice map to spin around and shoot people randomly Won't you guys? Yeah Yeah, yeah, first the first player to go will be me Let me close it to here now closer to you. All right. Spy guy head to the center You're gonna spin around and you're gonna fire you're not gonna stop us putting until you pull that trigger He was gonna go next No time will unfortunate men. I think I'm covered with a kill feed here Move myself over here. Sure. Why not man. That's rough. All right, sis go for it man. All right, let's end those bets, please Thank you very much Deliose all right next up Ginger caught go for it man uncle ginger Oh I see snipes no fun story we restarted the lobby because I see snaps died by mistake And it was for nothing all right, I never get in show I See it's rough man. John go for man Easy Oh, please don't shoot me. All right, I think what you got man Oh Almost All right, Lego legend head on down Nope next Deliose All right game go ahead meant to the center you got it Don't kill me It's a small circle. I know let's skip my turn for this one everyone else should go before me you guys are my guests Beast mode go ahead man. Thank you so Jesus thank you then walks like half an inch away from me to spin All right next Socks like you're up dude Oh Well didn't your call played already that's all right Best of me is ginger caught you can have back to where you standing man remember where you were No, it's kind of fast on my school You'll figure it out. Yeah right there next up No Like the ten people before you went all right go for a kill All right, they always got a steleos all right there we go. I don't need to take my turn Well, I'll go next time. I'm confident I will survive spy guy you're up man Let's go a little bit nope, it's not actually Which way The center I smelt the center Bye You know, ginger call I know I know you're feeling depressed right now and your first your first instincts go get be comforted on YouTube But it was all thank you all right spy guy go ahead Oh boy You'll figure it out one day all right sis go for it. This is for you swester and No, it is not for me Oh Unfortunately Charlie Hector you're up Yes, all right legal legend you're up man All right Be nice and shout it's different when you're in the game with max sensitivity dillios All right, good try game go ahead What do you like in that game All right How to feeling that survive All right good luck So I'm not looking at my truck. I'm just gonna pull Never Oh, I was like right next to someone there a girl that's more in the center Okay, so that's the mark Oh, he's laggy Back in the circle you That's a pretty cool armor though Oh, bye guy, oh, trust me spy guy You know what I miss I miss all the the mix and match stuff you could put on in advance warfare. Oh It's always fun You keep on saying that way you keep on missing He has fire on what he's got actor go ahead There we go you can tell that's the unlucky part of the circle for whatever reason All right, I was gonna sort of swift or would defend me kill me dillios Kill him once I die Here you go nothing personal Nice or tech door back in that circle He's aiming at me that's cute Sorry your face application has been rejected next Why you guys try kill me so bad it's your luck they're trying to get someone gonna luck Yes, that's exactly how you get lucky to shoot a bald man. I just want to make you proud It's not maybe proud This one is for dillios I liked events warfare they're a lot of cool stuff Nothing was worse than ghosts It wasn't bad either, but it was definitely definitely field off out off. Yeah, I like predator and the Michael miners Yeah, some of the maps felt way too large for them replares there were I don't know I wasn't a big fan, but I it was okay. I Mean I can't really think of a Call of Duty game that I really didn't like The game go for it I don't like ghosts. I thought it was warfare was cool for infinite warfare It didn't yeah, it did not feel like a call of duty game felt like you know side fly shooter We're just fine. I didn't think it was a bad game campaign Well, that's an offend on the ending. Otherwise I was into it Fun fact I bought those and I loaded it in and it froze so I turned it back I had to wait for that part of that back was fun I All right, we'll vlog that's warfare sometimes soon. All right, Kio go for it Tell us an advanced though He just did I Got a download mine All right hang on and you can go back. We're let's everyone move in a bit in an effort to speed this up No one's gonna go to the center anymore. So make a smaller circle Yeah, there we go. No need to go to the center anymore. There we go. All right, so go ahead Hector. Yep, play more targets now Looks like he has amuses Nah, no you you could tell they have an instance. They'd slow down on the direction we're in Oh And it was All right, hang on hang on let me go on although do I not do I not get like Three fraud. Oh whatever. There's no free camp. Go ahead. Go ahead. Yes. Oh, there's no speaking I mix it. It's just first first and third That's warfare and some fun maps Oh, okay, I was out. I realize the people next to me are down Oh Stop killing the people I'm spectating. This is making this very uncomfortable for me continue All got these like yeah You said you don't know that make dogs I don't know anymore. It's a great stuff. I mean all all the quality studios are been doing like an awesome job I I just they went and remember like a oh Like no, there's been no quality that's ever been released. It was like a sloppy piece of junk It's always been very polished very quality of people sometimes rising day within so many people don't you know thousands of hours Go into each call duty game All right Oh Gave us out all right gentlemen. This is how we're gonna play the end here All right, so all three guys gonna spin And like the word just gonna keep on firing until we hold on let me reload. Yes, you're gonna reload reload now Don't Don't expect a beast Infinite warfare did some cool stuff. Oh, I only have three shots. I like the operator designs You'll have three shots. I'm good. Yeah, you only have three shots. Oh, wait. He just picked up a guard. He's dead You guys are all good great everyone spin Why don't give the word just keep on firing and spinning to keep on going ready set go Oh Give it go. Give it go. I didn't see Someone stopped spinning after the die. Why would you stop? Can you ride sector? No, bro, guys, let's spin till you win I didn't say that exactly that's when I meant Talks about it all right Can gradual oh hector got it actor congratulations on your victory. Let's your shout out man I shout out Jeff VH for saving me earlier Jeff, that's a quality shadow right there shout out the Jeff VH for sure. I agree with that Jeff All right your game guys. That was fun. Nice hop it into black ops 3 for a dip wall. Yeah, thanks for cooperating dude It's good game. Hey guys. Thanks for watching the video So got two options for you over here. So over here. This is what YouTube thinks you'd want to watch next and I picked this one I picked the one you think is more interesting. I'm curious to see what the stats are See you guys next video