 Yeah, what's up everyone welcome to shotgun or let we got a lobby full of people who I'm telling the spin non stop All right, you guys can stop now so you don't throw up all over yourselves. There you go cool. Thank you for that dude So the spot you're in now is this fight gonna Stay in bro. Yeah, we take my spot. Come on man. What? Thank you. All right cool. Let's figure out losing a plate who's gonna spin first. We're gonna roll spin around and a Close my eyes me. Oh no Who's this? What's your name? Who? Basic, all right, so it's just on on disc or whatever. All right, so bro So here's the way it's gonna work man. No, no, no, no You're gonna stay where you are To keep this very simple no one will be moving to the center You're simply gonna spin around at full speed and want at least three full spins before you pull that trigger at random You can begin whenever you like which is now you want to be thinking now No Like the bullets can be back. Sorry, man. All right If you guys want to say your name before you spin you can I have no idea if you work How are going? Going counterclockwise. I like to go as late as possible. It's your boy professional lawnmower Legendary name All right, so here's the deal I'm not gonna tell you specifically go next when that guy is done you can start spinning Do your intro to go for a bro You know that's what happens when you don't have a Don't have a perfect circle There's also shotguns wait all right next By the way all of you guys have 20 HP you do you One's getting deleted don't worry if this is fast game. We'll do a second round for the same video next Injuby Swift Rest in peace. All right, I won't stop for a second. It's very hard for me to be the kill feed with stop Please stop it's very hard to make read the kill feed with the current color settings These are color settings for hide and seek so let me adjust that real quick I silver was it said names? If you want don't have to I'm just saying if you want to know want people to know who you are There we go. Okay. That's a lot easier. All right continue, please Damn, I mean there's there's spread on a shotgun shot and you guys are very weak. I'm weak too next Eyes to team drink This is go straight on Rest in peace Next Feed you hit my leg dude guys who we don't will adjust the settings for next game. This is a slash go for my first kill Next That's all that was a male All right, you're up next man Oh, I'm honestly good actually. Thank goodness. It's just gonna kill me right here. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, watch my games Do you man I never ever I go absolute last you two will go next go ahead and then you oppress Wait my guest in this lobby striker Three spins next time next All right, everyone has gone except for me, but that's fine. All right We're going to stand the circle. We're gonna spread out a little bit. So so space up a bit No, no, no, no, no, no, just I just I don't want to giant gap Lay out look to your left and right and if there's space, you know, I want to live in an even amount of space between you and the person A few people next to you as even as possible. It'll help defend against collateral Yes, yes, someone if you want the middle. Yes, there would be less collateral, but also be very messy. All right Go for messy continue Rest the piece goes next Oh Wow, what the hell When they shoot the feet Not back Pink shoddy Oh Okay, I finally get to go. I like doing this eyes close apart of me. Oh, I got these leg I got these you know flippers or whatever they are in the back the paddles in the back of the trailer hang on All right, I guess Sorry guys I Like it Oh I'm sure no one else around your minds next show you you know, a pink shot what's up, bro? How come you still can get a wake up man Oh I could take plenty of it's a sturdy car Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait I'm watching my kill cam bitch all right Actually my school and it's kind of terrifying. All right guys. You guys can continue now Recam Cop cars you have to go through a lot of training before they're actually allowed out Pink out pink dude, okay, I'm tired waiting this guy. I'm waiting for the item a madam fire Next Okay, all right, all right, all right good job. We have seven players left. Please make a circle Here we go. All right, I feel single. This is gonna be interesting guys. That's an oval by the way I'm gonna kill like all these these Geometric critiques where you guys going? Okay, okay, I agree it's kind of a terrible circle. Can we fix this guess? This is a lot easier in third person for sure Here I'm like ghost you are I don't wait for these man, but you're always like five feet away from everyone just goes move up a step Good all right great now wait, let me just It's better, but it's not perfect. Don't worry about it. We're not seeking perfection. We're seeking Content all right continue, please Wait, wait, wait, wait, what? Bro ghost why'd you go? What's it? Oh Guys he mistakenly uses shotgun shells. Please return them to him Hopefully wait there's no reverse damage on that happened All right, all right, I'll continue Rest in peace Yeah, keep it going Wait, wait, wait, there's only three people left. I wanted to say if we want to have three person in the game or two person I like the three person one. It's pretty fun And then you guys know how to work so all of y'all reload your shoddies You're good great This work is that you're going to spin nonstop when I give the word you will fire nonstop last player alive will win Spin fire There Ghost recon No Oh, strike Thank goodness for the kill can't it play it the kill cam area strike and congratulations GG We are going to do another one with with with revolvers right now GG