 Swift! Yo, what's up everyone? We're doing, uh, wow. Team Shotgun Relight. Now, this one's a little bit different in that there's reflected damage, meaning if you shoot your teammate by mistake, you're dead, not your teammate. So we'll do version of the future where you're if you kill your teammate, you know, you probably get like a quad kill or something like that, but not this time. So players can take turns inside, they'll spin around, they'll fire a shot. Well I'm on this team over here, but for the sake of making it, you know, a watchable video, I'm just gonna kind of be sitting over here. I may die soon than later. But let's go ahead and begin. Alright, brighten your first dude. Spin around, fire one shot. Nothing. Alright, stop. Your turn dude. Alright, next. No jumping, no dodge and boys, you're in your spot. AJ. Oh, first kill the other team. Good job AJ. Alright, next up dark side. Good job. I mean, I feel like if you don't have anything, you're fine. AJ, go ahead. I think you're really trying it. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Oh, sorry, that minato, minato. Alright, next up, Kerk. Oh. Yeah, man. I'm just gonna say being a cameraman in the war zone is tough. Alright. You killed an airy. No, this is better. Alright, can I see that in my names? Yes, there we go. Alright, next up, it's chill monkey. Alright, next up, Marcus Fleming who's been painted green. I thought it'd be really cool to be in green. Agent go forward, man. No, Jen bear. That was one shot. Oh, chaos out. I don't know, man. Let's write a letter to Activision. Alright, gender call it. You're up next. Alright, the narrow. Beck. Next. Do you want me to call your name? There we go. Blocko. Shifty. Oh, and that was our first example of reflective damage. Do you have a tack either Beck or Fupa there? Damage reflected off them back onto him. Join the spectator club. Alright, next up, I think it's Jimmy. Oh, my God. Oh, well, alright, next up Fupa. Alright, and crop raider. Hang on, buddy boy. You looking down your sights. Oh, wow. What a shot. Alright. Alright, well done for the first round. Everyone moving. No, no, no, no, sorry, sorry. Not towards the center, like towards each other. Fill in the gaps. I apologize. Bad terminology. Fill in the gaps. There we go. You guys just will be a bit spaced out, but no one should be like 5,000 miles away from everyone else. Fupa, you'll need to move in a bit. Alright, I want, you know, I want the possibility of getting that team kill, that team damage to be there. Alright, let's see here. I'm bringing a move a bit into your right, man. Not too much. There we go. That's good. Alright, this time we're going to go reverse order. Alright, team with the least players, go as first. Fupa, go again. Alright, then crop raider. Go again. Don't worry, don't worry. The math in these games never fails. Well, the teams will even out. Go for it. Alright. Next. Next. Hey, Jake. What's minato? Oh, I didn't see him. Oh, there we go. Carrick's out. There we go. Take that murderer. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What's that two people on that side? Wait, hang on. Do you go twice? Was it a stop-turn? Oh, yeah. What do we do? We're not talking about stocks and bonds here. Stop, go for it. Your turn. Alright, that's a reset for team. Next on the other side. Was it a dark side? You have next. Have you gone yet, Marcus? I have gone yet. Alright, dark side, you've went? Yes, sir, I've already went. Alright, so it's, yeah, go for it, Brynn. Alright, food put back to you. Alright. Crap. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. He hit the wall. He hit the wall. He hit the wall. Nope. The game says he hit his teammates. Denaro. Hey, Jake. Oh, no. That was way too slow. That was slow, yeah. Don't look down your sights. Stop. There. Marcus out. Alright, food put, food put, food put, food put, you're up. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, buddy. Pay attention, man. Alright, next up dark side goes and then. Yeah. And then also, uh, Brynn. Yeah, my bad. Alright, now, now AJ can go. Yeah. Alright, back to, uh, corrupt. Stop. Alright, let's see. Now it's, uh, yeah, there we go. Pupa. Oh, good shot. One, two, one. Yeah, that was legit. That was legit. Kill me, literally. Hey, Jake. Oh, what a shot. What a shot. Alright, Brynn. You're stop. You paying attention, bro. I don't want to do all the counted, man. Pay attention. Alright. Okay, back now to you. Well, hang on. Let's have everyone move in. Look at that. What I say, four before. Alright, guys, make sure you're light up against each other. Alright, great. Now, now it's the time for you guys. Well, alright, hang on. Um, corrupt your team. You just, you guys stay where you are. My team. Number one, light up with your opponents and also. Meet them like, you know, short in the distance by half. No, no, no, no, no, no. Only one team moves. Denar back up, bro. You guys are in the light. I want these guys to move out of the shadows. Come on. Fupa, ginger call, AJ. Move up, boys. There we go. Where Fupa is. Line up with him to your left. There we go. Alright, now that looks good. Great. Alright, where were we? Let's just do a full reset. We're going to reverse. Back to, uh, back to Brynn. Go for it. Stop. Nice, AJ. Oh, get shot. Brynn. Stop. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on. Don't know why I didn't know. Why did you shut it? Oh, it took a while. Oh, it took a while. You'd denar what's up with that man how can you like you like she you gun what what guys hang on Hang on means wait. I need to investigate the shot. I was out of order It was supposed to go braiding but then denaro shut so and then stop just shot You know you take some shame all right All right, stop took a shot. That's fun. Didn't call you take a shot then we can have Yeah, okay, yeah All right now Jembeer you didn't go yet right Jembeer go ahead All right now Pupa go ahead Now we skip denaro corrupt go ahead Hang on hang on man, that's the second time. Don't even think about fire again, bro You don't get a bonus you don't get bonus for screwing up Last warning corrupt no way to yessing row ham okay All right, let's reset once again Fupa you're gonna go first then then corrupt so keep track guys all right corrupt Ginger Denaro Stop Gen bear Fupa Braden Ginger oh Nice nice all right corrupt Stop That's like half a turn man needs some more spins Fupa Braden Ginger call Corrupt Stop Cool dance moves bro Braden Corrupt stop All right, Jembeen that's enough everyone moving a little closer to your teammates Line up with the funny too Yeah, there we go all right Looks good all right both teams take two steps towards the other team Great ginger call it stop move a little closer All right stop stop all right, let's see your and corrupt moving a little bit more Great all right it's time for a bonus round. Oh, no, it's gonna be a dangerous bonus round You guys gonna fire three shots oh As fast or as slow as you'd like be everyone needs to do three shots not as slow as you'd like I'll tell you don't your time is expired, but you must fire three shots. So first everyone starts spinning Full speed boys full speed fire three shots We lost We mean to get the full pull the trigger didn't you kill yourself you pull the trigger at least once Me no I died to a gen. Oh gen kill you all right All right, who can go back to your spot man all right So many of you guys to keep keep track of like you know Who's turning this a shoot I'll do my best, but you know I can get go pretty fast. So we're getting with stop We stop braiding Fupa jembeer corrupt stop you get it Oh Corrup oh All right that makes things easier all right next up. I think it's fupa He killed himself, so it's your turn fupa I said should I move in or should I just take my turn stay yours? No, I'll let you know we need to move man. Take your shot Right in your turn Whoa Jen first All right, wait Yeah, all right boys, I'd like you on top of that truck over there to make this stylish No, no, no, no, that's like the the other one the land Rover or whatever it is Let's get on the top This stop And let's make it even a little bit more spicy. I'd like braiding and stop the switch places There we go all right now How shall we do this? I Think we're not some real fun here no more role play let's not talk about that all right, so I think I think I Looked the idea of the non-stop shot so number one everyone reload your your shotty Great all right When I give the word everyone's gonna keep on spinning and I keep on I want to give you the word you'll keep on firing so first spin And now you're reloading your gun. She's Louise all right Keep on firing until I say stop Keep on going Stop stop stop stop stop stop stop Statistics always one in the end. It's it's fupa versus Jen bear hair. Wow. There's no more teammates to kill I mean get killed by Just you two now Congratulations fupa representing our team Gem bear representing your team is just two of you guys left Now the question is how do we finish it in this mode? Hmm rope Look look go get your fan fiction somewhere else man to save that episode for it all right fupa Jen bear Head towards the furnace room, please So Swift I gotta get over have a great nine man. I'll get each a minute. She All right, so Okay, I know what I want both you guys exit the doors you came from a close the doors I Like this going All right, it's simple There's no roleplay it's simple when I say go you must open the door and you must attack the other player. It's real simple Go Oh All right, good job Jen bear. Don't worry mind you everyone says to me is obviously at a ridiculous amount There's no aim assist so good game guys. That was fun. It's meant to make it kind of tense, you know bust in and I mean I was on him, but I guess the ground's gonna do me good, you know, yeah a little bit precision there But it's all good. That was great. Had a lot of fun even though I got shot immediately it'd be getting in the game But you know it's still great All right good game I guess Jen bear you get a shout since you're the last to live on your team what's your shot dude? I don't really care anybody else can get it doesn't care or forget it all right All right in that case Fupa runner up, I guess Shout out to Marcus for not jumping in front of his teammates there we go What a hero not trusting himself in part of the teammates to get them killed all right? If you want to join us for games like these and other stuff twitch.tv4 slash Swift or we'd love to see you there good games And I'll I'll see you next time good game guys Hey guys, thanks for watching the video so got two options for you over here So over here this is what YouTube thinks you'd want to watch next and I picked this one pick the one you think is more interesting. I'm curious to see what the stats are See you guys next video