 What is up everyone welcome to our annual Super Bowl prediction game all over here. We got team K.C for Kansas City and over we have team T.B. or Tampa Bay players will spin around one at a time everyone's been That's been one around one of the time now, but they will one at a time later on and fire random bullet last team standing will win guys Stop spinning so it's a 9v9 I'll be spectating from the sideline All right guys get ready to second here So All right Oh, let's see cool go first all right slap me. Let's go with you man. It's been around first Fire randling there we go mark you're up All right, and you guys get this sequence Oh All right, that's one down for team TV Keep on going guys Whoa careful there boys one at a time we already shot get skip next Oh Wow guys remove your silencers anyway, that's run one we lost one player in team Tampa Bay all right Have a round two stay where you are kick it off arc No jumping allowed no dodging You Keep it going Oh, wow codex now Tampa Bay loses another one next Oh there we go I rush relic down and see the final loses one Whoa Whoa get shot from marshmallow there Ted's out Make sure you're still spinning when you fly your shot if you get killed and you notice a funny business let the bald man know All right round two is done won both teams take one step forward All right, line yourselves up I'm a little bit back there you go. There it's making nice and neat all right good deal all right slap the kick it off with you go for it Ark Oh Oh Slender from teams Tampa Bay down next Oh What happened what the heck oh All right slap takes up BRCD All right, let's take a look here. We have a 4x4 4x5 All right guys get close together Wait 4x5 oh too close too close back up guys men lineup closer together with your team not not the other team all right door It's the any one's game All right guys are we're gonna give Let's see here raging we're gonna start with your side man we're reversing order so be raging Eden you guys get it So raging go for it man You're settings review them all right keep on going Oh That order correct that was a little weird I don't know what it was what all right Next round me a bonus round want everyone to spin reload Everyone spin Fire No fatalities, all right just meant to be all right back to original order Let's see your slap you're up man go for sorry lebs love it said lebs go for it Raging down next Labs you're up again you just reset the order Oh All right, yeah, you're you're up slime All right, it's wait wait wait wait guys. I mean now it's just count over here. It's 2v5 Someone will someone will always go from the other thing will always go after someone takes a shot from the other team So we're always going to leave which means you two on the Kansas City team will will be taking a lot of shots as long as you don't die Don't worry. We've seen come back out before they happen they happen all right All right, let's kick it off That's tragic Leave dream Slam will take a shot after every attempt from Tampa Bay There we go there we go There we go to the few more that their chance of hitting you are way lower than them Wait, you're a much more chance of hitting them. All right. You got more targets. Slime you're in the center You When else for a circle not too close. I want you guys like you know, I'm a little bit of I'm gonna spread you guys that a little bit so go ahead All right slime you're up go for it All right, we're gonna go we're gonna go clockwise from our so arch marshmallow Eden to arch up next Come come Marshmallow пог Make yourselves a little triangleUE continued There you go. Alright, there we go. I think even our arc was next, I forget. We can go eat it. Yeah. Oh, homeless. Whoops. Whoops. trying to I'm gonna just want to... Yeah. I apologize for so much of your spending so slow. I don't know why. Like... I'm gonna be some kind of sitting somewhere, sitting slower. I mean, I can send you a screenshot of my phone. That's fine, he gets one. I don't think you're purposely like... Modifying your settings. That like, it's helping. Might be a hit of wall, guys. I'm gonna pull this thing, man. Yeah. One more. Alright, guys, I'm just gonna move in a little bit. Oh, boy. I want the tips of your gun's touch and boys. Tuts to the floor. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, that's too close. Too close. Now there's another crossing screen. That's chill. Alright. Eat it. Eat it. What do you see on your screen, man? What are you doing? Eat it while you stay in the air, step back. You're not ADSing when you spin, are you? Yes or no? No. Alright. Okay, here we go. Close for proximity. Those are your spots. They'll move out of them. Slime you're up. Nope, nope, nope. Slimes turn. Payton, bro. There we go. Oh! It finally ended. Alright, Slime, candidacy. That was a good attempt. Alright, is this the class? Wow. Wow, man. There we go. Alright, guys. I mean, whether this will determine the actual outcome of the game, we'll find out. Good game, guys. Thank you for joining. GG, and you know what? No matter, you know, whatever team you're rooting for, I wish you luck. Hope you enjoyed it. See you. Good game, guys. Yo, guys. Thanks for watching another video. If you want some more, YouTube recommends this one. I recommended this one. And if you got a Twitter Instagram, do me a favor and drop me a follow. I'm just Swift or I'm both. Maybe sell low. What up? Check out the photos. A lot of baby photos. But, dudes, thanks as always for watching. And I'll see you guys next video. See you next time. Bye.