 Thanks for pressing like if you enjoyed the video. What is up you interbrose with playing some snapper alone and having players will spend one at a time firing a shot Until there's only two players remain play a mini game. Here's a list of players who do you think's gonna win this match pick one person off this list How far will they go? I'm on this list too Good luck to me. All right. All right guys, you can stop spinning. Thanks for your participation Let's begin the game. I'll kick it off You know what? Nah, I'm okay. Get off if I kill somebody. I feel bad you person to left to me. Jared go for it All right, keep on going. Yes By swing Bye Hey, Patriot. I'm looking through your eyes Make sure you hit duck go Oh, man Keep on going pay attention if you're in the game About me He curved the bullet somehow. Yes, she's laying this out Oh Rob is out Good spectate Patriot good spectate right here Which Patriot? Beta Patriot All right Duk and boss gamer out sorry boss gamers what duck dead Oh Johnny boys out smudger thank you for having nine months in a row Friends let's go That's just triple right there I don't also get to win this it from that angle I was hoping Oh Basin bobby around all right be swift and L idea 2016 he was a great well doesn't even great of a tanker type Effin chat to pay respect thank you journal lamp That potato bro. Oh, oh, man is out good shot. Why do you have to hit that clutter on you? Shadow fusion thanks to seven four months in a row Wow Jared is out my old neighbor Four players remain no players remain You know, what's what's up with beta? I am the best detail they've waved have a nice day everyone Oh birthday girl what happy birthday Hang on You more for have a great birthday All right stop stop Oh All right Drop this right here damn 34 months. Thank you. I'm pure dude. I'm pure I'll talk to you later something happened on Saturday all right Chris can and Vader all right man the This the curse of spectating has not haunted you dude. Maybe bring you a lock. Yes. All right gentlemen Let me explain the rules of this game in case you're not familiar Um, you're gonna shake hands then turn around to the back of back The hope you get tons of potatoes and even more cake and presents Oh turtle man spread the cheer hard today. Thank you turtle man. Yeah, happy birthday, Marfo All right, so guys when I give you the word you're gonna walk as slowly as the game will let you when I say fire you'll turn around You'll fire one shot only one shot You can't jump you can't move out of the way you can't strafe you literally are just using your right stick to turn around And fire one bullet you can aim if you'd like So guys Walk as slowly as possible starting now fire Oh, so place so place It's a close GG Replay actually I may not get a replay because my Oh Yeah, man, they were just like they were staying right next to you good game guys Yeah, it's really best for being fans. Appreciate you watching the video if you've got Snapchat add me Well, you name a Swift or I'll see you guys next time