 What's up, Unibros? Thank you for pressing like if you enjoy the video All right boys, here's our work. She's been around in the circle fire shot Maybe kill somebody and they spend maybe you die last last people a lot of play a mini game It is sniper or a lot the first player is gonna be This guy I'm zooming in I still can't see your name Joker dog yeah, there we go all right Joker give me a second. Where was I standing cuz next to you all right Go for man Joker spin around fire shot All right cool we'll go Opposite direction there we go or clock wise Couldn't go for it That is not that is not 20 cents if you fix that man all right, no don't go dude you were looking down your sights the little Gave sights all right grads you're up man All right you go for it come on boys don't wait for me Keep on going keep on going Red Hydro why do you want to kill me? You killed me knife in me oh So sweet Don't go next yeah All right, I'm so well keep on going raccoon You get to go once Thanks fighter Me neither swift Other back guys Oh close oh is it me Wait guys should we move the circle in a little bit? Crap Oh man, no this there's no no it's it's a right I left instructions leave it the door No nothing's there I left this thing up on the screen crap Oh Wow good shot Damn it I would have led a robot mistake crap Well nobody died Well Yeah, but he changed it when he got back oh rip is buddy all right yep Four players three players left Should the guy by the car move a little bit nah Yes fine Spawn army Thank you for subbing dude I salute you man oh there we go there we go stop stop stop stop stop stop stop All right there we go so yeah swifty and we have fired jump you guys have a duel Off the stone bridge guys other side of the map Don't pick up any perks double tap stopping power that shouldn't matter I guess It's really fine a single shot so it's stopping power and that does more damage Well you guys both have three percent else it's all right. I think it's fine. All right guys Meeting the center of the bridge Snapper rifles out here's how it works you guys are both gonna shake hands The master guys to turn around so you're back to back back to back folks Now Let me explain what's gonna happen don't do it yet. I'm gonna ask you to walk as slow As the game will let you and then when I yell fire you'll turn around me your aim He'll fire one shot you have one shot you can't dodge you can't jump you can't go into prone You turn around you aim and you take that shot you miss you wait to die Great it's gonna be a lot of fun. All right, so guys walk as slowly as the game will let you Fire Oh It was really close oh Man the muscle All right, we had to go guys good game Was there was there bets on that? I believe so oh my god. What was the multiplier? All right future game and just