 What is up everyone welcome to snap or let the hot days doing in the pool here. Let's forget who's gonna be snapping first All right Do a little spin here All right folks y'all when I should stop stop God damn it Logan aid will be going first and we'll go clockwise. It'll be part Crossfire Lexington so on you guys saying your current spot It's pretty cool sight so I'm just gonna go watch mirror where it's honestly safe. I'm probably still gonna die over here All right, I'm not you all right Logan aid spin and fire All right next up The orange keep it going Ross fire There you go. Oh, shit. I feel my god. It was a family channel bro All right, thanks Oh, and dead yeah All right, so video of some special rules now Everyone in this game has two lives if you die in the first round or you get to come back into the game in a second around They're gonna chill by those chairs right there If you still have your second life after round two there's another rule. We'll get to that later on. Let's continue Oh Dork you rest in peace Remember no looking down sights Can you hear me? I don't know if I can I can next Is that you okay? It's gonna be a lot easier. I think you guys are trying to hit the person in front of you And the reaction times in the bolt behind you well somebody's about to die right now I'm sure you guys Don't kill me In keeper you've already fired a shot so you're gonna be part of a special rule next Oh Next You more No, you arrested peace next my goodness. Oh, it was all right. Yeah, who's this? Found it. Oh, yeah, bad. I go for it Oh I want the fear to straight line is not not a circle all right Congratulations on folks who survived around one folks who just died my absolute shoulder We're gonna organize you guys real quick for round two Hey, come on now a little bit closer a little bit closer. Yeah Now there you don't be shy. Don't be shy. Oh a little bit closer. All right step one. All right, and I'd like you to float to the right Here we go all right Crosche feeding it the fire is single bullet this game. I think it's like to you guys Great all right dorky and Dalton please come between Logan aid and or band it over here you guys would be going first The rest of you guys you don't get the fire gun for a while and that's assuming you survived So the four of you like guys to go into the center of the circle just float there You know give them where the shots are going the center actually may be safer than anywhere else There are see guys was children center. Don't look at that All right cool All right dorky for you. I All right, you go in first Dalton go for it. Oh, don't I'm just don't kill dorky, please There we go Don't be ducking my guys all you you know no diving otherwise gonna dive permanently all right keep on going Wow You got Put the suppressor Logan aid for us Logan you'll go to the center. Yeah, if you die and come back at this point just go to the center of the circle 500 ends enough sir. Thank you. You almost killed me. I Saw that local I'm gonna get a second trial. Let's go baby It would be really funny if you got shot right after saying that this time somebody Happy Behind me why you hide behind me That's sound like it's close Oh my gosh I'm a Leo I'm a Leo go on the center died yet Malibu I symbol He stashes out next Called that man showed All next and I go in the garden to the guys in the center if you think getting behind another player is gonna save you Everyone in this game is 20 health bro. You are dead of a bullet comes towards you. Stop coming around. All right. Let's continue. Harpy come on over And I'll be sure I go to the center Oh Literally that is crazy. All right, Mike. I'm after the change rules for this game He did the person who had you was in the That was It would stalk you doing over there. I thought he was over here Oh We even going Oh Damn it bro, I should have moved I was trying to figure out I was trying to figure out where the line was What It's so weird is like the players on the side are dying more than the big I don't know next Oh I'm with you on that one right there actually I'm gonna be at the rest of peace Oh Oh shit Here we go Cold and you can't swim in real life and can't Oh I got it. I have to be so when is the round ending based on what based on people being dead That was right next to the center turkey I don't know what you do. Don't be shy. Phantom to the center. Yeah, come on in The water's nice Oh Took out my but oh I'm dead here Please wait it's time for a bonus round everyone on the outside is gonna spin Oh Please reload you be firing three shots Okay All right first outside begin spinning When I say go you're gonna fire three shots as fast as you can pretty set go Oh my god No The God All right you five will five in the center all right. I believe Bart you're up next No You got Bart you need to put down the most be mad. I'm gonna say huh Do the outside of the circle or something we're good men What You see we're going I don't say this first rodeo. Yeah, good boy That's just I got feeling barbed-out to kill me Yeah Oh, I'm good. I'm good I'm far down here Welcome to the center You must know the rules the plans Oh, there you go. Happens out when people stop dying that's when we we change the rules change things up right now people are still Inspiring as you can see so to me that's content We're gonna keep it going Keep it going Keep it going Like a short Okay, I go to the center of the circle Yep, you have an extra life you go to the center Yes, you've been Oh, no way So when will people to center get to come back into the game There are only two players left on the outside circle How's it made? Yeah, I'll write only four if you guys That bullet stopped in front of me I was the sledgehammer balance I got with that I don't know it's not I was thinking it's in the middle All right, let's all stop and go on Change Change locales all right, I like everyone in the center This guy with me This man right right here I don't like going through four Go a little bit more to your to your north folks I'm in danger I'm in danger I'm going through four right here There you go, just a few teeth you have Over here, over here, beast, orange bandit You guys can make out later just right there There you go, thank you I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I'm sorry, I'll write this down I'm sorry, I'll write this down I like you guys to make a square here basically one here One here One here and one here That's good, it's gonna get I think so Well Make sure you're up top level crossfire Take a step up man There we go Not now, ma All right, let's continue Bar, go for it Playing with Swiftarm on Oh, that's a bar try Hang on, stop for a second, crossfire, Bart, do either of you guys have a kill? I have one Okay, okay All right, continue Yep, you're up in data Oh, you guys Even in the center Even in the center, you join the game as a normal player Fire shots as long as you survive Longer, you know, until one of these three die All right, Bart, continue Wait Oh, Bart, please make your stand, thank you Bart, bye No, no, I must be, I must be kidding I'm gonna be kidding, I'm gonna be kidding Close your eyes, band I do, I do Can I be open them Yeah, I'm not open them I don't know if I shouldn't have said that, I'm dead Oh, oh Oh, oh Oh, no way, I'm not even by you I'm just kidding, I'm just kidding I'm just kidding Oh, really? Oh, yeah I am noticing, this is a I love how we just forward the person Yeah, I'm just like a skill-assure Yeah, I'm just having a performance issue Yeah, when Dad has eight kills, I don't know if it's Yeah, it's just a performance issue A performance issue is Someone killed fun, they make something for that They're not gonna kill fun They are killed All three of you guys, moving a little bit closer No No The tip of your snap rifle should be touching a player There we go All right, let's begin Slower me, sorry, loud and wrong Oh, no, this is going well My pipe is done, three Oh, my gosh, problem is There's no way There's potential for like a six-line plot here You like a 50% chance, how does this happen? No, I'm a mind It's a skill issue, it's a miss It's gonna get through Oh, there's one Oh, no one in that I'm dead No Now you're dead, no one in that Now I'm dead Oh, how The beast is dead Oh, my gosh Yes All the players who's five to set will stop All players who's five in the center Get to rejoin the game as a normal player That doesn't mean that the player is dead And bark do have one extra life I'll figure that part out a little bit later All right, cool And let's see, crossfire Am I muted? I guess crossfire also gets to be part of the game again too All right, great! All right, the actual life is going to be... I got a question for someone Who is this someone? Um... And she... hang on, one more question Are you sure this question is worth Saying while I'm recording a booking video Is it...is now the right time I asked this question? Probably not Because of its weather, Wendy's is open at 11 o'clock, man You have to check your local listings I don't know that, no one in this lobby knows that, I think Unless it's related to this game, man I'm going to ask you, please keep your question Till after the recording Thank you, all right guys Everyone follow me Oh, I like to go out Ah, I had a question before the game started Okay, I like to start it a minute ago Can I ask it? Sir, please, everything I just said Think about it Thank you, all right folks, circle over here Are you going to come to...here's some Oh, here we go, right here We can talk after the game, man If it's not related... It's not related to this particular match, don't worry about it All right Oh my god, who mic is that? Mic is popping If your name is Camp, believe you, please meet your microphone Oh, that was mine, my bet What, hello there All right, great, let's decide who's going first this time D-me-me-top Shit Alright, Rex Wait up Alright, Rex, kick it off, man I'm dead I'm dead We're going to go counterclockwise this time, so... God, damn it Why did it roll? It's a blast to go Come on, I'm picked That's not mine You can have to pay for it No Shit, there was Shit, there was sniper relay If you shoot a window You go to the center If you break property I would have been dead long ago, man I want to go out No Just a little spin, but Rex, Rex, next Oh, man, that's a nice I'm going to kill sister here, okay, well You can Oh, shit, I'm sorry, I haven't... I haven't... I haven't... I was close to switched Oh, that felt... Man, this is scary I'm going to mic up to 10... Why are you looking at me, crossfire? Yeah, I'm looking at you I saw you Nah, crossfire, you outta here, but I'm getting you right here Right here I'm stuck, I'm stuck I was looking at the blue guy So the mic is 20 cordil I guess Hey, Swiftie, someone running around By the way, yeah, it's me, I got a second life I'm not sure exactly like Like, what, back in the circle or what Yeah, so we go back in the circle Come to Wifer, or jump into shoot Wait, last one you're going to have to be safer I can't hear you, half way He left the game and rejoined Oh, you left the game and rejoined I thought you meant like the ones who survived in the center can go If you die twice, that is the guy Don't be deadly Continue But, of course, what? Oh, that was hard That was too good Who was it ready? Oh, really ready He missed something I don't think you're being ready for the bullet in your skulls, can help Yeah, okay All right, I'm going to be gentle Be gentle, be gentle Close, spin, close, spin You would never would you Yeah, I might Wow This is a mark time Okay, close my eyes, man, I don't know That was so close That was close to me I'm standing up In a few times before you fire, crimson You're up Spin faster It's okay, I'm sure it happens to a lot of guys That's it Hey, you 30 glasses I'm going Damn, oh Oh, my god I'm not as fast, I'd like that spin to be, but I'm going to try this, try this and this, I'm going to spin the open line It's the, you're trying to look too hard, man It's hard to think this is personal I think you think I'm going to be ready All right, I'm going to be ready I'm going to be ready I'm going to be ready Only one player has an extra life now, it's been dead Oh, I thought that was good I was going to be dead Oh, my god Oh, my god Oh, my god Rest in peace I wasn't getting involved with a minigame if I lasted long enough, but I guess not Oh, I'm going to second life this right I'm going to be dead There you go You guys did a lot of good Wait up, wait up I forgot How could you guys Just try to go to the center Ha ha ha All right, that's funny Continue Oh Please stop, everyone's moving All right, all right, boy, that's touch tips All right, next step, beat your goddamn cat All right, next All right, there you go, all right, Bart, continue Thank you Oh, thank you, thank you, any kills, any kills or kills Babe, oh Sorry, was it your cat Yeah, it's your cat Oh, okay She's in the heat, she's in the mean Oh, yeah, she's in the mean Oh, pick someone Damn That full charge barrel is going to come back to bite him Oh, Chris Walth was out There we go Stop it Damn, don't do it Go close Oh, damn it Oh That's close to the time That was close to both of you Go the other way Any time, it's lower, it's higher It's higher Down to three All right But then I continue She would never have played That's what I thought Okay Okay Oh, what's the legs I'm not that sure Okay, and that is the only person this game was not been shot once About And he's got nine kills Oh, he's got ten kills Spanded in the best translation You guys are ready for the The mini game finale, please, please follow me Why is number of kills between us both? No Hi Bandit, you got a collect shot We're two like, we've won live here Ten kills from a banditus and from bandit And I'm never touching this We're going back to the water gentlemen Oh, god Water is for Please have a seat on a stool next to me Left in my right, please That's not the I got a I got a That's right You're up, please just stand Banditus, we've killed Banditus Banditus has two lives, you have one That's just the way the game is So I'm going to be spitting and firing And Yeah, good luck You're aimed a little high, swifter Don't tell him about it Hi You need to turn around and then shoot me I'm hate Oh I'm close You're high Troy, I mean, I'm a wife Yes, I am That's what I'm going to say Yep, I got you Red gun is going to win Red gun is going to win Red gun is going to win They playing the shot by him You're not going to I bullet I'm made for the slightest of life I'm fine I'm going to see if they pick a bargain You know what? I'm feeling lonely Guys hop on the stop on the counter over here Then next to me Oh no, I got swifter here There we go That's for end of the beer All right, here we go Good luck Take whiskey on the rocks That's it That's what you did I got a Audi ugly Y'all buy a shake so it's some money All right I told myself I killed vendetta I'd be out of the minigame So, vendetta come on over It's gonna be and it's for vendetta Yeah That was funny I'm gonna get shot All right both of you guys please follow me I want this continue where it started You next to each other Oh, I hear you there Make sure you're reloaded What a pretty face you have All right first step Both of you guys spin non stop I'm gonna get shot I'm gonna get shot I'm gonna get shot All right both of you guys please follow me Now Fire Oh, that was a real lock Now should I have thought There we go All right, vendetta congratulations man top Off with 11 kills O yeah, that's awesome Oh man, guy his hat's gone Second flag All right man, let's hear what's your shout out Little awkward look at your face though But yeah, go ahead Shout out to use the way for doing all these minigames I'm gonna push.tv slash vindet airs. Very good mod, please set that up with a shout out. All right, GG. Yeah. Oh, no. Great game, guys. If you're watching this, and you want to join our games, top onto our discord. Anyone's welcome to try and join. Discord. That's the GG for Chlash Swipper. Looking forward to seeing you there. Yeah. Also, provide a change of sensitivities before you think about it.