 What's up, Unibros? Thank you for pressing the like if you enjoy the video. What is up, Unibros? I'm playing some snapper or what? In Monwife every mouse or everyone here has picked up a snapper rifle from the barn area You were playing an old-school mode so we can't we can't spawn them with our own classes And so the reason I wanted to play an old-school mode was Well, go find out so let's begin and The first person to go will be Here we go Dr. Crazy. All right, Dr. Crazy hang tight memmon again to my spot my very vulnerable spot over here I've got the highest elevated spot of the group I believe All right, Dr. Crazy what's gonna go on is you're gonna spin around in the circle and fire one shot a single shot at random Dr. Crazy, are you ready? Got no microphone fine go for it dude All right squirrel your next gonna go. Oh did you what wow got somebody didn't even notice that Reese's dead all right go for a man continue Spark Oh Oh, you're very happy with that all right spark watch out man. It goes both ways captain cool aid next Keep on going Oh God this is a easy three Jug yep, I think you're up jug Whoo The crew you're up I'm sure there's a flatter piece of space in this map. I do like the lighting over here Keep on going guys cool aid. Oh, oh, and that's why we're on old school You know Juggan it's your turn man Juggan there we go baby keep focus keep focused here we go Nothing Whoo not too far from me Oh And we lost amp all right next There you go, Jug you're on top of all frequency is out rip all right after I go we're gonna move in Nothing all right guys let's move in over here. It's making nice Nice compact more efficient circle New and improved upgraded now more circular than ever All right guys all feeling good about your spots. Of course you are all right Oh my bad yeah recruit you're up man oh Flying cool aid that was beautiful and also sad all right spark you're up next Foxy Got quite a lobby here today guys. Oh no reactions guys all right juggan. Yeah, I killed someone Yeah, we go very genuine genuine reaction right there salty that I died first All right keep on going Oh flying rip no pads next really Sorry no pads I have my kill this look a single person Someone got died though It won't be me You know whenever someone's spinning next to me I just like stop breathing So everyone set the 20 sensitivity and one has their Amosist turned off there's two Amosists Slow in Amosist slow down Amosist I think I don't know some other one Whatever it was Keep on going Oh juggling is dead uh rip jug Foxy I missed that ride doll though sadly that's one plus side to me being dead Like I get to I get to spectate all the good stuff All the fun animations in old school. I get the rag doll to the extreme Oh Man recruit us out I just wonder how a game like this would go if he had like it's like a lobby If everyone like having like you know near pommage skills like whatever. Just get a kill like no matter what like every turn probably right All right Foxy you're up So I threw this left Oh spark It is it is come come with me to the bridge man Actually Hang I couldn't hear you over like the guy making pizza in the background Loan that open up can I turn my off? What are we doing? We're just gonna Are we gonna follow the rules Follow the rules Foxy that's right follow the rules all right So you can keep your sensitivity knowing settings exactly the same okay, we're gonna meet uh right here in the middle All right, so it's gonna work is I'm gonna pick one person and voice chat. They're gonna tell us to shake our hands Then we're gonna turn around so we're back to back Then we're gonna walk as slowly as possible and when they yell fire we're both gonna turn around and fire a single shot And if and if you miss your just wait you just wait Okay, so So maybe you have to you can't jump you can't dodge you can't like go to prone you turn around You aim and you fire one bullet one bullet that's it skills Yeah, I guess so so Who's gonna be my announcer for this one? I'll do it. Go for it. Oh man, who me the guy said who said I'll do it. Okay. All right Um, both you shake hands Some good handshaking right there bro. All right now turn back to back Now walk as slowly as the game will let you Oh Here No Oh, thank goodness man, I I saw you turn around like Wow, we both failed man. We both kind of suck All right, let's do this one more time. That was good analysis very you know how to build that tension Well, oh back up a little bit man back up a little bit All right, you walked pretty far bro for someone walking as slow as possible All right one more time. All right both shake hands again. Shake Shaking it all right We're back to back Sensitivity again walk is slowly as the game will let you Fire Well, it's fast. That's fast. Oh, oh, oh, oh Unless you child Either you're really nice or somehow you're worse than me. All right, where'd you go dr. Crazy Oh, I was at the cell phone used to call my girlfriend Oh, no scope that No scope no no no scope. You could aim Is that what happened your name? Oh, that yeah, I know scope. All right. I thought I said you know turn around to Aim and fire, but you know, it's all good men. All right way to go G. G. Dr. Crazy and uh, what hang in who's what's the name of the person who was announcing Me frequency frequency. Oh, of course of course. I mean sometimes I get frequencies guts, but he did a great job there Way to go frequency. Yeah, I know I could No deadline for you. All right Good game. Oh, let's look at the look of the bets, especially since I won right Um, I had the lowest multiplier. Is this true? Wow What is this true hang on guys hang on I am in disbelief right here hang on This is this seems ridiculous to me So you're saying barely I only have three thousand swift bucks on me Wow Wow and whoever bet on me got 467 point 19 times back their bet someone is rich right now Let's find out who that rich person is Good on the list go wait apparently wait on the list Wow, I found them. I found the first one Is there really no one else? I guess I got a few over here. Check this out Oh Gravel axe Rascal and Glenn each bet one thousand on me and got half a mill out of it basically There was someone else who bet like less who is it uh, oh yeah boss rob bet like 300 Asus bade's bet 140 get 65,000 back And you got a can't see it down there, but Shane Shane all junior um Oh shanne haul maybe shanne haul junior bet 10 swift bucks and get 4,671 back Ah I don't win often, but when I do it feels good. Yes good game dudes