 Make sure you tap the bell so you never miss a video. It's right next to the sub button. Thanks guys What is up, you know bros welcome to a game of snapper a lot. We're on the Brooklyn nor are any pronounced nor again like nor No, no are no are nor are no are no are no are no are no are like there's no are in like Cat like there's no are in cat What No are all right broken nor Whatever anyway, I was born in Brooklyn why is it some weird pronounce name in here make this sad but Galing looks good. We have a nice view of like future Manhattan. I don't see I don't see the the freedom tower anywhere I don't think that's it. It doesn't look like it anyway. We are hundreds of years in the future And we're in some parking lot in in Brooklyn looking at CD is ever That diner over there All right, anyway, we'll each be spinning around in the circle one at a time Last two players alive will will do a duel so guys snapper rifles out You know what I didn't do everyone makes you can spin around in the fast beat spin around for me guys Spin around guys. There we go full speed. Don't look down those sites. Everyone's looking good great All right, let me just let me choose is gonna go first Close my eyes and stop now cabbie you'll be going first there again. Oh, it's a fire Fire station I'm cool in a collapse I don't think so man. Anyway, we're gonna go the furthest direction. Yeah, we're gonna go counterclockwise. Cabal kick it off. All right No big sims good good good. All right, we're cool and you're up next man All right, next up we got a that's fudge Fudge get about it. All right next up. It's a neo All right next up. It's who's that over there sweet sweet you're up mad go for it Next we got who's wait wait hang on bro. What's your name? The gamer the game the game all right the game go for a man No I didn't even get to play It's not cool man. All right guys. I want to stop we need to we need to restart the game I think the fire my gun not cool call solely regged oh Hey, oh, that's cool. I get to that's right. There's free I forgot there was a free free spectating. That's good. All right Anyway, I've got a better view now that I'm dead all right, so so who's next I want to hear some names Reaper go for it Yeah, take that concrete auto you're up man What have been me Next Next Oh my god, you back you back to Caval Who died yeah game take that bro. Let's forget for shooting me. I got you sir Yeah, Caval's got my back. All right continue on Yeah, you almost 10,000 swift bucks to the man who fires on that manhole mistakenly Oh All right, wait wait wait wait wait wait It's time for a bonus round all right everyone spin around in a circle and when I give the word fire a single bullet Hang on I want to get a good view on this Keep on spinning if you feel like you're about to throw up just look away from your screen It's a little hard to see like a route. Oh, yeah, I can I can I can zoom out pretty far I'm liking this. Oh, oh wow look look at Brooklyn. Oh wait. Oh, it's kind of weird bonus round I want to have far into the sea I can go maybe I can find my old apartment Anyway, oh yeah, we were playing a game coming back in boys. Come back in I'm coming from heaven or from hell Wherever I'm coming from Fire That would cool, but no one died. All right. What what abs bros what abs? It's all good, you know Anyway, Caval go ahead Next On the gaffy people Yeah, yes, yes, we are kidding you next oh Call in the next death my turn Oh Oh Keep on going boys why if no one does Caval will stop at you all right No murder come on Allow me please All right, we're really increasing number of shots. Well, how many let me shots they have left me that sniper rifle Oh Anyone so that's you on increase shots to two Let us continue to shots from everybody one after the other All right Oh They're like on both sides. Oh my god Keep on going Man, these shots going like these weird directions I Set my vertical sensitivity to one to make sure it doesn't go off too far All right, let's stop stop You know we're all friends here, right why are we so far apart? Let's let's move in guys We're friends we're friends friends don't stay so far They come in closer there we go there we go we're going back to one shot by the way I Know you're best, you know looks looks pretty alright to me all right All right, let's let's continue one shot Next Oh who died who died Russell man Russell man right next to me all right next Get all spinning let's go All right stop for a sec. Whoa Lombra. I want you to my camera angle All right, let's see your two was dead over here. That looks pretty good. Yep continue Oh Almost again, all right fantastic Oh Who died Rick Raccoon is out Raccoon is out. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, you stay right where you are I see you just gonna my life as me I can't kill you next person go Oh Murder fudges out You kill me oh I'm gonna That's happened before game close oh Skip the beat alright All right All right hang on hang on hang on whoa Bro, all right keep your order, but make that circle a little smaller, but come on out a little bit closer towards brighter to your Closer to the booth Yeah, there we go too many bodies over there. It's pretty dark. It's brighter over here easier to see This is good. All right great. Let's continue all right Oh wait Oh You should fire your fire gun You didn't bro Did anyone here that good anyone here see that bullet go off you get a free shot go again. Yeah There you go Extra Yeah Oh Oh, let me lose we lost JP rip continue Next to your life means nothing to me. Oh There goes Who just died Reaper Reaper You Reaper show to sick. Oh, sorry toxic But kicker with the cheer thank you very much. Oh Thank you All right, wait wait wait wait wait wait I need to save for this we got three players up We have Cabal sweet and toxic toxic jump Caval jump sweet jump I Need all three of you guys on top of that booth Grab a corner grab a corner. Oh God. I like this idea. It's good. It's good. No, no get get in the corner Actually sweet get in the middle of that side no no other so yeah right. Yeah, there we go get now now it's even Perfect, I like it. I like it. I like it. There we go All right, I guess I Like all three of you to keep on spinning There we go and here's how this is gonna work. We may have seen it done before But you're gonna when I give the word you can keep on firing until one person dies once a person dies you stop Begin all right stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop Wow, that was unfortunate all right, so Sweet and toxic you guys You guys made it you did it Takes a lot to survive in Brooklyn. I've gotten a rob twice in Brooklyn. It wasn't nice attempted robbers Anyway, I actually know that's more than twice what am I talking about three times? Yeah, three times anyway You guys survived, but they're gonna be one One king in New York I'll get a add-on with their guys look at the look to your look the other side the building the the projection Look at the check the surgery center Relaxation surgery center. What what can it wait relaxation and surgery get your modulation today? Word chick flage junior Seriously, thank you for the cheer guys it really means a lot. Thank you It's a good There you go. There you go surgery for everybody. All right, so guys Let's see what we can do here. I'd like you guys to try some in form without dying try see we could like stand on The the gate the fence to towards Manhattan No, no, no Right next to the booth right yeah right there stand see we can stand on that stand on that fence. Yeah, can you stand on that without the timer going off? No, it goes off it goes off. Yeah All right, they can stay off that's fine. That's cool boys All these bodies over here. You try to find a spot. Yeah, um, let's see here. How about you head? Toward a telephone booth to a still long the side of the map telephone booth You see it with the public Wi-Fi 12G internet goes like 50 gigs a second or something Here we go that direction you want to keep on going further down All right, we're gonna go further. Yeah, this is the area we want boys Let me see no no tunnel now you can back up bro back over here was good by the the area in curfew sign there we go Yeah, this is good. All right. I need you guys to come over here in shake hands in the center Yeah, this is good So to recap you guys into shake hands turn around to your back to back and when I give you the word You'll walk as slowly as the game will let you when I yell fire you'll turn around and you're fire one bullet You can aim you can take your time, but if you're this if you miss All the guys are free shot if you take too long other guy will get a shot first So I've got to get a balance that you know aiming and going quickly all that jazz so gentlemen shake hands and turn around And if you win you get to go to the strip club right next to you. Is there a strip club here if you're at the scrum bar There there's no people and there's no there's no boobies in there. I'm pretty sure he has a hard oh there it is Hang on No, I mean you can do it if you want sure it's gonna cost you time though obviously so Anyway guys back to back Stop looking at the neon thing Yes, she's not wearing clothes in her neon outline can grab toxic flames look that up on the internet later all right back to back guys Look stop staring at the neon Look the other direction bro, you're not back to back there you go all right no toxic toxic look at his back I want you the opposite direction you see There we go all right great No, not really man, you're like all no, bro Look you want to be the opposite direction Oh, no, you're Yeah, they know be to salt why we never have this issue just just line yourself up There we go good good good all right all right. All right. Okay guys. I need everyone else in the game to remain sound Walk it slowly is the game will let you Fire oh Oh free shot There we go it's sweet when that Got Damn we want to wrap that jawline yeah, all right there you go well done sweet good game guys That was fun. I like the map to I feel like it needs to spend more time on it GG That's good I'm not right. I want it more like that Four kills what a madman