 Hey, welcome everyone. Thanks for subscribing if you enjoy the video. Yo, what is up everyone? Welcome back to a sniper alert and several up players each have their Sensivity set the maximum so let me spin around a high speed firing one bullet Maybe you'll kill someone maybe I won't but last player surviving wins. Let's choose is gonna go first and it'll be Elite gamer Congratulations man, so we're not gonna send people to send her this time I'm just gonna stay where you are so your neighbors are in the highest risk to go ahead man spin around a few times and fire shot Well, wait, there you go. There you go. Don't ADS And nothing all right, we'll go clockwise. So go ahead sick. I'm you're up next All right, let's see next up electro bomb give it a go All right shaders you're up next That's the floor. I recommend setting your your your horizontal sensitivity ones You don't go like you're up and down all right Benji you're up dude All right next up. Yeah, you guess me. I want to switch on for this person to kill someone is not me. No you all right Jeff scout the miss all right, we're all right. You're up Midnight push the talk. All right, do you drop next Midnight push the talk only warning all right next No fatality yet all right, how does it go for it? Hmm, I guess is my turn usually I skip me, but no, no one's died yet. So it's got a got to increase her chances a little bit here and Nope, no dice. All right, go for a Pepsi Next it's a pretty uneventful first round so far We are we doing this the biggest group than we'd open it a The circle's a bit wider than it is. It's very spaced out, but we'll fix that next round all right go for it. You go. Yeah Midnight you're up. Oh Yeah, someone died. Oh, I mean rest in peace Pepsi Rest in peace. That's all right, man. That's all right. All right. Sam your off Oh, I know man This boy worried if I see the bullet holes in the ground His sensitive to the channel. I know your microphone push the talk What's that? Oh Wow Sealed bad man. Well hang on hang on we're on our second rotation now. So we've lost Pepsi and shanners Ghost push the talk Why does everyone's microns get terrible after we start recording what the hell all right everyone move up We're gonna make this smaller circle get cozy with your neighbors move up All right social distancing rules have been disabled move in All right push the talk All right, this is good all right I go for it go for a Benji for you at yes Oh Collat all right Jeff's guy in me head Wow two moderators in one shot that is he's looks very happy about that wow wow all right All right, that's unfortunate you know, maybe mods should be saying close away each other. Yeah rough all right for I cure up Next time spin before you fire bullet dillios There's the one mod living there dillios representing Never mind all right Vorac and dillios god wow Wow, that is that is unfortunate man. This is all right. We have any other mods left in the lobby I don't think so man feels bad so capsule alive guys all right petters. Oh god petters go next What's going on Hang on no more modders. Hang on. Oh, that's it channel staff and broadcaster are dead all right dragon you're up go for it I know man Karma what I do to anyone man nothing go carman ball there So I'm just gonna boot a doll out there. Oh All right microsmiles out stand up stand up Arctic No shot dodging Next up your ZD All right the lead gamer Well, well speed it up bro. Yeah, yeah, man Next Yeah, that'll hit you know the moon or something like your bomb. Oh Wow lead gamer over over here. Wow that is sad. Yeah, so you know, I missed that so let's go ahead Let's go over have you all right next up Benji you're up man All right, well a lot of fatalities that round man feels bad all right Every move in smaller circle no gaps gap free I'm gonna break it to Joe matric. Oh yeah, it's a little hard to pull off I ship with a mini map on That looks pretty good good enough sweet. I like it. I like it. All right, let's continue Europe yeah, yeah, yeah Next Next Keep going Next Ooh BRZD rest in peace man all right next Next Close all right Benji one one one shot then we All right great next round everyone crouch All right, there we go next round will be performed in Crouch you keep on moving around sick and boy gotta stay where you are man That's your spot stay in that spot. So I'm moving around all right. Let's continue. Hey, there's let's go I Just you see to the body keep on going Ooh got all rest and peace azers all right all right Benji go for a man All right everyone stand up Moving a bit closer Again the circle man all right sick him come on man take a step it there we go now you're in it. Don't be afraid all right cool Oh Yes set the mood I hear you man All right, that's way it out. I saw that I can't I can't argue I threw grenade by mistake at the beginning of the game all right great All right, Swiftress says everyone jump Swiftress says everyone aim their gun at someone's heads So just as ignore Swiftress says this is sniper roll up all right everyone spin when I yell out the word you'll pull your trigger once keep on going full speed Crouch Wow boys your plan your plan a swifter says match after this you guys need to brush it up a little bit Who was that twisted dragon? Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, don't you will be sorry twisted dragon go to the wall over there Far rigged squad far right Swiftress says line up shoulder to shoulder Prepare the firing squad let's go guys All right there we go all right everyone aim fire Yeah, come on this game is a mess who cares all right all right guys back into a small circle A little taste of you know All the only six players left all right, let's see who's gonna go first. Let me do a little bit of roll out myself over here And it's gonna be So I've jumped electro bomb. It's you okay all right electro bomb go for a dude We'll go counterclockwise now so sick of him you're up next man Whoa whoa was over the stab man what wait how did that happen? That is that's some weird control stuff you got there all right Benji you're up Oh That was very slow electro Oh wow that did not look pleasant all right article if you're up next Keep going Hey then stab that time progress next Whoa whoa chill with the melee that give you going on be careful dudes next All right hang on that what wait I don't know if people have died yet so everyone's been around You want spinning get ready one shot fire All right there you go midnight wolf was out only four of you left All right, let's see here Everyone look away from the circle or the square look away drop your munitions boxes There you go reload please fill up Wow gotta work in that melee button my dude all right great It is time for the finale my dudes will do this with four people try not to fire at the Yeah, that's the art of the fun right all right everyone start spinning When I give you the word you're gonna fire non-stop ready set go Oh Keep on going already wolf is out oh Keep on going to left electro bomb is out Dude why did you five years to reload your sniper rifle what was going on there All right pet gets the win That was the dream my dude that was a dream well you know While me the rest of my moderators he may have died in meeting this game I saw a great time watching to good game guys petters Congrats in the win and if you want to join in for games like these and other ones Swing on over to twitch.tv forts last Swift or press that hard icon follow the channel good game guys 3g 3g Guys thanks for watching the video so got two options for you over here So over here this is what YouTube thinks you'd want to watch next and I picked this one picked the one you think is more interesting. I'm curious to see what the stats are See you guys next video