 Make sure you tap the bell so you never miss a video. It's right next to the sub button. Thanks guys What is up dudes playing some snapper a lot. We're on havoc here. I Don't want to die first this time guys just getting it out there anyway Folks will be spinning around like this and firing a shot at random they might kill someone they might not Dead pull you be going first Last two people live play a little mini game. Yeah, I had to the center when you're ready. All right go for a man Whatever you're ready. Yep Back in line you go we're gonna go clockwise That means the person to your left is going Jamie It's a lot of walk around because your sense to be so high all right. Just go when you're ready man Spin at will Okay, monkey gamer is dead Next Not even a single shot Nice No one died man, let's go back in line No, hey, hey your wrong order pull cat you can come in Yeah, you'll figure it out I I Just go for a busy whatever just let it go Go as killers out Yo low manning Alright good to go Delano doesn't matter what you're in a guess if you're standing where you're supposed to stand that one of the happened by the way All right All right, yeah, yeah deal with it while Nick you're up next Wow neb is out on the plus side I'm not dead Oh All right tab is our Davis art And miss Yeah, man, it's not about gang killed it's about not getting shot. We're just completely out of control All right, get try my turn I got no three on my spot Nice cowboy hat but no dice Riley next all All Oh And pole cat is dead Come on back. Yeah, no bonus round to maybe we'll have died all right go for a Jamie Neb is dead. It's right All right, yeah, we'll tell somebody using aim assist guitar to assist if you're using aim assist will Amissus doesn't work in multiplayer, but target assist does but target assist we could tell because they'd be spinning very slowly That's fine alright Come on down wild Nick Yo, little man, it sounds like someone's vacuuming in your background bro We go for it My turn fail It's okay man Riley yeah come at me bro oh That's not where you're standing I'd rather sweat kill me but why Oh, it's out why Not where you're not where you're standing the lower Fixed Dead pull go for it Close Okay All right, Jay boys done Shiny Yeah, wow You gotta put a heart into it. That's what it is Keep your special booties to yourself all right tabus My turn Who wants to die next and you got it I do kill Nothing You look like half a foot man Whoa Come on down buddy, we need a death not mine No one died Like in right front of me Lock you like you right in front of me. Do you know what the middle is man? You know what the word center means Yeah, keep on going Bullshit All right Oh, close that all about oh He's dead on man. He is very dead Dang it was back her parents dying Next Come on Feel it no, that's fine. I'm just complaining. I like to complain Come on yellow in this form, we man You want me to win after I killed you okay look at that's that's That's good sportsmanship right there I can use some of that Nick Nick Nick Nick go loading on you got a win. Oh, oh It's just a long I wanted me to win who's the guy that killed me again? Cabbage I hope he wins I That makes one of us man That was it the trying One more let's go all right hang on I Want you guys to to get real close real close Touch guns Much closer much tips much close no no tips No, I'm just a tip okay don't stop That's pretty good. See who's gonna happen guys. You're all gonna spin around I want to give the words just keep on firing your gun once one person dies you stop Spin around Keep firing now Stop No All right, it said pool versus the jerk tab is who killed me that I'm gonna win he's not gonna That's That's Tadassis this all those times Your fancy armor all right Where are we gonna do this That's in the water. I like doing the water hop in guys water is fine. It's with like my blood You lead the way let's just go the waters right there just go in it there you go What it's simple why we got have you guys seen this before water is cold Look so you guys gonna shake hands turn around Swim is slowly as the game will let you then turn around you can use one shot No aim assist allowed sent to be says exactly the same So shake your hands Well, what are you doing what is everybody buddy buddy buddy tabus what do you do? Guys we're doing this one step at a time go go back and shake your hands Dude go back Turn around look look we're doing this one step at a time no no don't Listen you're not you're not baking a cake all right. They're a slowly shake hands. There you go Great now turn around so you're back to back This tab is guy even in discord is he here I think he just dropped I'm pretty sure mid game Diddy Deadpool so in job Deadpool turn around Fire All right Deadpool wins Just when I'm putting back in oh is he here oh Maybe she said something I thought he left the voice chat didn't let anyone know I thought it was just gonna like I'll see you later You survived He was trying to fake it till he made it channel Maybe I've had a little mercy if you didn't walk in front of my face and and shoot me from an inch away buddy All right Anyway still fun game enjoyed it the flawless Victor I'm going to pull That that is that is the assessment good game guys Dude's as always thank you for watching my videos really means a lot I always want to share with you guys. I'm now officially sponsored by soilin I don't get least two bottles a day. It's a meal in a bottle tastes good Chocolate's my favorite flavor coffee original close second Links in the description for want to check it out make me look good and really I think you're gonna love it chocolate all day baby. Thanks for watching dudes