 Make sure you tap the bell so you never miss a video. It's right next to the sub button. Thanks guys Alright we're doing some snapper roll up black ops to unrate. Let me see who's gonna go first everyone will take a turn spring around a circle flowering a shot and My die last two players live play a little mini game. Alright singer. We're gonna go counterclockwise from you singer go ahead There you go Wow Damn All right, what was the Yeah, torso your necks go to that direction boys counterclockwise Card lock is out Gone who's next check your spin went too slow for turn your aim assist off I'm gonna die Oh singers out what's all these shots I know what you think Yeah, it's got a connect Watch me die Oh We're out close Gary You should basketball and you just become goat Oh Looking good oh Oh Green is out Vader I trusted you I see bites So thought that was happening Headshot as well All right, wait wait No no no no no no fancy ass crouch spin you know two bags man give it to yourself all right Everyone remain in the same order, but moving closer We're gonna lock closer whoa buddy. Oh speed racer back up there Back in this give back in the circle bro. All right great. Let's continue. It looks like a oval That's fun I'm so done I'm dead. Oh Did you I mean I am dead I don't So's out next I make these winces I'm gonna why I just say That bull when I know where to eat for your spin is weird It's You spin it's different This is one-barring slot throws out Oh, he's just laggy one man, I bet I gotta go for Well, that was that One-bar keeps him alive. Oh, yeah, you're right Close call Jack is out yeah, that's Like we got some of the motomot teams like like oh, everything teams in a while those rods are collateral I Are you to not dead Jesus That in the back He's lying down. Oh, yeah, he is one Yeah He's in me. Yeah, there you go shots Stop stop if you far don't don't you dare she's monkey moving much smaller circles same order Two bars two kills Tricks yeah brother Ren you there's a guy All right looks good continue What are you doing bro? He didn't he didn't fire he didn't fire what hang on She's monkey cheese monkey figure out how to play bro come on spin around fire one shot. It's all you gotta do There we go all right you Jesus monkey rip Come on, Ranking. Listen to your mother. What was that? What was that? That connection in her office, right? Yeah, that was one. I don't know. The bullets are so late. Wait. 9-2 bullets. 9-2 bullets. Yes. Time to fire two bullets. One after the other. Tricks go. I'm excited. Oh, Tricks is out. Raccoon, you're failing me. Oh, come on. Yeah, he's just mad. No, it's a change my life. Chase Monkey. Let's do this. All right. I got to move on to Zilli as my bet. I see. I see his guy. Thank you, Zilli. I'm still a lot. Whoa, whoa, speed up there, bro. There you go. Yeah, speed it up. What was that? I didn't mean it up. I got to do rapid fire. Yeah, yeah, you're fine. I was cheese monkey still alive. Victory. The scene in the men. Yeah, I think it's one bar wonder. I like it. One bar, one game. Wait. Everyone closer. They're going back down to one shot of each player. Cheese. Yeah, that's good. That's good. says. One shot. Go. What? Oh, because you can still make that game out. Shots, go. No, I got to switch back to cheese. Chots. I'm pulling 40 men. What that was that? If she gets into the finale, that's gonna be interesting. You're gonna lose. We've got a ping of like mine and 9 million. But when you put it in the person of fire and this. Time. No, it's our fault. He's got like, the dials, the white spot. Where you at? Oh, that's all that. Oh, that's all that. What? All right, shots under armor, make your way to the pool area. I don't know where I'm going. I don't know where I'm going. I don't know anymore. Wait, oh, get on the ledge. Get on the ledge. Get on the ledge. On the edge of the map. Oh, this is my favorite. I'm sure. I'm right there. I'm right there. No, no, no, no, no. No, I'm not on the ledge over there. Right there. Right there. On the edge of the map, right there. Two right there. Yeah, shots. Be very careful getting up there. You can't climb up. There we go. Did you want to do it on this line here? Yeah, yeah, that's a longer side. That's a good idea, shots. All right, gentlemen, we don't have to go over the rules, right? You guys have to shake hands. You guys have to follow. Get closer, yeah. Shake hands. You're going to turn around to your back to back. I'm going to ask you to walk as slowly as the game lets you. When I yell fire and only me, I don't want to say anything. You'll turn around and you get to use one shot. You can't jump. You can't go into prone. You can't get off. You can't dodge. It's all about who can aim and fire fastest. All right, guys. Shake hands one more time. Shake your leg, man. Go on, guys. Walk as slowly as the game will let you. Without folding off. All right, Salence, everyone else right now. Thank you. Fire! Oh! Oh! Oh, I did. Oh, I'm a lucky shot. Wow, that was pretty good under armor. Let's see that. I am trying to put a quick scope under armor. Oh, my God. That was pretty good. Not bad. Bow down on, drama. All right, yeah, well done. Both of you guys, good job, dude. Congrats on your own. GG. GG. Nice seat, Tom. GG. Good game, guys. GG.