 Yo, what is up everyone welcome to our very first sniper real life game in black ops cold war We have I think 22 23 24 players lot players here In black ops cold war big thank you shout to Jimmy for sharing the 26 player like you know custom game configuration and to no game for this team for Figuring out how to actually get tons of players in the game otherwise we'd be researching like 14 players and team deathmatch So got two teams here for all you know Spitting each other up everyone will be spinning one one on time and far away a single shot at who'll go first? Let's decide here we go first player will be Hydra it's you man hang it where were they standing gang. I'm one take him right right between No, not over there. I need to be between two red dudes Never a player What what bro bro chill man what what is wrong relax man what that are you okay dude? Listen man use words. You're the fire gun. All right. No, oh I'm so sure I draw back in this note this one I draw not in the center circle man We'll be doing this we'll be doing this in circle so back to your spot, please You're right next to me. I'm there. We go all right great So spin around at full speed and after a few spins fire one shot go for it All right, oh Wow, breast and he's Dustin. All right. Well, that's a bummer. All right next up Todd Take that snap right there we go Oh Damn, oh, okay, all right Bruce you're up avenged Is there's no black ops cool war that I'm not aware of All right, uh go for it raging. It's better not be a Bruce. Oh, all right. Okay. There we go. Bay you're up I Social bro, why am I dude? Just stay don't stop stop moving around bro look just relax all right next up Martini I have to go right now this one's for you Vorak All right next to you Allen Next J. Don't thank you. It's working. Where J dog. Oh, Korak Hey, Swift that he swifted I believe Irish goodbye. I see you later, man. Borax Martini I it was nice honeymoon, but Okay, oh silence. That's no fun man anti-socials go ahead We'll shot you swifts and we'll sky you man here we go and Nothing all right next Ah I'm so scared. Zillie you're up Ark Zedrix To it out that's right between at least Oh All right now guys just just a quick no quick no If you've respawn I need you to go run outside the zone it'll make it easier for me to track the game So there we go all right mythic Next Todd that means you get the fuck out. Oh Wait that skipped two people I made a V. S. R. That's all right. Yeah, they're all right staying you're up. That's fine. Staying go for it You know that was actually kind of unfair because two of my teammates won in a row feels bad man all right Uh if that's a case then we'll go ahead and make up for that by giving to the opposing two members first gal Raging go for it Do it to me Oh my god. Oh, that was a good one and Jay dog go for it. That's so scared. I don't like this And I skipped me. No, I skipped a lot of people man. Don't worry. Oh Yeah, that's all right anyway Uh Birthday's Bruce you're up next Ruffus Slow spin there man. All right Raging you can go again All right Bay I don't know what's going to be expensive are you guys sure you haven't set the 14 insane all right Martini. Yeah, man super slow. I'm just gonna see what's a platform thing maybe martini you're up All right, yeah, I wish No crouching a lab bro Jay dog Oh Rack Oh, it's so scary All right, anti social Also, man seriously last warning stay in the same place man here we go No So close Zephyrx Totalk I'm gonna shot you knew I could I scary oh sting Mythic And stop all right Everyone move in scoots in keep the same order whoa whoa look you guys sprinting in here relax Titting up the circle a little bit move in move in Why don't you guys practically shoulder shoulder? Back out a little bit guys holy crap. Oh Jesus It'd be best friends All right good enough that's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. All right all right mythic you're up man Let's see what we want He went already my bad Bruce you're up man Yeah Move so far you know this knife or kill me oh my god martini Next to y'all and stop oh Raspberries Jay dog all right for rock All right anti social Oh Okay Dude still can't stand still either all right hang on don't continue the game yet hang on oh Yes, you do all right guys continue Arc You So much over here can you do the team make come back here? Almost martini I was close Bro, please stop moving around man literally just don't touch your left stick mean Yeah, you're right stick we know left stick left stick do not touch your left stick anti social oh Arc is out next Do it toad That was where man like you're like unraveling himself there Okay, please Oh Resume is total four I grew up Sorry, I can want social we need something What can we see all of you do dox Next There we go want these high speed spins oh Thank God all right there we go met the Oh Is that everyone no oh oh ox I could win all right here's the way we're gonna play we're changing the rules My gold oxide gets it gets a shoot again after everyone goes so Why are you still so oxide you can go? Okay, nice Where you push next person next person that was in queue it's Bruce Oxide Bay TL what's our oxide TL Give me oxide all players who were not in the circle hold onto a grenade. We're not the map. You should not be alive Thank you very much for rock Almost That's not tricks Nope Go for it all right, like side my god I'm Impossibles down I Stack and princess Stop everyone's out. Move it. Close or in? Oh, no. Hey, wait a minute. Left behind. This should definitely be a game. Right here. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. You can't land this. We just got to slide. There we go. Oh, my God. Please just leave me be. All right. Back up just a little bit. Someone came and get into the circle. Yeah, it's just like. You guys gotta make sure your social distance is fine. All right. That's good. That's good. All right. Oxide. Go for it. Zatrix. Oh, my God. Oxide. There. Oh, double. All right. Sting. Go. Get a kill outside. I'm dead. I'm dead. Oh, my God. I'm so scared. He might actually be able to pull. Mythic, are you saying it's worth it? 14 men. He'll check it out for me, dude. Yeah, there are. All right. Amas has turned off. Come on. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I'm dead. I'm dead. Oh, my God. I'm dead. Oh, can you make this come back? Oxide. Oxide. Ox. Jesus. Jesus, come on. I'm dead. Oh, my God. Sting, go. Oh, come on. I'm dead. Oh, my God. Is it go? Oh, my God. Is it go? Oh, my God. Oh, my God. And that is it. It was getting really close there. All right. Good game. Good try. Oxide. It was great. All right. It was looking like a slaughter for a little bit there. Sure, the rules change a little bit. Your game, guys. Want to join games like these and more? Swingbytwitch.tv, Forge, Slash, Swift, or... And thank you to everyone out there. You just coach Swift in the Cod Shop. That Swift Alt uppercase, SWIFT. Thank you, guys. Good game, guys. GG. Community. Wow. You watched until the end. Thanks for supporting the video. The channel that you're subbing you like. Let's see here. YouTube's going to recommend this video. And I'm going to pick out this one. I'll see you guys next video. Thanks, guys.