 Make sure you tap the bell so you never miss a video. It's right next to the sub button. Thanks guys What is up, you know, bros time for some snapper Olette? Keep it real easy. Well, actually no look at you look good. Well, we gotta get the start So go to start go to options Gotta do two things to me Say your sensitivity to 14, which is insane and Then say your target assist to disabled once you've done that You're good to go When you've done that spin around for me Because the guys not doing icy bites stop looking down your sights All right, we're all good I think if you're not we'll just shoot you all right. Let's begin. Probably that will go first This guy Asian boy What's not going so correct? Yeah Kevin get yourself in the circle bro Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Kevin Yeah, they're good buddy No, not in the center unless you want to die Bro just getting on Come on Let's pick a spot. Oh whatever. All right All right, Asian boy go for it Wow Simple go for it That's always the dream You just get when it's your turn Start off with a bang, but now it's quiet The car shouldn't blow up but you'd be fine What Scom back All right, continue. I'm specating again Midnight Skull bag Wait wait wait Increased number of shots to two two shots. Let's go two shots each person I'm gonna Jack's out oh Blame Marcus man I want to see someone get a person with each shot He's not sorry I'm good All right death count is slow it a little bit Don't slow down on that final shot man Vater that's close Stop it's time for I use my voice changer time for the bonus round The guys in the game can hear the voice changer, but you guys watching good anyway our wind spin Everyone spin there we go make sure it's all Yo knives spin that booty You gotta check make sure it's doing all right here Now when I give the word unify or single bullet go Well rip anyway Asian boy go for it Now one shot one shot he did one shot good one shot Off into the stars that shall went It's fine it'll survive the match. Oh I was using that guy well rest of moving What was there thank you some dude All right, we're fine Cars It's methego Yeah, dude go Yep, yep works better when you pull the trigger You You guys are got at the end of this rotation wool move everyone in a little bit closer Not getting long range shots We're moving in now let's move in You don't need the ammo you're fine All right, let's continue Minot angel is out Oh Never know Especially when you're shooting into the shins of the clouds Not quite How's my murderer still alive this needs to be resolved No I know your pain Marcus trust me and your pain There we go Four players left All right, wait wait wait wait Moving guys, let's see a little club make a square small square Yeah, there you go we can resume now You Is out three remain all right Respect here is dead This is John legend killer and Asian boy beer still alive All right wait Give it time miss Make sure you guys all reload All good all right here's what's gonna happen you guys are all gonna spin at the same time and you're not gonna stop spinning and firing until One person has died So guys start spinning don't start firing yet, but start spinning Keep on firing now go That's it there you go Asian boys out it leaves John and legend So he's got a got a wonky microphone get that checked out What was where you guys want to battle no this place has got dead bodies everywhere a blown up car Find some more little little cleaner guys move move around together. Let's find somewhere you know a bit more Fitting for the final final duel How are you guys gonna top of that fire truck Got a jump from the Yeah jump from the ambulance no, you say ambulance over there Yeah, straight legend killer to your left Yeah, right there to the right. Yeah, I'm gonna see right yeah If you jump up if you guys out with that one you can get on to the fire truck Yoshi what up dude All right, you gotta jump at the right time. So that was a little hard with high sensitivity Yeah, I'm so nice. Yeah, you can Yeah, no, it might be the way to go jump and crouch there. There you go There you go. This is where we'll do it nicely done boys. All right Now you know the rules you'll shake hands you turn around so you're back to back When I give the word you'll walk us slow as the game will let you and when I say fire you'll turn around you have one shot Make it count. There's no dodging. There's no going into prone. There's no Novating you turn around you need to aim and fire and Make the shot you miss your shot you wait You wait to die You both miss them Kind of messed up. All right, shake hands boys gentlemen's game right here All right, that's enough shaking turn around so that you're back to back Not remember gonna walk us slowly as again or what else is gonna remain silent When you're the f word you're gonna gonna turn around take that shot Walk is mo walk is slowly as the game will let you Oh Fire Oh no legend killer what happened man Oh man Man Well, he no scope to damn Good game guys that was fun except for the part where I got killed in the first two minutes of the game GG guys thanks for playing and thanks for watching