 Swift! What's up, ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to some sniper alert. We're gonna pull one player at a time to descend to spin around fire shot. So what might die? So let's see what's going first. Gonna go ahead and spin, gonna close my eyes. And you! Who's this closer to? Who's this closer to? This closer to Jimmy. Jimmy, you're up. Whoa, right there. Alright, so spin around fire one shot. Oh no. No fatalities back into the circle you go. Alright, let's see what direction we'll be going. Those are really matter. Let's go clockwise. Corrupt, you're up next. Yes, let's go ahead and end the bets. Letting it close. Alright, back to you. What are all the spray paints? I walked away from my computer for like one minute. It's like, you know, kids have gotten hold of the Creole of markers, you know what I mean? I'm riding on the wall everywhere. Yeah. This is what happens when you open a door. I really don't wanna die first. I didn't know I wanted to die first. Who wants to die first? Not me. No one wants to die first. I just want to be able to shoot before I die. Oh, man. Not everyone gets what they wish for. That was close. I recommend, I recommend changing your vertical sensitivity to one. It'll help you keep your gun level. It's up to you. I wanna get ammo first. No need to grab ammo. Everyone's got maximum ammo. Don't leave yourself. That was between my legs. Why is every bullet coming next to my head? The next one is the next one. I ride with the 15 months. Thank you very much. You killed us. Two of killing. No one, man. I want anyone to die. That's a really weird. That would have been a weird one. You better have no work. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. Who you point yet? No, fatality. Dole is going to go back to where you're standing in the circle. All right. Dole is drunk. Not a single fatality yet. I don't think I've ever seen. That was overlay double-hanging. I can't be get a pull if I don't face that. Oh, my God. I don't know. Do me a part of the sniper's because we lost our first wait. We lost somebody? Yes. Yeah. Who died? Where? Oh, wow. Hang on. Ammo boy. Ammo boy. Rest in peace, man. All right. All right. Next. And a fruit peel. No. Thanks for that's up on the overlay. Did you notice that? Next. No crouching. Stand. Wait, hang on. Did he just, did he just dodge that bullet by, by crouching? Hmm. Make sure you're standing up. All right. You're done, man. Head back and ask you to do a great job. You're a great job, young man. All right. So you're just gonna have to reflect. All right. We only lost one player out of all that. That is. That is very unavailable. Yeah, it's like he's done. It looks like he's been in it. He was on my screen. He looked great. So. Delios, where you stand, man? Get in the circle, bro. Kind of. An ovel. Actually, is he the issue? Yeah, he is. It's it's it's it's it's. Delios, dealers back up. Yeah, tell you it's back up, man. Put that target down in some weird spot. Back up, bro. There we go. All right. Great. So it's gonna be a bonus round. I want everyone to spin. And when I yell up fire, fire, a single bullet. All right. Everyone's been. This is not good. You only have one fatality this round. Keep on spinning. Fire. Oh. I see DZ and Delios. Oh, my God. I'm a lot of fun. I'm a lot of fun. I'm a lot of fun. Yeah. Is icy Dodd, but before icy Dodd, he was able to kill Delios. Man. Instant karma. All right. Congratulations, everyone. You made it to round to you. Yeah. You want to take a take a couple of steps in and then let's tighten up the circle a little bit. Whoa, whoa, buddy. Couple of steps. Not run a marathon. All right. Move in. Move in a bit. There we go. There we go. You see you can see the mini map. This looks like a. Oh, man. Doesn't look like a circle, but I guess we'll work with it. All right. Let's continue. All right, Jimmy, you're up, man. Oh, no. He's really close to me. Please no. Oh, it's a miss. There we go. The circle. And. Wow. Wow. He's a new cap. All right. Hang on. Hang on one moment. I think someone's really bored. Rogue Warrior. It seems like someone's spinning around and he's going to get a new cap. I'm ready. Hang on. Hang on one moment. I think someone's really bored. Rogue Warrior. I think someone's spinning around and firing the shotgun is not entertaining enough for you. It seems to be entertaining yourself by spraying that wall. I think the problem is that you would just start not close enough to the action. Rogue Warrior. You've got a new spot, man. Stand about two inches away from sinful. That's your new spot, man. There we go. Now you should be. You should be a lot more entertained now. All right, sinful. Continue. Okay. And I know where I can possibly mess this. Oh, no. You know what I'm saying. Oh, man. Well, this is more exciting now. All right. Next. Oh. All right, Eric. I saw the character friends. I wish I shot you. Whoa. What's that? Yeah, I tried. I didn't know something trying to rev up. Oh, that's close. Tragic, I know. That was really close. Holy cow. The prettiest cool skin on the gun. All right. Kio. Yeah. He's all painted up. I wonder why. Yeah. Spray paint. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, that's unfortunate. Sorry, Toast. Or at least you got to go a few times. All right. Next up. Next up. Oh, hang on. Am I blocking the kill feed? I probably am. I'll move myself over here. All right. Go for it. Whoa. Oh. Elks. Elks. Elks. Rest in peace. Elks. In my recap. All right. All right. All right, guys. We're not going to fire any bonus round. Plenty of people died. I would like to fix this circle. Everyone moving closer, please. Oh my. Much closer. Let's go. Let's make a nice round circle. I'm just going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Oh, my. Much closer. Let's go. I just panicked for a second. Am I discord? You're so bad. They come. Become one with the spaghetti, yo. Let's go. Get enough. All right. Let's go. Ooh, he's really close. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. I don't like this. I don't know. Me no like you. It was close as rope was. Oh. No. He's no. No, I'm good. Just shoot ready Swift said to inches. So I There we go. I hope you enjoyed your like 5,000 rotations. All right corrupt your up next Recon is out. I Like this one big oh My I think I did a little too far on the spree paints Thanks for the haircut Even done reloading man that was rude. That was very rude You're a little bit Got switcher be nice. No, don't be nice get so nice watch this See he was nice That was really close I I'm gonna have like to All right hang on yes That was a decent round, but I want to be closer Everyone moving Moving guys moving I am not satisfied you should be very close to another player come on My doggy doggy this is so scary Come on, you can do bear man. Come on. Yeah, there we go a little closer Let's go man. You can do this a little bit further in bro You bet that's good to you too. Come on in mo come on in Yeah, all right. No need for you to go into the center anymore Staying that spot All right Jimmy go ahead Hang on take out your goddamn favorite All right there we go Maddie thank you for the gift sub Look at that smooth spin right there The boss crap And Jimmy is dead unfortunate sad times Go for it Notice this out today monkey man. Thank you for the 14 months man. Sorry, bro What is the circle now play so yeah, let's keep it as this go ahead we could do another rotation All right, we're on p-sammo next Oh, that was close that was really closed Oh Double Wow Oh, all right Double double kill all right hang on We got like yeah, let's let's make this a proper circle everyone kind of yeah, re re re adjust Coquine is co-kill all right, that's the yeah, that's only the only little take this game all right Keanu go ahead man Yep, we're ready Keanu All right Ooh, and that's it all right all right the problem Keep on going Oh Move your spot to stay where you are My goodness Oh, that was so close Oh Is gone We'll give us a couple of spins and then we'll have to know initiate protocol D D for dinosaur yeah, yeah sure Yeah Yeah, sure do love to reload one more rotation Oh my goodness One more All right stop This is gonna work all right you guys are gonna keep on spinning Okay, and you're gonna keep on firing until I say stop. That's when one person dies So keep on spinning And keep on firing now One firing stop stop stop Yeah, and that was first key was out All right Yeah, no tea bag and eight no no real don't tea bag and he's right all right Gemini and Duggy Congratulations on making to being the final two usually I would do some kind of Some kind of like you know one-on-one duel now I Think I decided to be in the game that the final two players we leave it to rolet odds once again all right we're gonna do this in While both of you guys take hmm take five steps back get some distance That's good all right, oh that look that was not five steps guys moving a little closer here like that a little bit more All right, that's good great Now all you gotta do you know the same thing you just did somebody would be a longer distance maddy Thank you for that gifts up all right, so keep on spinning and when I say fire just keep on firing Fire I Was going for a Rate of fire here you can't prepare This is All you guys are not you guys aren't in free mode. Oh, I would not be rotating the player This is a this is just funny to watch Guys, all right and stop this is not gonna work Do a Mexican standoff All right, I'm just I'm just brainstorming some other fun things we do something usual All right, here's what we'll do You guys turn around All right, you went to prone You must remain in prone for the rest of the game, okay when I say go You can turn around while remaining in prone and kill the other player with your snapper as many bolts as you'd like All right, so wait Remember must remain in prone you stand up you lose Ready set go I Mean they both missed you know, so you get nervous out there All right, can I get can I see this let me see if I go here we go Wow All right, I'm gonna dougie on the victory man dougie. What's your shout out? I Great shout out man. I'm sure your mom and family really appreciate that acknowledgement of your love and and Friendship with them good game guys. We want to join in for games like these twitch.tv for slash Swift doors where we do this and and a lot more good game guys Guys, thanks for watching the video so got two options for you over here So over here this is what YouTube thinks you'd want to watch next and I picked this one pick the one you think is more interesting. I'm curious to see what the stats are See you guys next video