 Yo, what's up everyone welcome to the sniper alert players will take turns speaking around in a circle Then find one shot at random some people use a mouse and the left to kind of like wiggle it or whatever, but let's do a quick test Everyone's been around for me Again dizzy just close your eyes or something you'll be alright There's gonna a sniper rifle out there spinning as fast as they can wait there's a stop that's what it says bro. You don't have a sniper All right, here's your job your job stand right here until someone dies and pick up their sniper until then you just sit over here, man You'll be fine. All right, okay Well, I'm trying to rip my sniper load on it didn't let me know what dude. No worries You're gonna as long as you don't die before someone else dies. We're gonna snap All right, we go. Let's do's go first is gonna be You hi, who's this oh Z master Z master. I want you to come stand right next to this fine gentleman over here You just been around a circle and you're gonna fire one random shot One of the eyes that he kills you not somebody else. You'll be fine. All right, man Yep, it's been around All right, so miss go back into the circle we're gonna go clockwise that's you next Got good. Hello Oh Damn, he doesn't get a sniper He just has out live he does that out live one person. Oh Sorry, man. All right next Hungry tub punks as high You are not allowed to go to from bitch Don't take your ball like a like a player next Oh I want okay, oh man ask for no Suppresses broke next and he doesn't even have both action. Oh, he's in those Oh tiger Yes Just did away from a ghost just something like Bro, turn out famous way done a small I don't okay is aw So much alright ok next I got back sorry Oh Right next to me right behind me Oh my word that was so close Oh, pal you were so close to dig in your turn bro Next Yeah, that's really real downside of this mode of my opinions positive you can die before we get to do this one Oh balls deep rest in peace All right, you're next That's not a bold action man Hmm technically it is Don't worry if you follow more than one bullet then we'll give a refund a big deal looks like a sensitivity is a little too low Ooh Wait, wait, I can do this for you Your horrors on Is it good? I think you shot a bird Yeah, no that's not where you are bro over here. All right while you're waiting to say your horrors on say your vertical sensitivity one bro next Very close next Next Oh No close That was right. Yeah, that was so this morning I Suppressor man, it's a person makes it sound like it's a weak shot. Please keep that stuff off Man, we got a dead body Oh, Richie you're at the peace man All right bro Yo, that came by my leg, bro That'll be a rest in peace Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh my god, was that to me? Oh, that was close Hmm seems like you're trying to target me Oh Close At the end of this one reset we have a new rule Pride stay alive until then Don't say that that's something's gonna die Oh, so man's getting boring People die with the content Oh my gosh That was so close For what's easier when you step in the circle? And that's back to me oh yeah almost All right, so going forward want two people going up at a time Oh To go to the center that's all Say you guys only be touching each other we should actually be liking it. Yeah, you're over there on the other side You know Is that good or not to yeah, you don't know there you guys will both go the same time And then you'll go back into the circle if you're not dead good good plan good plan. Let's go. Yeah, free Why you guys are one of you want? Three two one go Oh Was a double right there that's unfortunate all right next Three two one go You Yeah, ready? Yeah, ready to wait you guys wait. I'm dead. Let me just get wait. I'm like can I just be a ghost for a little bit first? Thank you. All right. All right. Please continue Okay on three on three one two three Oh God I hope your pillow is warm all the time Hi, everybody. It is three two one go Please rather slow you You're finished Guess if I were whatever you want I think there's an advantage you flowering first mom mistaken right what if you kill other guy that I kill you right all right Anyway, do everyone next Oh Oh, I was spending with you over there in spirit now is just a spirit next Next Ready don't kill me Already ready three two one go I'm gonna break All right, everyone stop you guys in the center. I want the circle Redone so making a little bit small not a lot small but I also want you to spread out Spread out in a smaller circle You over there Good keep it like that. Oh, yeah, just about you there we go perfect great go Make sure in front of the furniture please in front of the furniture. Thank you All right, you guys can continue now All right three two one spin Oh, I'm resting peace all right next Vishko oh, that was me and you no no no nothing Now you get over there your partner over there we go Shhh all right spin on three spinning then on three one two three Whoo-hoo, thank you for sending the bill next Cool, sorry Give you the pretty pre-21 But I'm really bad you know the shoot you just have to not get shot that's how you win the game Tills on that All right come on Yo, what's wrong get up there I pray to the cod god I win I don't have to pray to me bro All right hang on next to players go to the center I want a smaller circle Oh Just gone in badly A little bit closer guys come on Guys the center a little bit closer to each other We will be good Touch the tips All right you All right three two one spin I don't get nobody on that That almost got me next All right president get nobody on that start spinning in on three one two three These don't break the glass rose make sure aim that stuff like you know chest height on your cover All right three two one Lord What was this The chill three two five let's go Don't break the glass please the floor bro You're the easy only one all right. I'm a new partner. Well, it's just good. It's it's always the next two people Yeah, yeah, they're yeah hang on smaller circle This is the last one and now our partners touching each other like you know face the face What's she? It on three I love how civilized you guys are I just be pleased to fire first all right Please don't shoot the floor make sure your vertical sensitivity is set to one that'll prevent that from happening With that said begin So spinning three two one two Wow, that was very cinematic Hold star spinning on three all right wait All right, yeah, okay, okay, okay, don't go too far out continue One two three Are you ready Top of a table sir Everyone aim Fire Next pair Please omela your teammate or whatever Please need somebody there you Continue Next to All right, but me again All right smaller circle. I want everyone standing on uh on a glass in some way Damn you guys my the corner bitch get back. No change your order. Bro get it back over there man. You know I'm talking about yeah, come on man. All right Uh, all right. I don't think we have any kind of shape going on right here, but you know you guys don't we're doing go ahead continue you two All right one two three two Next two All right Hold on that's me right. Yeah, you got it. You're good. You're good. All right six players left continue Spin and on three one He's like after you bro No, cool. It's on your whole yeah All right, everyone stop you guys ever uh I remember an old game called day blades you like spin a little top. Yeah, yeah My son plays that. Oh, that's the still exists well. I don't know Basically just little spinny things fighting each other on a tabletop. They're trying to knock you know like try and knock him out I want you guys here are the rules You must cost you can must constantly spin Actually, yeah, here's the rule in order to fire one bullet you must spin for three seconds If you're not spinning you can run around top over here But to fire another bullet you must spin for three seconds and fire again Makes sense So once you start spinning you can fire one shot if you want to stay in the same spot and keep on firing you can This one wants to run away and spin and fire over there They can also want to move towards another player try and get them there you can Make sense when can you fire? That's a three seconds after you've spawned for three seconds you got one bullet every three seconds while spinning All right You guys can move around if you'd like now the game is here don't be cowards don't be cowards. They're here bunch of cowards I'll stay in the middle You guys start spinning and firing whenever you want one three Oh I need a medic Two people left Must spin for three seconds before the fire Oh, all right pause the game back on the roof I'm sorry to interrupt I have to go with you in a real blast How do you die Wow Wow GGs everybody Our mini game yesterday someone sent on the van and they just died I did not I forgot about all right gg guys. That was a lot of fun. We'll call it when I tie up You guys gg If you want to join these games Join ours discord server discord.gg for its last Swift or you just search for a Swift or discord and find it good game I'll see you guys next time