 Welcome to the channel guys. Hope you enjoy the video drop a like if you do What is up? You know bros are playing some sniper relic here on citadel So around the circle over here this is on the east side of the map my circle here. That's perfect for the game mode Here's the players in the game guy Eduardo Antepro awesome neo Wade What oh my? Dude No Now supposed to be a warning shot the hipbox was bigger than I thought To pay for our pay respects moving on press F Paris becks to fall in that word Everybody taking me What but what's the dumb console? I think I'm just gonna leave in the video anyway here the players in the game Survive this game of of sniper relic Vex you can go for a spin around fire a shower go clockwise from there Walk wise we don't know Clockwise clockwise bro Riley there we go I know my clock Why is it what you'll need? Must have some sort of like oh Like went through the legs of X Holy fuck all right. Oh Brand new graph Auntie don't you later? All right, let's go to another circle. I was no one died. We're gonna change things up a little bit Come on All right my turn is too small None of the people technically Edward Oh Frivolous All right, I'll go and guess don't mind me Wait, wait wait Vex I did die, but that's not enough I need other people to die team so much you guys start firing two shots one after the other go for Vex two shots All right, there we go Riley's out reaper your next Next Wow over to Hey, it's those custom games where whenever you kill somebody you have to say sorry I don't know All right, Vex increased three shots go oh Don't do it Wait is out Press that okay three of those went right by me Oh That was Oh Oh I'm so excited I was a guy would kill me so I wouldn't be excited raise the three four shots are next four shots. Yeah I Would we try aim nothing now Yes No one Reloading on reloading We should reload before we Oh This game on special on this have the map would be so much better than like bullet ricochet All right, he's got fire shots wait wait wait wait no we're going back down to one shop by one of the center circle Right on the eliminate there goes you five guys left all right Vex continue on Vex don't you dare kill me Savage Next Whoa You guys are super close some of the guys I see what's going on It's matter of time man, don't worry Going to the fakey fakey work all that went to my seat I Vex, no, no, no, keep it one shot. I'll let you know All right, we for go ahead Oh Break three three Continue All right, all right, all right, you guys are good all right savage strike gunslic hang on so I don't want the duel to happen here too many bad memories Okay, a bad memory me dying so let's go find somewhere else. Let's go to the throne room. That's where the final duel will happen Hey, this is my first time on this map. That's okay basically go Go south We go south good north Go north south south south I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure it's Yeah Yeah, south no No, it's the very self end of the map there we go. There we go Right now hang on hang on and you don't get the throne yet, bro Get off the throne. You gotta earn it get your ass off that throne meeting the very center circle over there Yeah, there we go. This is where you're gonna do your duel Call the game. All right. This is not hand-to-hand combat chill. So guys meet in the center You guys know how it works shake hands All my vertical sensitivities Solo it is one of this turn around to the back-to-back All right, so let me explain on this works for the people at home these guys are both gonna walk as slowly as possible Once I give the word when I say fire they have one bullet they can use They're not gonna jump around they're not gonna duck. They're not gonna go into prone. They're not gonna jump They're not gonna dodge left or right. They're gonna turn around. They're gonna aim. They're gonna fire the one shot Guys got it Great walk as slowly as the game will let you Fire Wow Really good shot holy crap. Oh my oh my what the hell do I get a replay? I think I Have to go for kills. Oh my god. He Nice He didn't deserve that Maybe I'm not Curve the bullet All right, dude, I'll contact you after the game to find out what kind of like aim hacks you got hook me up Thanks for joining in to be a fun one. See you guys next time good game guys Awesome Thanks for watching guys follow me on Twitter at Twitter.com for it's last Swift or see you next video