 Swift! Oh, oh, oh! You can't out of mana. Stop now. He wants a minute. No. Don't stop. You got to keep on going. You got to keep on going. I got to keep on going. You got to keep on going. Nick, keep on going. All right. Whatever. All right. Welcome to Slampersnap, Oralette, on Havoc. Let's begin. All right. Yeah. This game is stop spitting now. The first person to go is going to be... Thank you man, happy you that's awesome man. Skiebsen you are first man All right, Skiebsen we're gonna go go counterclockwise from music go it's been around fire one shot Wait, it's supposed to go to the center right mom I'm spinning around in the circle repeatedly. Oh Oh Rest on peace Jack Champ your next Now for this one Yes, please sometime this year all right there we go Jimmy you're up Jimmy No, Jimmy yep go skill or go for it Holy shit Yes, he is and I didn't get to kill him Is it my turn right? Yes, my friend it is your turn go for it Okay, I'm going yep, thanks the heads up. I can't look It's not me Shainers he is dead all right next up LeBron's land you aiming for me. All right, man. Let's see if you can hit me go for it Maybe next time You're not even a sub man. How you gonna give swift bucks? Spog I go ahead All right, there you go for it. He needs everyone for these lobbies. Oh Spog eyes out all right next cheese monkey Nothing all right Kill switch Toxic flames Oh Oh that one right between someone LeBron I don't think aiming at me is gonna help but go for it dude Show me that pro phase 970 shot phase Yes clearly a legitimate number degrees to do a pro pressure nose gopey shot It'd be 980 It's over 9000 9000 degrees shot So like he just spent in the circle for like two minutes Oh Champ is out toxic you're up doing good I did wrong to you but you know about your toxic all right. Yes. Thank you. I'll quit your day job Thank you. Thank you for your feedback I I Because I can expect to have better with this a knife LeBron I wish you luck man. Hope you hit me around the face Better luck next time Still that day. I'm surprised I don't want to You And This isn't you know where I'm in step closer to I sure Try again LeBron You still a shame my friend a shame Can you That's a pretty slow spin All right, all right No ducking allowed no ducking allowed there. I go She's one he's got the best shot at kill me. He's got the closest proximity You got you forgot I got to consume at least 45 degrees you can reach Nothing is there Let me Oh Love wrong maybe you aim click backwards you have a better shot of hit me There I go give that a shot Well worth a shot oh Talks lame scone why why About Wow, she's monkey's really really trying to pinpoint where he wants this shot to go She's she's monkey I'll tell you what man. I'm right over here. I wish you luck Oh On the ground go for it No, for the ground And cool man do not get back up rest in peace about times when died all right No, you're at the end of that Here we are again, she's monkey She's Possibly Wait Everyone's been around everyone keep on spinning I'm gonna y'all fire in a fire single shot everyone's been Fire Was that more one it felt like one shot from everybody well That's cuz two people got killed Jimmy you're go At as you were Yeah, go for men spin Spin Don't get hurt you when you're on the one firing Rug will flash west of the same thing Why is everyone trying to go first with Sarah You Feels bad man feels bad I Well abroad you outlived me so it's a be proud You I'm pretty sure I'll take that double crimes I like way rich and so was wet Gets do it do it dude cheese Do it do it do it do it wow All right, ladies and gents let's move in a little bit closer here. It's moving a little bit closer. Whoa buddy All right move on in Move on in get a little closer a little closer a lot closer a lot closer a lot closer a lot closer All right, good deal. All right go for a cheese monkey murdering jerk face You guys the kiss What a shame Jimmy oh Oh It's only you boys left remaining players are Jimmy and fatal Jimmy fatal hop in the water, please wash off all that blood on you Great all right like both you jump in the float above water You can just clear yourself out of bounds, you know Well, that's that congratulations on the unsatisfying win Jimmy Good game guys except the part right now Peace out boys until the next game Dude's as always thank you for watching my videos really means a lot I always want to share with you guys. I'm now officially sponsored by soilin. I don't get least two bottles a day Does the meal in a bottle tastes good? Chalk is my favorite flavor coffee original close second Links in the description for want to check it out make me look good and really I think you're gonna love it Chocolate all day baby. Thanks for watching dudes