 What's up, Unibros? Thank you for pressing like if you enjoy the video What is up, Unibros? Welcome to our very first snapper roulette game an infinite warfare Oh, Panda gaming 666, well, thank you for subscribing dude. Appreciate that man All right, so in snapper roulette each of us gonna take turns spinning around a circle and firing our long-go snapper rifles One person just oh you guys didn't choose the right snapper rifle. Be careful careful next time So let's go ahead and get started picking one person that ran and started off a little bee Go smoke I'm gonna rev here. It's my spot. All right go smoke just spin around fire a shot. We'll go counter Clockwise all right. Here we go. Jamie you're up next man. Oh man, I'm last It's way goes No fatalities yet aim assist is turned off Keep on going All right my turn Level it off spin around and nothing Keep on going oh Coobear is out I missed that all right next Close I love how clear it is to see where the shots going My turn I Can't be neat my legs Oh, Nitro dude that could have been me, but it was you next What the Everyone everyone I'm sure you are and then you everyone on my side take out your snapper rifle Amid a creative said fire All right, I'm even sorry for your loss All right, let's go All right next You guys will receive safe Eyes closed Oh Jamie's out next All right, let's let's continue All right, I'm in the last one of the rotation then we're all moving a little bit closer Trust me I was just I wish I was spinning in the small circle Nothing all right guys moving Chill bro chill all right guys this moving All right, this is good all right. We're gonna continue with Russell man go for it dude Get a few good spins and for the next time there you go All right, people the right snapper rifle I like that initiative Oh I mean I did like you all right Continue Spinning for everybody nemesis thank you for subscribing dude Appreciate that man, thank you very much appreciate those twitch subs. It's what keeps me a business business All right after I go don't take your turn that all right, we're gonna switch it up All right Spies things up a little bit. We're gonna increase it to two shots go smoke go for it You're gonna fly two shots We're after the other nice My turn Yeah Sorry sorry, sorry, that's got time at the same alright keep on going go smoke two shots Theoretically should shoot one more time spin around shoot one more time All right good okay So it's me and you man me and you're gonna do a duel. I don't want to do you there's too many bad memories Monsters life thanks for something five months ago. Thank you, man. All right follow me. Let's find some more a little bit more serene I think I know just a spot It's gonna win this one. Oh, no, I mean not necessarily All right, please follow me over here. It was just to the right a lab Or maybe not might be thinking of a different map Less than six to high Not this way I clearly don't remember this map as well as I thought I did Oh, here's Bob on your lap. All right, this is just Over here. Yeah good. This was it Great look at that man is that beautiful One of us I can become part of that All right, it's a shake and that's we can salute all right, Cabo you got this man. So what we're gonna do We're gonna we're gonna do a duel so we'll salute each other We'll turn around then we'll walk slowly as he able let us then we'll turn around and fire a single shot There's no jumping no dodging you turn around you can aim if you'd like you should aim you fire Wow, this one really wants to salute all right, man. All right, Cabo go for it dude All right, we'll if you do turn around wait, I'm absolutely yet. Oh for you to we did it do your smooth There we go all right Turn around and walk for it's loading twice a fire. Oh wait, wait, I'm talking to her about that wait wait One moment guys. I'm actually at the very end of this little thing. I'm gonna go down and probably have an advantage maybe I'll throw off maybe Let go over here. It's my bad run a slope Sorry, right. I mean I free the person the bomb as a as the edge go smoke you can have it I think I believe that makes more sense. I can be wrong. All right very else do it salute Okay, now turn around and walk as slow as possible until I save fire When I save fire you have one shot What no Hey, so not please says fire Go Is ghost What the hell hang on hang on hang on hang on Flash man thanks for seven five months in row Ghost how how hard is this bro? What do you what do you run over there? He was like moving his fast. He was trying to use walking is fast possible here. Let me show you all right look if You can walk slowly but it's gently holding on up on the on the left depot or left left thick sec You walk really slow so it's like super dramatic you got it All right, I need to move I think I may I move some space need to move now you can point the other direction All right, whatever man. Okay. Yes. All right. Let's do it. All right. Let's try this again. All right. It's good turn around Walk as slow as possible When I say fire you turn around and shoot one shot You Fire Ghost I mean I waited from the turn but Not I didn't wait too long for the turn And of course I mean I don't know I think there might be some communication issue go smoker you there and he wasn't in bed now Swift or Swift wasn't in bed. Yeah Oh I wasn't in that's the one thing go to him bet wise. I don't even think he's in discord. Is he? No, I don't think so. It's probably fine in here. Cabal. Oh That's gonna be a problem. Well, I might explain why I want There we go. I probably should check for that. You could hear me on my on my turtle beach stream mic, but I don't think you heard me Herd you guys on a stream, but it's like really like there's a Whatever Yeah, there's no way he's gonna win that Are you game guys that was fun