 Swift go All right, let's what so the first person up will be me Cheese monkey hey All right, we're gonna go we're gonna go counterclockwise from cheese monkey To the Jack Jack where are you? Send the bets Yeah, totally again I know that's all right next up will be a Kill switch you're up Switch I don't know Jeff You're the reggae man You're aiming for me Bro ready for you to get disappointed oh Jimmy it'll be sad when I take you Where Where is they where is they have I'm gonna go Exactly bombshell it's not R&G unless one of yours like Milky phase member That's Thank you Jeff you're the only person to help that guy Appreciate it man. Oh, no, Puma also helps. Thank you. I appreciate that All right, you but hey Jay nice try Don't worry we're gonna we're gonna fix the situation once we get back to cheese monkey. Oh god. It's been very non lethal I don't even to kill anyone, but just guess I do Go in destiny Kollio Why I'm gonna be the first vitality All right everyone make a circle shoulder to shoulder There's gonna be no way people can miss now Move in shoulder to shoulder moving closer Move in Touching me touch my butt. Yeah, you should be touching you move in Look at the prize place I'm gonna see All right finally now people will die let's go Oh I just wanna just scary I really don't want you to kill me please Wow, did you miss the okay? Why is it no closer me What we get all right you guys try to play Yeah, that's all right. It's fine Yeah, well Jimmy you of course well if you're gonna stand like Ryan from my face my injuries are chances Oh Do you understand the hard you trying to aim at me the more you're gonna miss? Oh Good boy Rest of Toxic this is my f you man. I ain't died immediately. Here we go. Wait. My no we did. What are you doing man? These kids My kill you took my kill But it wasn't here we go No Oh, I can't always I yep This is the game I love my cheese. I love me really Oh So bad Kill switch please don't bro go ahead man try your worst Oh Like it went through me nice try I feel that if you try was actually nice. Oh Caval know I used to get out close and possible to now All right, that's no, that's go mate. All right. I think you miss You go in the wrong you may have it all right toxic flames try your worst Jack were you standing exactly Let's do this again Swift You ready? Yeah, I'm ready for disappointment. Yes Oh, no Well, I got all you drank kill me. That's all right. All right I was so ready to test my luck again. I'm even at nobody right here Unlucky sorry, she's monkey It's fine and fine I have my TV muted so this is really awkward Well no tea bagging asshole All right Oh What if he crouch Yeah, yeah, let's move it Welcome guys glad you're watching It's very fair door Why you guys are skipping jacks turn Jack wait, wait, wait, up jack we're trying to start your bus your close and personal jack Jack, he missed us You could try I'm right here I got killed by Jeff I'm not jack do you understand that by aiming at me you're just gonna definitely miss You're just You will definitely miss you're not part of phase buddy I will spark good You got this Swift get a good kill I don't want to kill anyone Why not? Oh You're all my friends you're all I have So I'm gonna do just join the game what do I want? No, they can't join it. That's fine. Don't watch I don't worry about it Jack star Yeah, you're gonna look at me. Let's go. That's the man's car. I'm gonna kill you Sam hard work Jack all right Laga out of season If you didn't know they have a right Even shots let's go jack jacks gonna miss Why'd you walk all the way up in front of me what that was all about Yes All right here I go okay. I'm ready to spin jack jack do you like my spot? Jack look look jack do you like my spot jack Oh, Swift you smell well nice. So sexy Oh, welled all right next oh The worst Hey guys at least it's not about it wasn't that it's mine. It's pretty bad. Yeah pretty bad The remaining molder Her life How You put me off You know doctor like Jack why do you keep looking up? It's a sky's beautiful like a Swift let's go All right here we go Yeah, delicious. How's it going all right? No fatality friends I was Just See how well it goes to you buddy try try your best if you kill him I'm giving you 10 billion Gentlemen aim fire All right, well, let's send let's send a really close It's all returns I was gonna spin around When Cavalcell's yells go you just start firing non-stop Trick you have been All right Witанич, congratulations Happy He's Well done, good game. Well done. GG. I'm a stripper guy. T-codes. Dudes, as always, thank you for watching my videos. Really means a lot. I always wanted to share with you guys I'm now officially sponsored by Soilin. I don't get least two bottles a day. It's just a meal in a bottle. It tastes good. Um, chocolate is my favorite flavor. Coffee, original, close second. Links in the description if you want to check it out. Make me look good. And really, I think you're gonna love it. Chocolate all day, baby. Thanks for watching, dudes.