 I'll just tell you I put it out of proximity mine right over here You guys will run into this direction first person back in this cross walk alive while staying on the route When's please be careful going around that proximity mine? We'll be ashamed both for you guys died any questions good switcher says go Go why remember the proximity mine? The unfortunately did not remember the proximity mine what's up everyone welcome checkpoint Playing switcher says last time we were here yesterday We did a challenge it got a lot of people murdered. Oh, we guys not doing that today switchers except block shit That's a lie. I'm doing this the person that crouches last in three two one go Is it too good just this last person crouch place So does this what does this Nate come with me? Oh? Nate how you doing today, man? There you go Nate all right under water no big deal Nate follow. So does Nate follow me? All right, so is Nate this is show you that's hair what's going on? So it's climb over this and climb back over I'm over climb back there. You're staying just out there right? Let's have more dangerous. I need you to go there open that door and come back alive Not yet though. Everyone else can come over here and watch come on over I Dusty twift is just follow me Didn't not say switch is says Congratulations, Nate this challenge just got easier the person to go the furthest and come back alive lips Twift is everyone else can come watch over here simply don't go on the bridge All right Swift says ready set go You live to play another day Swift says it won't please follow me Swift says please get on the crosswalk You All right, we're currently the roundabout Let's just make one lap around the roundabout All right, this time everyone's going to go in the same direction. Please make sure you go in this direction, so just look over here This is direction watching more enough you have guys went the other way around all right one more lap, please go Swift just says go Reminds me of an old game. We used to do call death race Okay, so they'd have to get it to finish line while I get murdered All right, good job. Let's just turn around Just says go zero lap just freeze Larry the wife switches to both of you guys please stand over here I asked for zero laps you guys it point zero zero two laps Their violation of the rules so just as everyone else to the center You Be a race folks between you two person does a lap the fastest gets to live the other guy dies So does the police choose any of these white stripes that will let us stand on Yeah inside yeah inside inside track is good All right, you got the other guys have have melee weapons you know what I have a feeling things are going to I'll tell you I put it out of proxy mine right over here There are some guys to ride move away That's it you guys will run into this direction First person back in this crosswalk alive while staying on the route wins please be careful going around that proxy many mine I will be ashamed both for you guys died Any questions good switch versus go Go why remember the proximity mine Oh Just go down in the See if we didn't warn them Well, that's what was that for me Oh Yes the quieter side of the map here less death All right, let's see where I can go out of balance which is please wait Oh, yes, I can jump over that great There's you we ask these are for easy didn't so you're gonna demonstrate for us you can run over run Hmm All right, this one's easy you doing no problem. I want you to mad to lower this one Then mad to lower this one really easy switch versus go Easy challenge. Thank you all right Yeah, switches as a laptop shoulder do some slightly more involved All right cool last four people to crouch play No one's fallen for that I'm tired of these last person do whatever challenges just kidding switches as last four people to do it die Mm-hmm come on that one was paying attention Oh Oh I got stuck right All right good jobs for this Becca orange bandit flat oceans for the Z3 come on over All right you guys the last I know I don't know the the fourth person the first person was I caught the last three all right I Gonna play a little time management challenge for you three I said die, but like What I say died as mean we'll be in danger Guys get it All right same exact thing I just showed you One Do All right Simply the first part like the first two people to do three laps Oops Live switches let's go One's that Oh well two laps Oh This is why we finished the challenge All right, then it's the last number one all right Which does follow me into the garage here So just as pleased to run the toolbox area over here But we finished zombies last night I don't know All right cool Last person get up on top dies So it says get on top first and you lose I shout So does the shallopean excuse please follow me So does which direction is the sun shining from That way I need you to double check for me No wrong excuse you again Oh shame on me Oh I didn't reset I don't know Anyway last person crouch dies Swift says first person on top dies Swift says get on top Oh Swift says going to prom So if it says without getting up destroy all the glass above you You kept and nothing I don't know Doesn't matter the glass doesn't even break everyone's following me Okay Swift says please follow me you can stand up etc etc Okay go into the vehicle And they're really nerfed a lot of stuff from The Rebirth map all right that's okay I'll work with it Ah this works Swift says everyone Doggy style what's up man wait nozzling that locker bro That was just under the assumption that you were going to tell us the look at a locker Incorrect. What does this everyone? I'm a doggy style Oh shit Unload Wow, but you guessed correctly. So does this go grab your own locker Got a responsible group of players with the other still alive So does one locker per player you sharing the locker it's not gonna end well Oh We got a locker for everyone All right forks some of you guys are still gonna die Swift says take out the gun you have with the most penetration Oh boy, which is aim at your locker Byer five shots What's going on here Sam I fired three shots and then two shots You know why you're dead So far five shots Oh Elpen a tration over here what's going on one of these things made out of You All right, so it says no follow me All right, so it says laps your little shoulder I'm on this following cabinet. It's pretty cool I Let's go at these small surfaces that let's me do like a little mini games that I could do simply super dangerous And even if it goes completely wrong I some of you players left to finish the game This is what this for get up here in your safe go ahead Those you ask and shout out to join this game these games join our discord server to search Google or Bing or wherever search for Swift or discord and jump on in would love to have you guys on the server part of the community And that's how you get into our games So it just says crouch if you're on our discord All right stand up if you love tacos Monsters all right, so it says get on the following cabinet Five four three two one so it says freeze only two safe players ue and tl or they thought they were safe So it says ue tl point your guns at each other You All right, let's see here What do you call word that is exactly the same you know forwards and backwards Alan drawing palan drum there. Yeah, that's a good one there again. All right, switchers doesn't I say palan drum Guys will kill each other for example One bow Lousers Taco cat. Well, that's actually true Oh Hey, I'm safe for sure now all right, so this is the rest of you guys, uh, please stand on the yellow line Yep, any little yellow lines fine That's your grip. That's that one. All right, great All right, let's see what was the point of saying that the yellow line I haven't figured that out yet Swiftresses going to prone on that yellow line This many games no good Swiftress says everyone follow me Tiam will remain safe for the next meeting game though Oh Tragic got top of that huh Yeah, I mean that's what you got you to make it a good like multiplayer map right like I get it I hate to be a high stick on this map. Oh, we will be a quick one Oh Looking for a good surface And I failed to find this good service. Oh, please let me get on top. No Nothing man Let me climb where's my freedom Oh Wow All right Forget it forget it Real simple folks Now drop down a care package which says everyone will run to the smoke in the care package Which is look around you is the second one other person moves you can move first person to move will die So just yell on you stay out of this one Let's go somewhere so just follow me. Let's go to where some there's some light So it says go on the smoke on the smoke so just go Just closer to my god damn smoke It's closer Bro you can got much closer than that Oh, that was close wow And So questions I don't know I don't know it looks like there's a much caution there all right six players left time for the finale. So it says follow me So Going back to this bridge So it says actually because they're crosswalking we learned a lot of lessons earlier in the game I'm confident you guys will also I've got a cluster mine You're gonna be let's see somewhere with a lot of room Yeah right here Let's see you guys are at midnight it'll be at about eight o'clock That's not gonna go well anyway You guys don't have to rush Except that the last two people will die But listen I suggest you guys work as a team and you know like go into prone wherever you go I do to kind of diffuse these bombs or go around them wherever you go I do which is as you're gonna run Clockwise this direction And the first few people to get back here live last two people die Obviously, I'll adjust that for who's alive and who's dead etc etc Swiftress says good luck Careful that's where it is That's the law it's a cluster by this more than one Hey Say Congratulations to you are in the letter Yeah But hang on let's just make sure the route he took was a legal one Y'all that sounds good. Okay, that's legal. There we go. I didn't get that Yeah, I think like yeah, you those TN on brand. All right, y'all congratulations. Let's hear your victory speech So firstly shout out to my twitch TL in 1996 on twitch and exclamation mark TL in chat My YouTube shout out to backo in her husband six year anniversary Thursday So thanks to them grats and yeah, just shout out to everyone else in the chat much love to everybody single love one of you Excellent one final challenge Somehow get this church to murder me. I don't know if it's possible good luck. I gotta go fast Get idea there. All right, GG guys the join our games just find the swift swift or discord and join it link in the description See you guys there. GG Thank you Oh almost bad raise my right arm close