 Swift gooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 7 is head Well, what is up dudes! Let's get over some some some roll-lack This is gonna be a little bit different than the other ones we're in black ops to of course We're on carrier, but I need everyone to kind of set up. So get press start go to options and set your looks sensitivity To maximum, which is 14 And also set your target assist to disabled Well, you're done with that to spin around in a circle. Well, I'm trying to choose this course. This is trippy. I see PG as a way he's going to die. All right. My eyes can get in my way. All right, everyone's looking good. Great. Here's the way it's going to work, boys. You have a shotgun as your secondary or primary. Probably primary. So the way it's going to work is one time you go to the center. You're going to spin around with your shotty. And when you kill someone, if you get a kill, you take out your crossbow, you get to do it one more time. That's the way it's going to work. All right, it's like a bonus. It's everyone dying to meet you with a crossbow, you know? That's a bonus. All right. So let's see who's going first. It'll be closing my eyes. It's been around. The guy jumping around that doesn't really deserve it. The last Asian. Congratulations. Why last Asian? He's so lucky. All right, all right, all right. Last Asian boy, go ahead, pull up that shotty. Oh my God. Shotty shotty, shotty, shotty. Oh my God. Jesus Christ. You know what I said about him not deserving it? Yeah. That they're down. Last Asian boy, come stand right over here. Fire in the squad, fire in the squad, fire in the squad. Everyone, lap shoulder with me. I'm back over here, dudes. No, with me. Over here. Over here. Over here. No, no, no, no, you don't get to look the other way, Nasty Asian boy. Look at it. All right, I think I'm part of the answer. Everyone take out their crossbow. Aim it at Nasty. Fire. I guess. I guess. I guess. I guess. Good ridden. All right. Back into a circle, back into a circle. Let's try it again. Yo, I have done this. Thank you for the質. Grass to get on the partner status. All right, here we go. Let's see. Let's find someone else. I'll about you. Say hey, me, Ed, me too. All right. I trust that there's been a shotty and a crossbow so go for when you're ready. Shady and a crossbow so go for when you're ready. Oh All right, yeah, yeah, I'm ready. All right. Let's see here. We'll go Counterclockwise. So Furious you're up next. Go ahead Are you killed me? Oh Now that you've got to kill get to use the crossbow once. Oh right. Oh, yeah, I heard you. That's what we're doing it. Okay. Oh, right now I'm blocking a kill feed All right next up T-bone Shady first T-bone please. Oh my god. Oh Wow, that's quick. Oh, yeah, he's like let me get him and get this over with. Okay, here we go. Oh wait hold on Turn the cup T-bone out. It's a karma kind of game. She's a crossbow, please and Well, I killed someone with a crossbow. At least I missed. All right, Lonzo. Lonzo. Pitty. Pitty. Please don't kill your buddy Furious. Oh Ashes out. Crossbow, please. Oh God. Oh Nicely done man next Z-gunner No Better look next time Z-gunner next Corey Corey Oh, Liam's out Crossbow time, baby no Just off Wow Come on down Oh, no, his is looks like Firing squad I need to find something out hang on it spin around for me at full speed I can move the plank Sir sir I have a question for you Begin Predator excuse me if your name is predator, please go to options and examine It's what's the identity and 14 flight legit You're aiming in bro. No, I'm legit not even I'm not even And then your aim assist is on oh Okay, all right go back and You can Don't get to go again buddy. Yeah, there we go next up Chris you're up, man. Shady, please Shot wait wait is that that he has a shot in my bed. It go for it That's what you know that's part of the game. It's makes it hard all right You got to earn it Chris back in I Ran I ran away it's best to like What up to your turn? God it's so wield it Nothing I'm calling shots today All right stepping up to the plate shows what you got I died I'm gonna make it save for this moment Oh Who killed me okay, I'm calling it. I'm getting ready to No Please spin a little hey marker all right More that could be all right Let's make sure this video Yeah, we need ad revenue. I saw that It's PG Uh nasty Oh, you win about five other players Yes That's what happened. Yeah, you just watched the video from beginning when I posted all right Okay predator you can chill Oh Sit me left or Nothing Well you killed me you're earned yourself hang don't use it. Yeah, hang on. I'm so watch the kill cam You know no one lives forever all right All right go for a furious wake up man can I look at my specimens that are possibly hit Just been around a shoot man. I'm not not rocket science I was using him. Thank you very much predator. Sorry, man. All right next The dream rip the dream Oh We need to get a smaller circle We're fine. Thanks. Oh the shoddy's pretty gives a guy to sprite on it. We're fine The clouds are plotting against us I wish I was any curious Oh see man nearly Okay, there you go. I'm hitting someone. I can feel it. Oh Yes indeed, yeah, he goes That leaves killed you it's like a deficit What are you Those balls right at me I'm one date is like the black spot part Close very close Six players Oh, they are very off. Just a little on my script screen How about you let me run my game buddy boy Yeah, just give it your best shot just hold it steady Just spend a run miss and give someone else a turn Oh, yeah, that was good. You know, you put you did your best. You did your best. That's All right here Oh Team and okay, all right, all right I like that cross Z gunner furious almost dead You just call me furious Chris has got way with you know dude you get it you get a you know get across Enjoy it's your bonus Fairly Z gunner all right, Furious go away Okay Not quite but close Boom one lunch I do if brisket if you got knocked from the lobby. I'll pull you in after the match Me My brisket will please sound sexy for a moment. Thank you. Oh, yeah Taxi British might May we got the best tax and oh Corey with another kill all right all right and Top of the morning see All right, gentlemen, all right, gentlemen, we've made it Furious. We've made it all three of you guys alive I'd like you to get some grab Yes, they outside the circle Here's what I'd like you to do Take out your crossbow Two shots two shots three you have a lot of shots Lonzo Lonzi say where you are core. Of course got six shots Everyone's got six shots. All right. All right. I don't know here's here's what I like you to do You don't here. Let me go pick up this There we go. Yeah, I see three out of three well whatever if you don't have six shots total then then walk over somebody Sheffs Gavinger. Yeah, so For this one, so I mean a little bit chaotic And you have to pay very close attention when I ask you to stop because I need at least two players for the finale hopefully so What you're gonna do is you spin around in the circle when I give you the word and just keep on firing crossbow shots Try not to shoot at your feet. It's not good for your health So guys, please start spinning around It wasn't that but All right, keep on flowering now Oh I was wrong dead yet RNG baby it's a scot's will This is black ops scot's will Oh, it's right if you're out of shots. Wait Everyone's out all right, in that case same deal shotty. Yep, shoddy's go for it Spin You got plenty of range from there man Got stop stop stop stop there we go way to go Corey Corey's killed four people for his warriors kill five people Nessie's more killed four people but that's because he was a scumbag but all right I'm messing around nasty all right kind of Forrias and Corey I don't know you guys got some good luck today I guess RNG's on your side or maybe just you know maybe I should apply to be part of a Optic but yeah gentlemen Here's the deal we're not gonna do a duel this time. We're gonna do this one I want I want Corey head head to the other side other direction Keep your sense to be the way it is no aim assist It's gonna be easy one on one just go kill each other piece of cake Right now. Yeah, no, let's go for it All right No crossbows allowed all my training with Devon The intensity no giving away anything from the crowd thank you very much keep it fair. Oh Oh Oh You got Oh no, it's definitely less health We're gonna see it long range Lonzo range No, I want to oh there we go Furious gets it good shot good reaction right there. I would have one of them had good died by the way Where to go? Congrats to both Furious and Corey most kills. Hey good ending video guys We got to do more of these shotgun one on one. I really enjoyed them In the bottle of it like with the chicken You have your microphone open you don't want to go away your chicken make making recipe Elijah Hope your chicken turns out great. Do you guys Dude's as always thank you for watching my videos really means a lot I always want to share with you guys. I'm now officially sponsored by soilin. I don't get least two bottles a day It's a meal in a bottle tastes good Chocolate's my favorite flavor coffee original close second Links in the description for want to check it out make me look good and really I think you're gonna love it Chocolate all day baby. Thanks for watching dudes