 What's up everyone welcome to Swiftr says we're in La Cassa. I've been asked the comments to do a certain mini game Again and again. I fail the last few times. I try to try again. Swiftr says everyone in the pool Says make sure above water To says now Being the water you need a buddy to make sure you're not in danger So it says find one friend and look them in the eyes one of you guys will be alone You know Swift says once you have your buddy get out of the water and send next to the mong on land or whatever Buddy, there's a save There's one person now a buddy in which case you are going to be in trouble Finding a buddy. Oh, I was like, why did you leave great? All right? Who does that have a buddy? I funk up Are you guys are good wait, there's no way we have through There has to be at least one person. Yeah, there's a third player game I didn't sniper say he was rejoining wait sniper you're not back in the game yet I'm not back in You snapper don't worry man there we go So let's continue Swiftr says please play careful attention to what I'm about to tell you and command you Which is says look at your buddy Just look at your buddy's skin. So just look at your buddies weapon My game just memorize I heard you three John. Just look at your buddies weapon Look at their skin. I want you to be able to spot your buddy at any time during this game So just swap your weapon Great, just memorize that weapon memorize the skin the load out the attachments I need you to be able to identify your buddy at any time during this game. I Hear the fun part Okay, cool cool talk Swiftr says listen carefully. We're not done yet Now I said you're with your buddy. That was completely lies. What just says a Person you're with is actually your target So it says the next time I say the word the full word strawberry You will find your buddy and you will kill them you have to kill them using melee before they kill you understand Understand It's only when it's only when I say Swiftr says you can say the word if you want it doesn't that has no impact So it says what is the word I'm looking for Very good It says when I say that word stop what you're doing find your buddy and murder your buddy That is that can happen anytime during this game I'd like to believe I'm not to do that by accentate early on in the game can happen and do finishes come Dude just just melee them bro. Hey, let them all right. Thank you. Well, I questions not enough not so this is not if you understand But if you don't nod I will I will help you understand with a bullet does not if you understand The game I'm nodding as big as I can right there a big nods all around great great I'm sorry. All right. Here we go. Swiftr says one more time memorize your buddy Swiftr can we choose not to kill our buddy? Yeah, I sure he can just let them kill you sure You think your buddy's not gonna kill you. That's pretty funny. Hey buddy. I'm not gonna He is All right hang on hang on let me ask you question really quick hang on so you know me you play to another games Do you think that what do you think I would do if you and your buddy? Peacefully did not murder each other. What do you think I would do? I'm gonna kill both of you guys for being not fun. So be fun murder your buddy. There you go All right, no look look I'm not here. We're not here to make friends. We're here to have a good time Or I'm here to have a good time you guys. I don't know why you're here. All right great So it says good job memorize your buddy now. Yes, obviously we're gonna do other stuff and your buddy might die between now and when I say the magic word In which case just just stay safe. Hopefully no one stabs you by accident Great Swiftr says follow me. I'm going to West here This is like Squid games. You know, I've never watched Squid games and it's for a very very Egotistical reason. I'm a little worried that I watch Squid games when I steal like ideas from it And I'm very proud of my own ideas. It's a very like Egotistical thing. I like that Swiftr says this is is my thing All right, Swiftr says make your way to the west where the white van is we're going back over here. I'm sure it's a great show I just know what's gonna influence me I already know there's some red leg relays. Swiftr says left shoulder shoulder Just a reminder to you guys So the magical word oh wow well if they was your partner All right, thank you. Congratulations. Vap partner. You're now safe actually sort of says if you were vapes partner Please come on down if you know who he was No clue I know worries. All right, Swiftr says hang on sort of says sniper come on down sniper He got in late. You got nobody What how's the possible Dark Lord come on over man So this is dark lord come down Swiftr says There's a super-ox come on down Don't worry don't worry. Don't worry. Sort of says stop killing anybody It was super-ox and dark lord guys guys guys Guys, what does this dark lord super-ox come on sound in the squad don't worry we are forgiving for giving group today All right, so it says if you were murdered by these two guys by accident and they were accidents Please rejoin the game Barton uh and uh captain guy all right Dark lord super-ox mistakes happen. I know you guys are good dudes your games all the time So does everyone look at the remorse on their faces Well, Swiftr says a lot Thank you super-sister I'm so sorry Swiftr says why Jay come on down your blood thirst has caught the life of another player Don't he says I understand man. So does this some godly. Do you forgive him? Yeah, I didn't mean to okay. I mean you said if I gave you There you go. You shouldn't feel guilty about it anymore. So does godly. Please rejoin the game. Oh He forgave you. I didn't Swiftr says unload Forgiveness is very subjective guys never forget all right great By the way hang on I got to grab some water and use my straw to drink from it Oh Okay, that won't be remember I don't need to say Swiftr says if I say the secret word well less you go word the the keyword Great all right No, that's what's the thing you're gonna be there you go you you guys as much as you want man If you want to cause chaos you try and pop it out you get trying yell it out You know maybe you'll get someone cool The code is Swiftr says come over here if you ask what the word was No no volunteers all right to follow me inside Yeah, word of the name he me herman man I grew up with that stuff man Saturday morning watching that All right, here we go. So what does everyone on top of the table? I like this table it feels very very regal you know I'll never be able to afford a house like this Oh the camp you know right now all right Swiftr says get on this table which is Reese All right straw hat gang There you go All right last person to stand does You Great so just says laugh me. Swiftr says careful almost got you Yeah, all right no worries. Do you think all do you think I'll get you later Probably I like that attitude keep keep at it Swiftr says First person to stand up dies Got Oh, what's your name sir Swiftr says name Let's find out your name is Shiloh Pokemon Who's that Pokemon Shiloh Great All right All right last person to stand up dies To the streets I saw that I saw the hang on hang on hang on Swiftr says all right, Swiftr says if you stood up please come up over here If you want to try and trick me you can but if someone spotted you standing up behind you You're gonna get a free kill I recommend coming up if you're used to So it says oh I see one at least one person that did not come up I highly recommend to come So it says if you stood up I highly recommend you come up over here five seconds five four Three Two one all right great. So it says if you're still on the table and you know for a fact someone in front of you stood up so just stand up yourself and write them out for a prize Ah, Swiftr says what's your name So this guy this guy this guy for sure stood up For sure yes nice. Yeah, so it says sir. What's your name you've been accused of standing up Friends you go You're telling me you stayed in prone the entire time yes I don't know I don't know anymore. You know I like I like conviction. I like conviction conviction will take you far in life Is two plus three seven yes? You know it'll you know conviction can take you far So it's what does both of you guys go into problem I'm just trying to say that like I just want to accuse as you being the killer in a game and you say it's not you people will have doubt No matter how no matter how convincing the the evidence is it'll go like oh Maybe it's not they sound pretty sure themselves, but you guys over here All right you guys We're gonna have a little fun There are currently six of you guys up there in a few moments and not yet wait for me to say this with recess stuff You moments I want you guys to go from six before All right, remember if you there's more if here's a deal If it goes from six to any other number besides four players up there you all die Those switchers says go ahead talk amongst yourselves. What's the strategy here? Always my buddy up here, so I'm Who's sacrificing? Who's that? I don't know what you're doing. Yeah, maybe some people sacrifice each other We'll go to the stairs and go to the stairs. I don't know what someone's doing All right great All right great strategy All right, so what does this you guys got this figured out great sort of says you six turn it to four go Wow All right, so it's monstrosity with you kills Sorry, there we go good job. All right All right, so it says you more light up shoulder to shoulder let's examine our our survivors I just don't know teammates I'm sorry it's my first time That look like a one-shot Are you apologizing? No good good. I'm not apologizing for being a winner Never apologize for being a winner. He's no mercy All right, so it says name please Just put three I just don't my teammates That's okay don't worry about it look listen like I said if you're if your buddy is no longer alive You got just you know don't get killed. That's all don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. You know those are rules sort of says your name Oh, Drex. Yeah name I don't have to say so just tell me your name Drex Yeah, next name fallen yes next Monstrosity great. So it says everyone in this able in real life clap for these guys as well sort of this clap in real life I heard like four claps what that was really sad wow I can even clap with one hand you my head. There's no excuse there's no excuse all right anyway I'm sorry guys did not get the praise you deserve the four of you please return to the group Unfortunately only do what I say When I say swift recess Swift versus everyone please follow me My partner is gone. I have no idea where my partner is I'm more important. Mine is not that not that far from me I'm lying down in jayman Stroke lights oh I did I love strobe lights. I love strobe lights. I love strobe lights. Oh my god. Please stand on the edge of the pool anywhere you'd like So to stand on the edge of the pool don't go in the water oh shit I'm gonna dive into that. I'm gonna go over here, man All right, so just look around see if you can spot your your buddy. I know where mine is What does that if your buddy is alive beat up with your buddy Mine is dead. Oh, I don't mind it. Thanks in the heavens Hello buddy. I'm really sorry. My buddy is dead I think he's dead. What does that go to your buddy? We're in the same exact spot too All right, great Swift versus if you have no buddy In your life, come on over here Where's double check in? Where does this come on over to the cave here? Do you notice if you have no buddy come on over? Wow All right, so he says welcome. Swift says welcome to the buddy reassignment plan. Do you says please find the buddy a new buddy Do you want to go look at? Are there two people who are they? I don't I don't want to know Okay Okay Here we go. Swift says look. Oh, there's looking. There's a lock in the body. You're on the buddy We have a problem Look just somebody Look this guy there. There you go Great Swift says let's go to the buddy There's let's go through the buddy Clayton's programs. He says look at your buddy's weapon and skin memorize it Great, don't sort of don't swap it. You'll have to memorize it So does this pull out your secondary remember when I say the word you got to you got to use melee All right, so does the swap your weapon memorize that one All right, very good very good. All right, great All right, so those are your new buddies remember when I say straw berry guys could your buddy Very proud of you guys. You saw that coming. That's why you get that Beautiful beautiful. I'm proud of you guys. What job good job? So if you say slap shoulder shoulder Sorry, great job He said the thing Yeah, guys There we go. I don't know I just know everybody else died. All right. I'm gonna So what I call out your name you're gonna you're gonna jump in the pool you You one of you won your buddy and you won you were alert and you were ready. So it just has way to go. All right And those strawberries, you know, there's a lot players. I don't feel the calling area against every mud. All right All right, it's time. So does look at me It's time for a new buddy with a new keyword. Please find a new buddy and look at them in the eye What does this freeze? I did not say so just as you you You Who does you before come on over? I didn't say it's just fine. I knew buddy. Yep come on over So just let's go come on over Oh me. Yeah, I didn't move you didn't look at the guy next to you No, I just Don't make you conviction wins against because I saw you look at first. Thank you. It was come over. Oh, I did I saw Well, he did his job. That's we supposed to do I was looking at the person I was running I see you know, I'll be All right, great Well, yeah, I assume we'll be recording these we'll be live with these with these episodes Not only on tiktok and twitch and I really appreciate you guys watching But also assume YouTube once we have alerts working for it No more I didn't catch you whatever that was you know, hopefully it was just like you you forgot your microwave Or whatever all right great you three goofed you three from three to one go Oh Say I think I was ready to give some yeah man. Yeah, man. Give me everyone charcoal All right, you three you three the last person to pull dies go You know who he wants let it go twice Swiftress says you two guys look at each other When I say the word strawberry you two will shoot each other strawberry Did not say swiftress says there we go It's a dangerous game, you know, you know, it's a how always do you on your toes? I don't say swiftress says ignore it Ignore it All right, we are down to eight players eight players now. I want to hear some names, but so does what I look give you your name Stupid Henry cast Swedish chef Way to go way to go switch versus fall me while we figure out how to get you know the finale gung I'm two kills away from From a we caught trick so uh that's fun for everybody So just jump me under the gondolas. What does this take a seat? It comfortable Have a seat. Yeah, it's really comfy. Yeah, no problem On the job good job As a table that is not a chair. Sorry All right, so it says this may go very poorly. I've lodged in advance. Hold them back. Fuck going back. Oh look at that I was hoping it would like, you know, twirl around. There you go Oh, it doesn't hurt it doesn't spin that's too bad I Want to just fall in angel. I hope you have enough to share with everybody if not maybe meet your background for now Great No worries. What does says we have three designated areas over here to relax Ouch one couch two in the table to after says switch to another position As long as you're on different when you're good Ah, a lot more people on the center one Oh I was trying to get to the other couch All right now Listen carefully I asked you guys to move again The one The one with the second most players on top of it all you guys will will be punished If it's only people on two or one of the couches I'll come up with another punishment. I want people on all three But the seat with or the surface with the second most number of people will be punished ready set go Okay, man, you were just enjoying the breeze I hear you there. I hear you So if you have five seconds go five four three two One, so it says freeze freeze Oh, I think they might would you move all right, so it says you go on here. That's where you're going So it's stupid go on there. Yep. That's where you guys were going where the couch. Yeah, that's where we're going If you can get if you can get over there, you'll be safe. All right. Here. You go Let's count one two three four one one two three. Yep. Damage me again for you three you three kill each other All right, great. So it says You five so does you five please make your way to safety over here And I know clown is very uh Have to be skin wonder where the tip box is like Great. All right. I said you guys would get a punishment. I actually know. I need two kills two of you guys with the two kills I need for this beautiful Sentry turret so um Swift recess last person to go into prone dies Oh Oh All right first person to stand lives So just let's get some names. Let me see who I'm dealing with here Name sweet as chef. Oh chef and Captain Royale All right great All right great All right uh there is a tact 56 here that's pink. I think this may belong to cast Well mistaken Yeah, yeah, those guys. Oh, it's cast. All right first first person to pick it up lives go So if this is first person to pick it up dies go All right first person to pick it up actually lives go All right, they gave me bro like give me bro with these many games. I know I know I know Swift says follow me All right, the sentry turret now. Let's go Yay All right, Swift says we're gonna follow me Yeah, you know, it's it's it when you know especially when this fewer players left I feel like the tension tire right Like you're doing great. You're part of the final eight and and you don't want to goof up I understand I get nervous really easily without anything There's a game called starcraft or starcraft too. I played a lot of that back in the day No matter how much I played I have hundreds of hours in the game Any versus game I'd get I get nervous no matter what I never I never shook it. I don't know why I always I've won plenty of games, but I always like was tens high heart rate All right cool, so There's six of you guys It's time to choose a winner kill one other player You guys are too good for that. It's what just says don't kill one other player Why are you ducking You're ready for work I don't think that's gonna work look who's sort of backseat me on on turret placement. So just come on down So it says where do you want me to place this turret So where there's no where the person who the person who backs me the person said it wouldn't work. So does it come show me a spot where it works Yeah, good idea bro, you're gonna help me test it. Let me play the goddamn game. All right, here we go What Here we go There we go Swiftress says the last person get behind this truck dies go what I'm on Wow, there Who me I die you are the last person All right, you guys made that look easy great all right Why's my body like that though? This respectful Swiftress says last person behind this turret dies Huh, oh, I don't even know what that was Um, I know That's like if you know the rabbit All right, all right, Swiftress says the last person behind this column dies go Oh Captain All right, that was the last person I believe unless there's someone still running around let me take a look We only have three players left Yeah, Henry Alex and stupid good job guys Hang on good job. You survived. It's time for the real finale With a wheelson You guys love the wheelson Swiftress says follow me you guys can safely follow me though a turrets pointed elsewhere. It's time. What game are we playing? Is hella kill it could he adventure FPS welcome? We all right game Modern warfare too All right It's already yourself over Okay, cool So just says you three finally if you guys have played a you already gone trail least crouch No one oh my god Sad all right in Oregon trail it's basically a game of like you know going from one part of the America to another and you can't roll a lot of challenge you have to hunt for your own food you could But lots of stuff It's great. I always died of the century the joke anyway You guys sometimes you have the cross the river and sometimes you made it and sometimes you did not Just says I'm gonna give you guys a raft I wonder if the branch is gonna be So just says get on the raft Oh All right great here's how it's gonna work guys All you gotta do is survive until I make it to the other end of the river here Oh Hang on There's another one Look it's very simple once Once you're the raft touches land We're a lot to jump off the raft and lay the other player those are rules understand once The raft a wheelsome oh god, right touches the floor land you can jump off the melee other player get ready Want to stay on here jump off it's up to you here we go and I Didn't it didn't I'm sure I did so still in the water I touched it. I don't think he even said that he's with her says let's see I did No, let's say I did sort of says let's say I did Games over stop running my stop running my outro leave it for the youtube comments Alex congratulations, man Alex congrats What's your shout out Explanation mark out styles in the chat and shout out to you in the community. Thank you, man Can we get an exclamation mark Alex style the chaperun GG guys That's a super says I don't know I felt like I did GG That was a lot of fun GG