 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says just do what I say when I say Swiftress says for example I say Swiftress has jump you jump Oh I'm sure that was a mistake we're gonna let that slide If I say Simon says crouch you don't crouch Simon says crouch So if it says place following No worry guys, what's your name sir? Is it your first time playing today? Oh, that's pretty bad That's okay you have two options We can use the democratic way people will vote whether you get to live or die or two you can do a challenge You choose a vote or challenge Challenge that's a smart move these guys would murder you instantly all right, so please follow me So I fear challenge sir All right, so Either challenge all you gotta do. Well, let me make sure I can do it first. What is this wait right here? I failed that challenge, but you know I'm confident that you could pull it off Well, you got to Is jump from here into that roof Swiftress says if you touch the floor, it will murder you Swiftress says are you ready? All right, you want it. I'm gonna get a running head start bro. You don't have to do it from all the way over there Now before you start man hang on I'll confidence you feel about this on a scale of one to ten I'm sorry to good better than I expected good good good good all right Swiftress says you can begin whenever you're ready All right drift good try good try all right now Now Swiftress says just for fun there's no reward in fact no one should say yes to this I I just want me You know what no need for a vlog to your guys You drop the bullet bro, but you know what man? It's just warm you just do the exact same challenge. What's your name? It was a good try I agree crystal was a good try All right, so now how about your confidence skill one to ten I Nine that's what I love to hear Swiftress says whenever you like just make the jump we'll move on with the game The skins do change because of memory management in the game Swiftress says go whenever you're ready I Don't know he was on the floor he was on the floor his feet test the floor. Yeah, I know all right Now now I'm gonna give a reward If you believe you can do this challenge Don't come with me yet And you can perform it. I will leave you to choose any two other players face off in a one-view-one melee battle Swiftress says the first person to crouch gets to attempt it All right right there I saw you what's what's what's it in yeah Yeah, let's go Wait, is this one? Yes, this is he you believe in two all right all right So does this fun come on over man some fun your company can pull off this challenge I believe I believe it's been done before it might be a dolphin die situation. I'm not too sure So we're not gonna leave right oh you are you're absolutely there's risk oh You can't take back You know, oh my god you If if I'll say what If someone else wants a substitute for you, I'll your off hook and they get the challenge Which is says if you if you want to volunteer to take funks place come forward Please take it a rest there. Yeah, what's your what's your name? Sorry, silly. All right, fun. You can go back to the lines. Just sell you're up You got bailed out bro You still want to do a fork no you didn't say so what to say oh yeah, so does this fun? Return to the line All right, so yes as is taking the bullet for you or it'd be pretty hilarious We did this need choise you to fight someone else anyway. I'd look I don't know all right. So it says silly whenever you're ready man Oh I everybody let's go All right, so it says So it says once uh, silly chooses you you will come up to me over here. So it's a silly. Please choose two players Oh, well, it's obvious. I'm honking shotgun baby Oh So silly second silly are our human resource department just reached out to me It let me know that just a reminder that's it's Martin Luther King day today and maybe I Choose another Come on, shotgun let's knock this out I don't I'm just I'm just saying You know what you know I Wait, hold on wait, I don't have that idea I chose these why it's because I have a dream So this is all you're with a lot before you can be banned. All right, whatever All right, all right, so fun shotgun you have been selected All right, all right, so it says you too can mutually agree on the terms of your your duel over here All right, meet in the middle. It's meeting up. But you better not melee me meeting the middle. No, no, no, no, stand back. No, stand back. Shake Okay, okay All right, now you're gonna stand over there now all right there. Okay, I know you trash at a melee and so I Suggest we pull out Swifter I got disconnected. Oh Please All right, so go ahead guys On melee or primary sure, but I would like for for shotgun to also agree to that you want to pull Shotgun yeah, we can do a poll we can do a poll all right Because he want to melee he's trash at his primary. He knows that is most search and destroy We he has no situational awareness All right, great. This is gonna be quick one guys. You know, I can't say what I want to say P for primary and for melee this vote works on tiktok twitch youtube everywhere everyone's votes count If you want change your vote you can Oh, they won't shock me. I'm gonna messed up They were oh if they've made no if they do may they want to win this I have faith in shotgun. Yeah, I don't have faith in shotgun. Do you never play search and destroy with this man? I have my good mo Yesterday I was in the small bite Well, what is her key in the middle? Yeah, I'll see shotgun you're done I use a knife for fucking wanting But got already ah So I switch I said the effort there. Yeah, okay melee melee Is the terms of the arrangements okay, all right if swift allows it. I'll take shotguns place. Okay hang on hang on Okay, we'll take shotguns place Sam will take shotguns place what the fuck? Swift or allows it look It's up to both of these guys No Sorry, that's what shut down these we usually read upon this is a convict if you want if if he's got a lot of champions I want to allow it but that he said no, it's been shut down. All right very bold very very bold to be all right All right, so this is I want to get the shotgun shot. I'm gonna let the man talk. Oh here we go I'm ready all right It's it's real simple. Oh, so swift is this when I fire my gun you two can begin melee only I'm and isn't a single blow and it's gonna be faster than life Bay 10 That's why I want to have a dream and shotgun was the winner All right, okay, I can graduate all right, so okay, you do get a reward for that winning that one shotgun Shotgun you can say no if you'd like, but just a shotgun you can choose two people for one more One more one V1 melee is we just do it really quick if you'd like choose any two people you'd like Hmm, I would choose from a list here. Let me get Banner okay, why did I know it was gonna be me And wait math great master go And right master to come on down there are no there are no rewards from this. This is simply for fun. Sorry boys Uh, it's Martin Luther King Jr. Day. I don't know why these two were picked Well, there's a solid come on down your part of this All right, only one of you guys will survive this I like this Swift says melee only between you three there is no reward for winning except staying in the game Swift says listen for my gun shot them begin You Should kill solid you don't want to put us up here shotgun why you didn't even say Well, he's up there Y'all should double team solid That's not very nice Oh Tojo y'all should a double team but Swift says good job solid please return to the line Thank you sir, he just got four of us three of us killed yeah There is no justice no, it says everyone follow me Oh All right switches is please lap shoulder shoulder in front of the burning building All right cool so sad for danger Oh Box somebody might not talking what Swift says no gunfire is allowed Swift says last three people on top of their die good luck I Our ballot sacrifice themselves so that you guys could live both of you guys All right last three up What for one of you guys get up that Uh, you're stop blocking the way y'all it makes a room No shotgun a little like you about to meet your demise. So if you says freeze So if you says freeze Long enough that's all right So it says the five of you please follow me I only said three of you guys would die and I'm gonna I'm gonna stand by those words Yes So it says five you please stand over here So it says the show this shield must be on your back in terror time. Thank you All right, I only said three of you guys would die that means I want you when I give you the word Turn this group of five and a group of two Swift says no Swift says oh Go Oh All right Sort of a psych stone or wait both of you guys killed people. Oh wow, that's unfortunate So does both of you guys I did not say Swift says go yet so Wow Swift says the time it's rejoined the game. So it's gd come on down I'm so sorry. No worries man. You're gonna make up right now Don't worry bro. It's just a game. Not a big deal. Not a big deal. Swift says everyone else aim at these guys Remember don't fall for the same old tricks boring only do something when I say Swift says You guys did not so these guys are now going to unload See they learned Swift says unload There we go The job everyone Second floor of the burning building please Swift says go That's a lot of you just said he never actually fires your firing squads. No, I agree with you. Really watch her Like a man I out for that So it just doesn't said the burning room police more More dramatic I'm on my way up. We all that Burning buildings sir Cool smoke detector isn't working We'll get the battery swap of that right away thing All right, so does grab any hug any wall in here. So does this grab hug any wall Great You Last person out the window dies good luck Swift says last person out the window lives go Swift says you agree please that shoulder shoulder Let's have a discussion So if I said Swift says last person out the window lives Lappens everyone else jumps out the window I'm looking for ideas What's that what's that what's the idea Which is you three kill each other So He was the last one out the window too The window All right, so it says it works about the window The shower I have permission to join my internet just what's your name sir Uh, Swift says yes, we Jordan very quickly. So it says follow me All right I haven't killed enough people unfortunately guys Where's ghost ghost Yeah, turn around yes, so does the sir stop get um, so does that sir Sir's turn around yes, who are you? I couldn't find you name, please Atomic's wave bro took you five years to find this bro. There's a time. It's coming to me man. You miss an entire mini game He did so does the time. You have to must earn your way back into the game Allow this mini game. All right. No, we're just gonna. Let's me have fun mini game for us to watch Swift says everyone else laps shoulder shoulder needs an opponent Uh great All right, Swift says last person crashes the opponent Wait Swift says come on me. What's your name? Okay Name, please I have to all me dude. This is really simple guys Um, so you guys know how our bounds works right like if you're out of bounds for one of three seconds you die But if you leave the area for a little while the timer does reset So the first person The jump out of bounds and touch the floor and come back three times lives the other guy dies That's a rule But you don't want to do it too fast because you'll just die from the timer not resetting You guys understand the rules? Yes, great. Yeah, Swift says go One oh you messed up Two Two Hey, you died you could take all day. Yeah, yeah Success there. We go good job. All right, Swift says return to the line, please I am coming in now All right Swift says last person to stand dies Name, please Uh, it's Dalton Yep It's okay, you know, it's a latency thing right like I may have to look at the latency. It's probably tied to that All right, for example last person to crouch dies Swift says freeze wow No, no, no, no, no you guys give your soul you What's that Was it him All right, so just you please just everyone who crouch come on over Everyone everyone All right, guys, we're playing the exact same game again So just this pick your part of the fence So just start with start in the floor, please The first person to successfully jump over the dodge the ground three times gets to live everyone else dies Swift says begin One Yeah, I went too fast your dad All right, so you and you get some sleep, bro Swift says you to stand over there Was rest of you guys All right Charles you're out of the game for too long my friend. Swift says follow me Both these guys it very well you get to choose one for a rematch What are their names you can ask them what is your name sir You're original Reginal what's your name Bing bung we got a regional all right So ask them based on their name what was the was a strategy there I Tried to do what exactly so does both of you guys come with me All right, so Charles the case he missed the way this game works is the first person jump over the wall And then come back three times Gets to live the trick is Takes time for the timer to reset if you do it too quickly you're just gonna die from the out of bounds timer So you basically want to take a breather If they do it faster than the other guy you guys understand Yep, Swift says go One Oh Oh Back all right We have six players left Swift says follow me It's a good mini game isn't it good mini game if you include me So it just says all of you guys please on this pile of planks or whatever you want to call it I would seven Some people All right, let's see your hmm I Don't like odd numbers kill one person please Swift says I need to kill two people to get my sentry turret and that'll be our finale anyway So Swift says laps shoulder to shoulder. Let's do something unfair to choose a player On the box. Oh on the floor Don't worry about it man things just sort themselves up Um um um um um um um all right. Let's see here Swift says if you're on Xbox crouch So it says if you're on PlayStation crouch You're on PC jump Good move what So it just a stand-up So it just says if you're on PC crouch There we go So it just a stand-up All right, this will be a sudden different values for everybody for example If you're on Xbox jump once From PlayStation go into prone Around PC turn around Hope you're paying attention switches as go Y'all Y'all goofed What did I say Xbox jump Mm-hmm All Xbox players come over Y'all are embarrassing us man before through his presentation guys Ah All right, it says five you follow me I hesitate to take these things Well there be a mon or three Swift says uh I do have to go through this almost every video by understand I love mon warfare three for the maps and then the names on people's heads which is nice But apparently mon warfare three as of this recording. It's not an issue where you can only have private games with 13 players As I understand it. It's like a server side issue And they have not had time to fix it yet when they do fix it. We will go back into mon warfare three um Daily basically All right So it says what says the five you please stand over here You guys have plenty of opportunities here to take cover on the street. It'll be a central trip Let's take cover they go from side to side And the first person Stand behind me is the winner when you stand behind me. I will die before you do Got it The more time The literature will be put right over Actually, no, it's too easy In terms here shoot shoot shoot you're safe There we go oh That danger is what put it right here, huh Very dangerous I think to be good over here You know what that many game sucks. Oh, oh never mind I put it down What All right, so it says you're the rules So it says you must touch the white car Then get behind me so that turret kills me before it kills you if you do this you're the winner. So it just begins Oh Who's up behind me Who's a winner I can't Lightning another win There we go there we go Good job. Good job Great game great game good game guys Look at the second place. I think let's just shout out And now leave but uh Shall we do you shoot 50 and shall we do sniper for playing with me today? Hey there. There you go