 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says we have another extra large lobby today Swiftress doesn't want to say hello to the beautiful people watching There you go to the people out there that are beautiful sorry guys you don't get a hello today So it says I want to crouch. Oh, I'm lucky sir. Yeah Looks like everyone's here except for Stone donation shadow beast and you're reason you guys didn't want to crouch Well Jumped off the map Armored please rejoin and back guys what is a stoner shadow beast up there please But my lot to rejoin or not is that toast? Yeah, I just told you to rejoin buddy. Oh You don't know hey Darky, so this is come on over. We want to join too So does make your way up over here If you want to join the death party, please stand up No more volunteers cool you three kill each other Yeah, I wouldn't do that. I'm out of that. This word like to win something game. Why don't I tell you three Swiftress's kill each other Oh Doesn't mean he did he survived the stoner please go back to the line be more careful Bro is shooting at the crowd. So if it says stoner return to the line Great Time for the dangers part of the game Swiftress says everyone please carefully stand on the fence behind you if you jump out the map you can't rejoin There's no rejoining from this point on Be careful be careful Any any point of the wall There's always war between next Oh Great Swiftress has turned around and you know embrace that beautiful JPEG of you right there. Oh I Mountain stop PNG. Oh, baby All right great last person will give me dies Hey, baby Hulk oh, sort of baby Hulk You fell off the fence Oh, it's okay, man, you're forgiven Swiftress. Let's go back on there All right, you're not the hook though Super nox having some problems man some stick drift stick drift. Yeah, stick drive to absolutely Here for me, Mack, you're jumping to the left. Swiftress says stop Swiftress is look at the person on your left Who's this toaster took you that one to rejoin? Yeah, I got really bad peaceful That's way a little mini game here. So Swiftress is over toaster you have 20 seconds to get on this fence good luck All right, that was easy guys are nice to great Swiftress says when the person in front of you jumps you jump I want to do this fast though, so don't take too long All right Swiftress has feet for jump once You speed it up boys Yes, there we go. Yeah, we go It's the wave Oh, don't jump in your ass post you stupid face air and I saw it bro Get a little too excited there buddy Maybe Hulk that was a very strong delay man strike two for you Oh three strikes All right, the person behind you jumps you will also jump shotgun switchers has jump Didn't say switchers has that Great All right, Swiftress says look at me on top of the street All right, this is gonna be unfair to most of you guys But to make it fair I'm gonna pull it approximately mine Right there. There's also a safer way to get up from this fence over here anyway Besides the last person that roof dies. Yeah This is my proximity mine be careful No, it doesn't go good get up there I was on the yeah Last person on the guys Watch your language to family channel asshole Friendly bro Hey group of the funny oh It's all looking too good to you To me Oh, you know what chance for survival Yeah, the only challenge So just you Please stand on this fence over here All right, all you gotta do And I tried to sell it earlier I did the second time I tried I think you'd do it your first But I give you the words gonna run on the fence non stop There'd be some tight turns over here that you can make And all you gotta do is not fall off either side By the time you get to the end, which is all the way over You can't see me. What's at the very end here? Yeah, all right great All right, switcher says if T.L.M. Does fall off you guys should shoot him All right, switcher says T.L.M. whenever you're ready good luck running non stop All doing with this all w So I can really get And pass there you go Congratulations. All right, all right great Hey guys, sir galaxy Hey guys, we're just stop Galaxy Sandman both of you guys fall on me So it's a Sandman galaxy both of you guys come with me You guys revolve on tyranny go ahead sure All right, you guys will something really exact same challenge All right The galaxy all the same rules apply you know if he falls down you shoot him Like it is run to the end so after says galaxy go Oh No I said man all right, man. So it was the same man whenever you're ready Easy easy easy you could do is it He's looking real good here looking real good looking real good It's coming my brother He made it all right good job Good job. Good job. All right. Does anyone want to do just for fun? So it doesn't be like do that for fun with the risks of dying come on down It is a great time. All right, anyone else is come on down you might die There we go. I want to do it All right, three two one. That's it. All right, so there's no more volunteers This is all of you guys beginning to line over here. You guys just go one at a time All the same all the same rules apply there's no prize. We got a little bit of limelight switches as SM whenever you want to go Wow look at that professional Almost there You're almost there you are at the end now for sure. It was easy, bro. So it was a CB back A quick note to all remain contestants a chest bump at the end is optional and not required All right, one of the lightposts bro and fucking push me off I'm not gonna be a YouTube show now. I'm not gonna be a YouTube show. I don't know All right It's got you can't have the line aside don't shoot All right, we have two more left all right, so it says Aaron whenever you're ready I don't need all the lightposts try All right You did it you did it good job All right, yeah, I'm saying man goofy. Let's go actually know what hang on I don't look fun for love you guys. I'll take one more round of volunteers. Come on down if you want to play Yep, okay, come on now. Oh you all Is there a word you're gonna get a gamer? I didn't say switch to says oh No problem to sneak a game with me man. Look, I'm not gonna kill you for that. I didn't say switch to says But it does mean it's gonna be a little harder for you So it just get on the fence All right, so just look towards where you need to go So it does not load turn around So just do this back No talent. So does this do it backwards. No talent. Go for it You can do this it's not that it's actually probably easy running that stuff Nope, nope It's easy for you Just keep walking just keep walking Right over here So that's just embarrassing y'all could I do a looking Super says well, yeah, you never do a full speed. No, it's hard. You know what? It's stupid come on down All right, I'll tell you what I'll tell you what I'll tell you what it's your option. You want to do it forward full speed or backwards full speed Have a do backwards The choice Backwards full speed meaning you can't stop you sure That's just a really bad idea All right, there we go. All right, swifter says go whenever you're ready I'm stupid. Don't have that manner. Let's do great. Oh, yeah He did it all right You're fine bro, you're fine Swifter says everyone please follow me You guys are into breaks, so does everyone please have a seat in the restaurant SM did you get punched off by that one light post like at the end? Yeah, so they're going to be yeah I was surprised I was just surprised by Is it so easy? Swifter says you must be on a chair So many shoes Not Have no seat please stand up over here Oh, oh, I'm lander. This is over here if you have no seat Oh Well give to obviously get on that chair and stay there or you can or you can drop off and die or you can go over there three options We feel coming on that falling off there all right Good job So it just says Jack we falls off that chair shoot him All right Everyone's on chair bro And I changed my mind SG you want to chair All right, where are you gonna be where are you gonna be in five seconds? So it says right over there, sir. Thank you All right, so does everyone crouch So does that stand up So it says jump once Ah So it says turn around 360 degrees Ah Oh good feet All right, you have SG and arm toaster over here. I've gotten echo. I've gotten echo. I've got echo from shady stuff That's let's meet that backup stop echoing as G all right, so is SG and arm toaster. Please look at each other I'm gonna find a menu for this place hang on Okay What's on the menu Oh So this is no one please come up over here Oh, yeah, sorry, sorry, no, you're dead my bad no, no, go anywhere. I'm sorry send my trip. Please come on up Trip trip come on up So does it you two go go stand somewhere else He took two stands somewhere else go go leave drop fuck What happened there man Main weapon to zoom in and then now you zoom in with your left trigger Well, then I switch back to my knife thinking I could zoom in and when I hit left trigger You know I hear you I hear you I hear you I know a problem listen Noah you there Yeah, I'm here Noah his life is in your hands. So does everyone aim at real trips head So does everyone crouch except for real trip Now now Noah you heard his explanation it sounds like it was a mistake You believe it was mistake or intentional mistake All right, what that said the next five seconds Which is says if Noah says fire you guys will unload five four three two One zero stop No, you let this man on the boring young Okay, that you know maybe the future generation there's hope after all So there's real trip how do you feel about this? I love you guys Oh, these guys wanted to shoot you so bad. No, I would say these guys I One more one more one more question one more question real trip Yes, if you'd like I'll kill you right now and Noah can rejoin the game. It's up to you You accepted Oh No, I'm saying you can exchange your life for the guy you killed to rejoin the game. It's up to you. Please. I'd know one That was the right answer congratulations. No one rejoined the game you passed the morality test. Where'd he go? How do you go? All right Wow, so there's a real trip you would choose to sacrifice yourself to make it a mistake after you spared your life That was the right decision. So it says real trip. Please go back to the side Yes There you go the right choice the right choice this game some games we don't do that some games get punished for being nice All right great that said put on the table or die. So just go Oh wait, what makes face makes face makes face I feel good gamers and season books Oh You know, so it's real trip. Please make your way over to me over here Oh my god, you're just left off the hook bro. You really just did that again You're left the hook bro and now you're back Please All right, you said one place wait second All right real trip everybody stand all right hang on trip Did you did you do the exact same thing again man did you ADS and swing your knife at him? I'm look I'm in a bean bag. I'm hitting the jump on over and over trying to get man. I'm sorry. I'm in another mistake Just kill okay look it's not no we're gonna the same same thing there's no there's no There's zero chance of you come back in the game so it's be that we straight that that feel a good moment I just made there that's that that's not happening again. Oh no Switcher says Switches everyone to your original positions Go back just real trip back to the center. It's judgment day again It was a scratch game and it's like we see this before very Yeah Very do you believe in forgiveness in real life? Do you feel I'm forgiving like do you forgive people? I do forgive people but it seems to be so you so you're willing to give second chances Mm-hmm you said you forgive me unless that's a second chance Maybe a third chance is all you're saying you don't believe in third chances Yeah, hang on who's that over there's that sort of no please come over here man. You don't want to be there All right look real simple Barry I want you to make sure you're triply sure That you want this man to die. Oh, I'm very so just as well I'm sorry for you So you said what you said if Barry says encyclopedia Britannica five times you'll kill real trip so just as we begin What encyclopedia what encyclopedia Britannica? Yeah, don't worry. It's a slight clipedia Britannia encyclopedia Britannia encyclopedia Britannia encyclopedia Britannia encyclopedia Britannia Oh Daddy's dead no, I don't think I think we should keep firing I'm not coming back. I'm not you are not Sorry, man, but you can hold that you know we got a little bit revenge I'll take it. I'll take it. Yeah, actually He has gone on the table over here first person grab it gets to play special mini game go ahead Just come on over brackets my lord So just pick it up man I didn't say super says but we're gonna play the mini game man brackets do consider yourself a half-decent player No good sort of says stand up if you believe you're an excellent player Sam make come on over Look at that sweat look at that man come on over Okay, please kill brackets please kill Sam man Yeah, you get you get you get to choose the terms of engagement here you can choose melee Uh gunfire maybe lethal's only you don't even know what he has so I don't know it's up to you man It can be bluffing man he can be bluffing Why is it flow brackets what do you how do you choose to do battle with this man What's that Okay secondary is only he got no pistol oh I like that. Signary is only that no no no no no no no no no No he said secondary is only that's actually pretty smart. He's got a chance against you All right, so it says you too come on me Oh, it's brackets stand over here There's a sad man stand over here on this side All right, look at the map and get a sense of you know the building your next two right No, that the player is straight across from you The only rule is no collateral damage meaning you can't hurt anyone else including me Otherwise secondary only so if there says go Please kill Sam man Yes, please Stay mentioned for the been dude Can't tell where he is he's to your left Oh Think about that Oh All right Swiftress says everyone come with me we're going to the east. What's up sir Oh, you can you can rejoin for For Border Patrol this game won't last much longer man You cannot rejoin you can do I have for Border Patrol man All right This is the guy I Oh body actual drop approximately All right, so there's those please observe me outside the gondola Walking over here and I'm walking over here. He's a cake So no, where Swiftress says we're gonna have two on one-on-one races Swiftress has make two single file lines in each side Oh, it was easy. I took my time there. I walked and walked back piece of cake You know Controller is in big trouble. Yeah, sorry Bro, what do you mean to try to be a kid? You know, so I'm following the line man. What's going on? You said two single file On the same line on each side sir look at the other side of there. Okay. Okay. I'm sorry Hey sg get in line All right great Swiftress's first player is each line get on top Your goals to get to the tip top and then come back alive That's it Swiftress says the first person back lives the other guy dies real simple We're going to it at times. So don't don't get on top yet. Boys get back. Yeah, get it down get down You're too eager to eager our first player is a band in stinky Swiftress has begin He didn't go with the top All right next we have band in slaper offense. I want you got to touch the tip and then come back All right Swiftress says begin Not you band it. What what Oh I'll call that tie. So does both of you guys leave go go go inside the guy the whoever is All right, so just went twice with the just say you know you did say The second time so I just went again. What do you want cookie? So does that man so donation? So does go You move Once you complete your challenge, let me go inside the gondola All right Swiftress says I don't need to use Swiftress says for the rest of this challenge All right Syrian broken go All right doggy style baby Hulk go Oh, you didn't touch the tip sir you didn't not see into that sir that was not that was not the top Next TL and Bscaming go What's the evil Next All right, evil Jimmy and Jack Go come on Jimmy I have to give it to the evil Unfortunately Banana go Next game stupid and bar poor stupid all right All right Or does you know you're a little more than behind where stupid is How to sleep it Snapple fans bow stop mini modding All right, no offense stupid but Bart's my boy. I gotta gotta roof from ready set go Oh Yeah, that does Really? The only requirement is to touch the tip that's it. Yeah evil Jimmy did the same thing stupid you gotta accept your death bro stupid Please please say hello gravity stupid what Ha All right buffalo and gamer SG go All right next up scuba and attacker ready set go come on Oh I gotta fix my All right next up we have feet been Dalton Go I'm gonna make way good By default I guess go inside go inside if you were successful please Next no and toaster go No God touch the tip boys You gotta touch the tip respectfully big dog and Ellie You gonna touch tips bro ready set go Oh Both of you get back over there neither touch the tip I want the tip touch I did it I walked there it was fine you could run there okay touch the tip sort of says go There you Didn't touch the tip but the other dude died so Yeah, I don't know all right drummer and dark lord ready set go That's green bro next new moon and code expert ready set go no moon Oh nice Brought to be caught expert Thanks to crab low versus phantom go Oh All right next up we got robbed and uh All beat me go All beat man yeah, he likes old beat You just jumped off All right next super knocks and Liz go Super oh He wasn't on top of the railing he wasn't on top No he was on the side Well make him make everyone else what Actually, I know we have All right McCoolman new eat other side please I Don't mess it up I'm not good at this I'm not as cheap as you were full man ready set Guys from McCoolman's girlfriend gentleman ready set go Go Irish man go Oh Next up shotgun and you Yeah ready set go Let's go I know Oh I'm tight more walking tight Yes, if you're watching on tiktok uh you can turn it landscape you can see the full screen tiktok Good job old sweet Good for this All right good job guys y'all survive that harsh mini games who just has fallen me please You have six minutes left so things are about to get a little bit Yay all swift to four life All swear Lord all swear Lord is life I don't miss about that jump into the corner I like it brother Oh I wish I was part of this Damn it I wish I was part of this challenge Yeah I hate it Damn it you can make it you can make it Yeah, I saw Tiana do it earlier You can make it Yeah, we don't have enough time for another one by one challenge this is gonna be a little bit more chaotic Him All right, is everyone on top of there It's just you must be on top do your best No one does this guy It's pretty move over I think that's not good I can't make any move inside All right no one room No No problem Swift says it went off there. Swift says everyone on the bridge behind me No problem This next mini game only works Swift says you must be on the bridge floor Swift says you must always be standing There we go Great, oh get on that bridge floor All right Oh So it's just gonna look around you So it just says you must be always be standing So it just says you cannot get off the bridge So it just says huddle into the middle Is it believ som time? No good luck Oh wow what oh my god Oh my i used to do this I looked away Oh wow wow wow I was bad Well be be That was not the shock stick bro That was not the shock stick That was that was it was I didn't have it Shocked It says you six I'm back on top of that thing that should be room now Oh Been a while in a wall so we shocked sticked right my no First time was markedly See we're gonna send man evil Jimmy snap prevents Ellie SG and FIFA I think it's doing fun for the finale Tofus has dropped down one level You're the rules you cannot fall off you are a lot to climb To be melee only That's it we're gonna get a winner that way when I climb up at the beginning you can but remember when you're mentally exposed You can also try and create some temporary lines if you'd like so just feel free to discuss with your your neighbors now This is how you this is the winner of the game by the way Hey, Sandman team up with the evil Jimmy Gloucet Okay, no why am I all right now that you guys have a girlfriend get ready? The The danger is about to begin I feel bad for and sniped with the sword Swifter says go last two live wins Wow Stratiacly what's the play here? SG has rain Right See that's your fault for killing me Evil Jimmy left his wife's side and then ran around the corner Well played you will Jimmy well played well played what's your victory speech? Thank you Um, that's everybody in the lobby good game. Thanks for switching to host them. Thank you. GG man All right, great game guys You want to join these games join our discord server? discord.gg4tslastsweftore you to search google for swiftore all right GG