 What is up everyone welcome this whifter says so it says crouch if you're ready to play Stand if you're ready to die So it says stand if you're ready to die Oh Sorry All right look I said ready to die doesn't mean you're going to die right ready This means that you're willing to give your life for content correct Right, what's your name You're Been hunting climb up to your name sir There we go, so just this please follow me dude So it doesn't want you to stand on this little wooden board right there There you So it says everyone aim in our friend wait why'd you get off You Yeah You may survive this you said the trust me okay So if this is everyone aim at him Yes Oh Oh, yes, so come with me sir what's your name sir? Your name your name Chris Chris Chris come with me So does this so come with me Can't make this shit up nope, so just as attacker rejoin the game So just says hey these two guys volunteer to take your place. So let's return to the line Good job, man, look at that. You know, I appreciate you guys, you know, I knew you guys have a purpose. You know just so you can kind of I don't you know Get him off the hook all right, so just everyone stand up So just as aim with these two gentlemen So Just as are you two ready? Yes, good So it just says you two kill each other Written to serve that one So it says attack are you back in the game? Yeah, I'm loading up great So it says everyone please follow me We ain't doing I love you brown. What's up now you bring it up why not? Just cap You like Go I just you guys out of all fun All right, look We just make sure I can do it myself first one two three look the game this map is so old everyone can do this for sure All right All right, so it says everyone laps your little shoulder over here You Shoulder shoulder please switch this shoulder to shoulder All right, so what does this freeze switchers stand up Now a lot of you guys are probably pros of this I know some of you guys maybe if you're on controller or keyboard You don't feel so too comfortable with parkour if you'd like one practice run with no risk please come stand over here now Hey, what else come on over come on over. Yeah, there we go. There we go. There we go Super says I did not say switcher says you guys are all All right Honestly, what can I just do a silence at you shooting me? Oh my god Allow suicide in the game I rather rather suicide than get to up on you to be honest. I don't get a challenge man You know that bro. Don't think this wrong way Don't don't take this wrong with this topic a little bitch. It's part of the game right you joined the game to be fun Fun man worst case scenario when you die it'll make people happy don't you want to make people happy? That's what my grandfather said sent to me always make people happy. I like to entertain people All right, so here's the way it's gonna work guys You're just gonna do what I just did one two three If you do that without anything the water you live but not yet not yet So it says everyone else please love along the edge over here. You'll be executing You'll only execute them if you hear a splash that's it that's it I didn't say it's not when I said there's no risk man Oh I He's not wrong. He's not wrong. I didn't say that. I didn't say that. Don't worry. It's hacker. I Want you to choose one person here to be your champion. If they do it correctly, you can you can jump back into the game Which is which is players are about to go I chose a big party over here stupid Steppers get this stuff. There you're as good as good as good as a lot. All right great. All right All right, so dynamic. All right, so what does it you guys will go one at a time Which is going to want to go first Good oh, didn't great pass. So just once you pass you can join the execution squad It's super doing Rejoin next I Thanks god Guys take take your time. Yeah, I take controllers You know it's for the content anyways for the content. It's on that controller is easier Let's take your time. It's not a race Take your time Lex this is a massacre You need to you need to jump on each of them Hey You don't jump on each of them I get demonstrated I Go For you to like do like a jump across the whole thing I check in the rules. What do you bother me for bro? This the rules no, no God Good Come on good. There you go Is that Gang with brother Oh my god, how about you join? All right, there we go hang on we have one more person needs to do it who suggested I do this been in the first place Not talking is a good idea not talking is a good idea Swiftress says please follow me No, no, no, no, no, no, no snitching bro. I just connected cannot cannot rejoin Why I just connected what's what's your in game name? Unknown so yeah, you can reach yes, yes, yes, you can be I remember that yes All right I cleaned today. Oh the cleaning was fun Smokey You that microphone do not unmute it for the rest of the game unless they ask you to thank you smokey Swiftress says blah blah all right Great Swiftress says Or more circle around these crates over here a Circle a neat one So just a circle shoulder to shoulder make a nice circle So just back up a few steps. I want to make space make yeah space it up a little bit So just a little bit more space guys. Thank you Sir So Thank you Sorry my bad great Sam all might be wondering what are we gonna do here? I have to do that. Yeah Basically I want someone to go up there and then die All right, yeah, let's give it simple switch says you want to go up there and die crouch All right, if you want to stay down there and lift crouch Last person to crouch dies No, so it says what's your name? Oh never mind. He's on Moomas All right, Moomas. What does this please stand up over there? You'll have a chance to live I was being very dramatic not the whole being up there dying thing. He's come up here with you. I wouldn't I wouldn't kill you while I was up here I mean now I would kill them Why they didn't kill you Moomas Can you name something that you you know a lot about like a topic that you feel like you're you're pretty well give a lot of knowledge about Module for campaigns okay, I'm gonna see All right, okay great Just again, all right, bye. Don't be nervous. Don't be nervous. We nervous when when does your when is your mom when is your Mon warfare campaign knowledge beginning with which game? Um, much more for two The original line for two or 2009 yeah, the original one. Oh wow 2009. I saw in my Xbox 360 great All right, um, no sounds cold. I'm worries All right, let's see your Like he's got a gun I'm gonna give you a trivia question and if you I'm gonna give you a trivia question if you answer correctly come back to the circle piece of cake Oh, okay, yeah, that's why I'm asking you about some of you know there we go All right All right, so it says Yes I'm gonna ask you two questions. What does it mean I see to get to both questions right and you live so it looks me a little harder Want to start with a softball so does name one main character that dies a lot of warfare to 2009 Ghost Okay, next So it says Name one man who watched him die Roach Good job Now I want some very upset. Why do you think that is? Oh You're gonna see switch says an eight one to the circle like there you go Let's try again. He tried he tried Give it a forever young man all right. Yeah, let's find someone else. He deserves better Swiffer says last person crouch plays this game again So just like you guys make your way up there name please Name TSO bro. Yeah, so you've dodged out many times today bro. Well, you know what? The answer over yet Swiftresses are ready with them. All right. TSSO Give me something that you have a lot of knowledge about this yourself. You're you're very well You know a lot about I could quiz you on it Let's do math, huh? Math all right. All right. What's your what's your high what's your high level math? Edition is Is going to say pre-conquer that's right. No, we have ourselves We have ourselves an expert on addition and subtraction no problem. We can do that all right Swiftress says if you can answer these two questions correctly, you'll these guys won't shoot you With the camera. Give him a timer. No, no, no timer. No timer. No timer All right, could she switch to says or guys I got this no more Swiftress says first question What's 20 plus one 21 good job. Good job. We have a pause there. Yeah Why did you so much Listen It's my job of tricking me. It's trying to be careful. You know you should double check. That's what you do All right next Let's see here Next question What's the number of people in this lobby minus one? You count if you want 30 That is that's how far Is that well no, I mean there are people out there. There are three one people in the game minus one that's 30 that's correct I thought more people were no, I said two questions against it switchers. Let's go back to the line. You're good I was so easy I was so many we count the players around them. That was that was a trick. You looked at the player count That's correct all right All right last person to stand goes up there We're good So resist get on top of those crates otherwise you're in trouble Three seconds three two No, what so if you said freeze race race race All right, let's see is it three three of you guys so just three of you please follow me All right names, please Sorry name East next Mochi all right cool. We guys pay attention beginning of the game Which part yeah, all of it all of it right you were here Remember what I said you three kill each other hey stop jumping dude You want to see what's going on do you want a better look? But I close up what the best see the house bro You three turn it into one All right, I want to match trick All right Make two people disappear go So just do it All right All right, so you have one more challenge So it says get on top that create within 30 seconds good luck Everybody go to prone block him Oh, let's get pushed off You killed Cass you can't come up with these both the die already getting Oh stop going from Stop pushing me off you bitch What are you doing? You're not making it up here or people are all Swiftress says stop all right, it's ain't funny anymore Swiftress says everyone please follow me back to our starting point Are you so lucky We've earned a lot of It's time for a lot of people to die Oh, I know I'm not It's just that it's just a thing to basically have two guys appointing a gun at each other and you say something they fire There's the part of the game where dead players stop talking to me. Let me run the game Sorry, sorry, sorry, please let me shoulder shoulder All right All right, let's give you guys some legal spots on this fence to stand on Swiftress, please let up over here so I can you can see where I'm pointing at Here I think you guess I'm doing good I'm doing it all right here are the legal parts of this fence On parts over here Well, that's dangerous No That's hard all right that worked though all right. I'm up here I still moving forward basically all the fence past this band and the end is Right here so you get on there you edge a little bit to the side until the timer's gone And then you're safe if you fall off that area while you just die All right, Swiftress says go sit on the fence Oh It's dangerous be careful. Oh my god I have Touch cap to the center just put it into the zone Hey, sure that would not have come back right not to do with the blue I'm sorry, bro You You know what's your name sir oh judge There we go you guys need judge for the rest of the way but that is the way they get Again All right, you're so mad man great now they got beef Oh Swiftress says we are continuing the game thank you guys All right But yes our dead young friend from earlier was correct. Swiftress has look at the person next to you Swiftress is look at them in the eyes when we'll have a partner Xeno comma huh comma much All right, let's make sure one has a partner that they care about Looking good looking good. I like it Sir sir. I got it. Don't worry. What's your name Name please Zeno Zeno You have no partner Zeno Swiftress would you like me to find you a partner? If you can yeah, yes One of the ghosts or dead partner with them See if you want to push me out of zone we would have been part of Okay, not as deep mines to die I don't know. I mean well let me let me find out where the stakes are so So this is judge and who's the person's judges partner what's your name? Attacker there. We got maybe attack roll of mjus. What does it attack her? I don't know attack a revenge All right Swiftress says my name a character That is a Batman villain you will melee your partner So it just says my name Batman villain You'll mail your partner. So it just says if you just get back up there. So there's no crouching So it just says when you fall off the gate your partner can clue immediately bro. All right. Don't fall off great Chormander Pop by Wonder Woman Robin Guys Are you guys all of us off ball? Let's go. What up? Well, no my task is entirely Lessons The psychic let's be let's be reasonable here. I'm not looking for those one of issues or whatever All right, if I said something like you know the howler than yes, you can murder each other Real care It's someone's make sure the howler is not a real Batman villain just in case Is what is done will check me just in case Swiftress has you killed somebody just now come on down Hey I mean that's my job. I think Bro I mean he waited so long because then he's like you know what I'm just gonna join the other Guys Is from the new of Saus I mean if when you say Wonder Woman, I mean are you talking about town towers about? How are you probably one of the problems go evil? I thought was making that up. No, is that mean you would have made for that funk? No, how was that the howler is a real carrot is a real villain? Yeah, how I will care if he's a villain or I know he's a humanoid wolf man We did my father in the 1940s You want to do you know howler is like the villain actually a villain It's a DC villain. I didn't even know that All right, well, I can't kill all of you guys. That's not that's not a fun finale, but you guys should all feel something called shame All right, there you go. So does look down on shame, please All right, so it says feel bad should we go in and replace them? No, all right, so just look up shame goes complete good job All right, great. We're gonna play our finale games. So it says you five follow me So if there says freeze So does crouch if you survive the park hero game we did the beginning of the game Then those guys are here. So does this follow me good I Was based in Gotham City. I'll look it up a little bit later So just as you guys will start on this side Might be true might not be true things All right, so just as everyone gets one single test run You'll jump on both poles that touching the water then you'll jump back on the next area So if just as begin one practice per person Oh wow Oh Nail all right, I hope you learned from that practice run One of the practice run go ahead Get I wouldn't murder you all right Great Most of you guys accomplished it you did not that's all right. So it just says you five reset to this side This is gonna be very dangerous Only have three minutes, but that's all I really need This is gonna be a race I hope you die So This is gonna be a race Oh bro. It's not yet man. Not yet. I want let's keep you alive so you die love for proper reasons Right. Yeah, come on Swift All right, so it's what just as all of you guys back up a few steps. Let's keep it fair All right, let's listen to the rules swatters as these are the rules if you fall into the water you die automatically that is it And if you're in the last living player of the round to make it over here you also die unless you're the only alive player So after says begin Fail fail All right last one of you to come over your dice Yeah, I saw when he fails This guy's really frozen You were the last person to get your alive so you should technically die, but it's okay. I'm that's not entertaining ending So it says what's your name Tiso Tiso bro, you so don't deserve the win. Oh my god for today, but anyways, we're a Ciso. Please stand over here Oh, no Tiso's win. He is a track record. He's murder like 15 people. I'm a stake today My local he's facing again. The multiple murdered me. All right So it just says you know, I'm a very difficult challenge. Just follow me judge All right In fact, this challenge is so hard. I don't think it's doable If they do that challenge one more time Okay, what's the catch? Well, first it will be over the rules. Yes, there is a catch so one I failed my own challenge Anyway, I wanted to demonstrate one two three Stay alive That's it Challenge Get to the end and stay alive, but you have a friend watching you sort of says TSO back away Back up So just back up, bro You know, so just back up you don't want to be over there All right, there we go So successfully make it to the top two All right, let's do it All right, yes, so you won the game despite your controller drops Congratulations Uh, your prize will be being now to cycle Mars next round, but you also get a shout out if you'd like So there's a winner shot up to you. I appreciate that Would you like to be Michael Mars next round? Would you like to give it to someone else? I would I would love to be Michael. All right, it will be that there you go Well, TG so I will you do