 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says one derailed today is Christmas day actually says Merry Christmas Merry miss If you got a gift today, so come on down want to hear what you got Wow only three of you guys damn, okay, yeah, there's no Yeah, yesterday wasn't Christmas bro. Thank you. All right, so this please laps a little shoulder guys. Let's let's let's hear what you got Let's hear it. Here it go. There you go. All right, so this answer my questions when I ask you hungry. What'd you get for Christmas man? I got a GoPro max Nice man. All right, you're king. What'd you get man? I got a brand new $350 gaming desk Nice man nice Uncle you man. I'm doing awesome, but you didn't say Swiftress says I shouldn't be answering you right now All right hungry you are king. Do you guys want to explain to funk wise wrong? May Christmas. He said Swiftress has to begin him. He's a little beginning. Oh, they he pushed it up for second sentence So you know, it was a pause I said Swiftress says answer my questions. I'll just mess around Yeah, I'm doing great. The wife got me some dragon ball PJs and something's a shirting clothes, please Discipline your wife know the wrong one inside out. That's great. Yeah, and Mike yeah, but you man. What'd you get I got the aces rug strict handheld? That's Awesome, and I use that almost every night basically I Yeah, it's it's I feel like the interface kind of sucks, but you know if you can play wait the bag at the play game pass games In bed, so it's worth it. All right. Thank you guys for says from back into lines. Let's begin the game for real I just do what I say when I say Swiftress says and try not to die. That's it. All right, for example Swiftress says last person jump is in trouble Mm-hmm a 420 says come on down men You're in trouble All right, so it was a 420 here is your challenge man Press that you don't die instantly, but it may just be the case I'm always the first one to die. It's all good. No, it's not I'll give you two options, man option one You can hide inside this train car We did that before I don't know whether whether the guy died or not at least I don't remember or number two you can choose Never got to use this tunnel over here Not really a fair way to do it. Yeah, just get that car try and survive. So it was again the car. You'll be fine. You'll be fine I think we all should look up so we don't see where he goes I don't look up. I want to get by look at it. Yeah, it's it's it's it's it look the last we did there are many more people in a game It says no more no saying I didn't say Swiftress says I'll be the judge of that All right, don't back see me Great great you guys option looked up in the air and say to say switch. Yeah, I didn't say switch look up in the air That's fun. All right great. It's real simple. So this 420 is isn't that train car So this is all you guys have three shots each Which is you don't have to fire the car if you don't want to go to live you can just fire into the air if you want So if it says each of you three shots to the train car if you'd like go All right, you haven't fired your shot last chance 321 so it says stop let go explore how this looked Hey survived Wow Hi, I'm Danny hit markers I don't know. All right, you can go back to the line. Congratulations on surviving Swiftress says return to the line I thought he got up. He did not I heard that silence too Great, Swiftress says please follow me We're going inside get a little chileier little nippy. Oh, that's about saying I need to put on my sweater I'll poke no bro. Yeah the cold that wind our size like what a fuck is your damn sweater? Where's your scarf? We got our pants sweater. That's a good thing song. I think I think I should give a Chicago win All right, so this office is using old hardware man. These machines can't play monwar for three They can barely hold a quarter of the install size Swiftress says the story all the PCs. They're no good You know, I'm analyzing I don't think it can All right, so does this phrase inspection time NTI 3 1 always wanted to watch you on YouTube. How does everyone listen to me? I'm guessing headphones mostly maybe speakers if they're very like well tuned All right, yeah, these look like yeah good job. They're all broken down Good job Let's try to store the monitors to all right, well, that didn't really help out. That's too bad. All right Last person to the window dies And say how's it going man? Yeah, always man. Oh, where's man through this can see this fall me All right, let's take a look here where we got And my brain snack on with ideas today You know what let's play hide and seek Who says you can hide anywhere in front of us right now, but it looks to the west and you don't think you see in the screen you can hide behind Okay, everyone else turn around you can't watch I'm not gonna look either so does this go hide somewhere your job is to not be seen You have 10 seconds 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 All right, so just finalize your Your your spot can see don't move. Hopefully you're hidden Swiftress says everyone else come to the windows over here I don't know where he is Oh shit, I'll get out I'll get out of your way. So just as if you see him you can't say anything Now remember looking west. So he's gonna be in there in your your That area over there great. Swiftress says Use any means you have to try and kill him begin That means lethal grenades. Well, it's just go you have 18 seconds easy with those grenades 18 seconds. Oh man. I have a pancake 13 seconds there go go go where is he 10 seconds left can he survive Six seconds Where is he's hidden somewhere over here? Two one He's right I get Swiftress has stopped All right top from going to explore and see where he is where did he hide Back to where he's I'm somewhere so obvious What oh, I think I know where he's at We just had him he's right. I know us. I thought he's right. He's not He can't be either way Oh Yeah, I hit him with my grenade, but he has battle hard and months there are you congratulations You survived Swiftress says return to the group Oh, no, what's what was that stop? What does everyone drop down? You survived men Good job You know, I can't go too hard on folks with 13 player 30 player lobby. I gotta have a little bit of softball All right, so just please follow me I've roll a little bit of hardcore Oh, no hard for I'm not I was doing the lamppost Hey, it's not good. This is your what up over here Lord, well, I'm a I'm a little sure. I'm sure it'll be fine. No, it won't Now we always not Please freeze while I oh Hey 20 sir The high and seek portion was over I get spotted him but that was not Oh, it says Ken say please rejoin the game. It just says a 420 Sorry for another challenge man So challenge guy we even try it now and see if it's possible yet Press was for 20 please come with me man You're gonna start right over here All right, you're the rules If you stop moving before the challenge is over You die, so let's see for example me. I'll even try it No movement. Oh, and I fell off. I'd be I'd die there your job is simply without Stopping movement to get to the end over here. You don't have to run If you pause for a second Players can can fire at you But you're says begin Don't stop moving don't stop moving You stop moving you die God damn it He on controller the truth of the truth Ah On keep on keep on keep on me. You fell off on keyboard. Yeah, yeah So just as you survived. No, no, no, no, you did it. You made it you made it all right Second save There you go it's a little tough run on keyboard all right Oh, just a left shoulder. You can rejoin man. Yeah, I don't know how to do you know the same way you got to the game initially So you leave the game entirely you go to join private match you put in that secret code You won't say out loud, and then you find us in the map, but you join us there you go man. All right great All right, let's give you guys a harder challenge Let's try this out There you go, I like that. I like that There's none of everybody unfortunately, so it'll be the first ones that survive here yet the jump On this small sliver over here if you don't make it on simply means you play in a different difficult game If you touch the floor you lose you don't make it on that edge you lose Swiftress says everyone come stand back over here. Let's give you guys a fair shot It's a race can't touch the floor at the jump on that small sliver offence over there Give myself a better view what's going on your second judge It's Swiftress says begin. I don't even know where to fuck we going if you touch the floor you've lost There we go. Oh, well one's on two's on Breeze on oh no, I look in good manner. That might be a boys. That might be a you can try To be guys. No, you can't you can't come back on try again. There's no other I am over as much as I can be once you've touched more you're out Swiftress says freeze All right, successful players hungry a 420 PR king and geo Swiftress says everyone else on top of this vehicle over here I feel like he's gonna be Well, I gotta feel like this about me and it all seems I'm not gonna murder everybody All right, so just says please find a partner on this partner And once you get a partner you know the partner I'm a date. Oh no Bulldog That worked it then all right. Can't see what's your status you back in the game Uh, don't have a fucking. I'm back Are you with us? Yes, sir What does this jump Yeah with us Yeah, yeah Where oh Running back to you run out from cheese Yeah, my apologies. I shouldn't give more Look man, I'm saying that because I have a someone who needs a partner I'm back. Okay, you know what you You took that time. So you delayed coming back into the game to pick a new operator So it says I was leaving a chance to survive this was getting on that goddamn vehicle You're talking about rare you don't have time to do an extra challenge So it says your partners with agent 47 You think you is ghost rider. It's like when someone's late to work and they got like a donut and like a coffee in their hand like bro Right All right, great So it just says you guys who partnered up up over there When I give you the word oh, yeah, it'll be a category again people hate these now. I don't know why I still do them. I just don't know Oh, no Indeed, well, agent 47 was nice knowing you Okay, you too So it just says what I name a fake language mainly the other player The language that is not real languages that are in in fiction count For example, yeah, so there's an example of a like a language that is That is like real in my terms, you know, because Okay, here we go for example, click on and start track I don't watch it on the start track, but like it click on language or people out that know like how to speak and click on hardcore Or fans maybe some of you guys are out there and you know what I think if it's been developed if you can speak blow it inly with that well-developed language. That's a language So let's begin. So this is what I say like a fake language. Mainly your partner God Spanish French Chinese Japanese Russian See plus plus Rose what You can speak it though you can only type it you can't speak it that way or so hang on so try to say that like that like Braille isn't the language or or sign language is in language I Guess we were dead Hey I'll let the youtube comments sorted out Swiftress says everyone follow me I'll say the language you can speak when he uses it in a real language. I said real speak as it speaks sure I mean look I'll you guys knew what I meant This is so better I think computer science major So stupid now All these backseat lawyers and chat you know what I meant Oh All right Okay 5 6 7 8 great great players Swiftress says I want four people on this side of the fence and four people on this side of the fence I'm gonna take the side. It's not going to die Then let's see So does I want you guys standing on the floor For people on this side for people on this side just fit in the floor Oh, yeah, there we go. Okay. I can see you. What do you guys on the floor guys? I'm confused I don't know if this doesn't want your face touching the wall. There you go. You guys got it. I See you. I see you In each other guns. Sorry. I was muted. Oh god Hi, phone Hi, why you got your gun pointed me you murderer You can't call me a murderer unless I shoot first All right But I name the ingredients and then greetings snow fire again What helium what water Just as freeze So it says I for 20 come with me man and for there are no more chances for survival Was a 420 please stand here. I did not say Swiftress says what says all their players Please let's roll the shoulder gotta do a mini firing squad Ironing to all I did to you. Oh wait. Oh, yeah Sign language is a language the word language is in the name I'm not gonna I'm not gonna chant until this game is over. Just make me angry All right To just says a 420 I want you standing here again. Just standing in front of this lock, please All right guys, what does everyone really load? The emptying your mags Which is says unload Ah, don't feel the same as a big lobby I don't have that in All right six players left that's right to it Swiftress says follow me This is the longest I've been in a good says game. Let's fix that Oh You had to say something. Yeah, I'll just say it It's called content Hang up there actually maybe Oh, okay, climb this up Ah perfect. I've done like nothing in this Stores. It's joining. There we go. The gas with quality Russian cinema over here. I don't think this is like Wait, these are okay. Go patcher May I interest you in a phone Swift? Good man This is active base phones here I regal says come over to the audio department This is what they do on a money laundering Hey, I can use these for money laundering Great switcher says destroy all the speakers Oh, the mail actress careful everybody Yeah, I don't know if they're well very well made unfortunately very sturdy Okay, follow me into the grocery For speakers Swiftress says follow me Oh, you got lucky with sir. I didn't see it. I saw that too. See you didn't count Make sure this can break Yes, good All right, great What does says shoot at only the milk Good job, so stop Milk gone All right Shoot at only at bottles of things or containers of things that hold stuff that contain fruit again Well shit What is gonna be a long lobby? All right, sort of says fly or anything that contains alcohol We're Is that count? I'm gonna sell right now I see a bunch of you too close up All right, should anything it contains water Oh fuck me No We'll give you a chance fun because what does everyone follow me we're gonna leave here we're gonna funka challenge Oh god, you luck on on ten Used to be a little hide behind that thing Famous word trying to figure out what I can I can climb around here Please God no All right got it. What does this fuck please follow me? Oh Did you see he said better he said he said he said bad enough and that was better cool with me Better you dumb ass why are you coming with me I All right, so just a you fool we both gonna die so just as the rest of you guys come stand So does you guys can be into oh see here I can do this properly Know what So it says you guys make sure you're feaking up you've seen under that vehicle Get behind a tire or something to rock whatever you guys do Great so it says all of you guys will be you're going to prone right here Find out my no boy lineup Fire in his squad Look so does banna funk you have one job Not that so it just says your job is to skin to the store that we were just in that's it Oh, just these guys will shoot at you as much as they want They're all in pro net to stay in pro so you have a chance here. So just get to the stores fast again To just as go Banna you about to die All right, let's see where's the store it again I'm not trying to use him as a distraction Almost made it I think if you were one second faster yeah, I think you guys have to go at the same time Yeah I'm gonna show us how son man I'm gonna die here it Mikey's behind the wheel Look any Look you learned those guys read you need to be you need to jump in the same thing All right, so does that same rules after says go You're getting wall bang You had to go man kept behind the vehicles I'm gonna Why are you staying You Oh, just a place oh, I got clip that that was hilarious. All right, so it says you three please follow me All right, so it says you guys left a little shoulder over here So does each of you yeah, so it's each of you guys pick the uh The cone the corresponds to your order for example Geo this one The arching middle and Mikey this one. What does this aim at what fire one bullet at your cone So if there says fire one bullet at your cone So if there says fire two bullets at your cone Fire three bullets at your cone Good follow me If it says follow me So it says you three get behind the desk Mercy put us back up Oh, give me monitor All right, so it says I'm gonna call All right, so it says I have to fire one of you guys you had budget cuts The out of my hands and not sure how choose which one you guys to fire. I've decided you guys will decide who gets fired the one person I guess I'm gonna put over here So does Geo you have four letters in your name Mikey you have five letters in your name And piercing Or maybe guys Where's his phone Follow your front of us I still see it in my screen That's okay. Anyway, Geo you have four letters in your name Mikey five parking if six letters in your name I say So it says when I say any of those three numbers You three We'll go down to two players. That's it. I want only I only want two people alive There's one person left that person does not win the game they lose And the second person to die is the winner Which is us a close attention Which is for the rest of the game. I say any of those three numbers Turn this from three people to two people got it Got it right so it says follow me Oh All right, what just says look over there two bags Right All right, and the time this clock is uh is eight o'clock So it just has followed me Yeah So it just says there are three bottles over here. Oh no actually You know what I think I'm wrong. So it just has how many bottles are there in this counter Four that's right four No geo Oh Has it said I was so has it I lied myself up You lied yourself up bro He was like On and give us a closer examination. He said you said You had to know script a resendee out there No PR king and Mikey said she whoops like They both backed up You're the doorways. All right. So you go. It's what just says both of you The game that that game is now over you complete it. It's what it says you two of the finalists follow me So it says this is execution only not melee execution you get behind them you hold on to melee If at any moment you touch any wall object a tree a pole a fence The other player can use bullets to kill you So it says begin Oh No, Mikey. This is how an execution works Yark King you are the winner Mikey what He was at an angle There I was that was the whole point good. I'm good All right PR king get it gets I'm gonna talk to your friends out there their people speak up Well one once I want to thank Swift for being an amazing streamer all this time all these years Or shit the chat being amazing Mercury for everybody you guys want to we just would love to follow me on twitch Same user tag PR king TV That's all I gotta say thank you off for letting me play awesome Twitch mods can we put PR king TV as the shout out on twitch is a feature you do a shout-out and His follow button actually pops up on the top of chat, which is great. So you guys can follow him right now if you want it to You get a mod yet. It's really really neat really neat So if you ever want one of these for precise you can just get one of those GG You did not have murdered on the prey