 What is up everyone welcome to the swifter says Let's start with something fun. Swaters, get on this fence and don't die Swaters, there's no rush just get on the fence. I'm getting massive lag. I don't but you guys I'm glad I'm not doing that challenge. I'd fall off instantly It's okay if you can't get on the fence you can just lay down on the floor for the rest of the game Come on there you go great excellent all right, so it says when I run past you crouch Great when I run past you stand Lobby knows what's going on all right next twifter says jump once I Twifters says jump again. I think I missed somebody Jump twice Twifters says turn around All right walk backwards until you fall off the fence Twifters says take one step backwards without falling off the fence Too many steps too many steps. Twifters says if you fell off come up over here All right, what's your language? This is a family channel family channel All right, swifters says everyone else off the fence and head to the east Where's the east again? Okay, there you go. That's a great Patrick. He got it great All right, you guys have a simple challenge here You know, swifters says all I need you to do is without touching the floor or falling to your death You're gonna have one chance to jump on that fence and stand there Swifters says begin Six nope Well, sniper All right, two more to go. Maybe so we'll join you down there You got the Moving from this spot go The rules are about the change if you guys don't hurry up No Snapper and fun keeping a good company. That's all right All right, good job you four swifters says everyone please follow me Rest in pieces The song is shot good and join us next. That's fine No Swifters says freeze No, no, no, this place There are no one loves this place All right, yes All right, there are one two three There are ten plates within the gondolo be here You guys gonna choose one of the ten plates those people that are with you will be the people you're doing activity with Go ahead Swifters says go ten plates get on pick a plate Big a play big a play I Not every plate needs somebody don't break that glass homie you're not on a plate Mr. Steve Last change to change your teams three two one switches says freeze Arkeys don't worry man. We'll have a little fun another way to it. All right great. So Other people on your plate great you've got friends But if you're by yourself on a plate you're gonna be in trouble Going to take over now To leave us All right great let's see we got a attacker by himself. We have edit by themselves Uh, you two are you only have yeah, all right, you know what? I'm worth killing both of you guys. I look guys. All right bandit is going attackers plate go ahead So it was the attacker Go on bad is plate So it says attacker and it emiguns each other So it just says you guys have a special role for the rest of the game So it just says if anyone in this game As a kill count that exceeds five You have to kill the other player where they kill you Understand right now zero no one's died At least one more there we go great all right That's begin sort of says Approach If that's your kid in the background or duck or whatever do me if you're just me your back. Thank you I don't know look man kids kids sound weird it can be uh, I don't know Not much room can't do that yet great Swift says leave the gondola via a window Swift says follow me Like is bad Now wonder why Great Sort of says backs to a wall any wall will do Been dead. I like the high ground uh Sometimes You know what's uh, there's even a higher ground up there called heaven. It's what does it say we're name it vendetta Oh god Super says aim at vendetta Send them to heaven Man, it's lobby Do you think you're gonna die I was hoping not hoping that all right. That's the right answer all right Won't follow me All right, you mean one of those games flying by me. Swift says everyone follow me No problem boys. It's all right. You guys are good too good Super says there are four benches here. It's just pick a bench Hey Three two one Swift says freeze can't move anymore All right, so this shadow Sam there's both of you guys stay on top of these brush canisters over here Shadow Sam, so just please tell it there you go. Swift says Yeah, paper You have plastic and you got trash here Loose for paper range for plastic yellows is for trash So it says you guys recycle at home Yes, yes, yeah Good kill each other All right, so it says both of you guys look down at the colors Memorize blue green yellow you got it Great, so this is both of you guys look straight up You One more time blue is paper Green is plastic yellow is trash Swift says without looking down. I'm gonna name an item And you're gonna go step on the container which represents where it should be thrown away Swift says the game is begun newspaper You We go Good banana peel All right, let's introduce a new rule if you fall off switch as everyone else is gonna kill you All right Next one Let's say How about a kendo you know like barbie and ken ken The loss of leg in the war You You got to say I'm trying Right there should be good hopefully all right great All right pizza box Oh Pressure you got like on the go my guy on the way Oh, pressure This freeze all right everyone else word is a piece of what pizza box go trash No Right Actually, if it's greasy if it's clean if it's clean pizza box is recyclable So let's request a PC piece of box is trash yes, if it's if it's greasy then the no go all right Yes It's not my mistake and my state you have to throw it out to the regular trash all right Next up You Just kill each other So just as you two can look down again Styrofoam Styrofoam Uh to be honest it's it's you can't recycle Styrofoam so it's trash You're helping out your your pal here all right great All right opiniona opiniona Pineapple Hmm Hot wheels All right um how about Harry Potter book It's a problem against what if what if we got dirty man like really dirty But what if you just like drop it like a bucket of like Pete the the hot take on this one I'm not a fan Harry Potter. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Swartr says scarf. Swartr says. Y'all would throw that away, Swartr says kill each other. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says在做 different things to them when you are playing a piano. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Squat is fish. Swartr wishes. Swartr said. Swartr says. Squatr says. Swartr says. Swartr says. Yellow is trash. I mean ideally you know paper should have been green you know for trees or whatever but that's okay. Alright great let's begin. Start with simple. Start simple. Alright let's see here. How about? Um, party balloon. You did it. You didn't think about this. Bro what is why? I never had to do a little party. Wait no mine. Because what if it pops it's gonna try us? Wait what? It's plastic. It's plastic. It's too wet. It's supposed to skill them. Oh no. Of it no. Welcome to the after- Welcome. Alright now for the rest of you guys. I'll use the fuck so suck it. Alright now for the rest of you guys. Sort of just kill only one person on your bench. What? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? Hey, you can do it. You should have shot me. What? You should be. It's a point in the game. Sort of just an attacker coming on over man. Fill off your bench. No, I was being pushed out of zone man. No risk man. Not a right attacker. I know you. Alright so what is the same rules? So simply if the jump to the one that is that is correct. Alright so as the game has begun. I should have shot you in one two three. Map. Mission. Um. Soup can. Hmm. Hmm. You're not going to recycle a soup can bro. Well yeah, this is plastic though. What's your soup can't made out of? Metal. In. If we were going to put in the plastic bin man. We try to do to an environment bro. Fair point. Fair point. Alright. Watermelon. Alright. A picture of a tomato. Alright. A bag full of newspapers. Plastic bag full of newspapers. Oh. Oh no man. There's get too far. I'm from in back. You killed him man. Surtress says attacker please join the bench with with you. Yeah. Oh. Swift. Alright. Surtress says when I say the name of anything that might go into one of these three bins. You will kill one other player that means you're going everyone here is going to increase their kill count by one. Clams. A knife. God. The word plastic spray painted on the wall. A piece of cake spelled out. That makes no sense. Oh. Yes. How about a gold medal. Bronze. What in the metal? Number two pencil. A rose. Plastic. Hey. Wait. Wait hang on. Sam. Oh. Sam. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Sam are you one of Bunch. Sorry. Really one. We should be honest. I tiene a bad feeling. The winners will be announced. The intent was very clearly for folks in the benches That's okay. It's what says folks in the benches. Stand on top of this thing Sort of the Sam pick Sam pick a Sam pick a pick a bench Did you really think I was I was asking you to do that? I don't think you were man Think you weren't chat says you weren't I fly didn't okay. No problem Let's switch or says let's let's play the game the way Sam thinks the game was played Swift or says if you're on a bench make sure crouching Now When I say the name It's what does when I say the name of of basically anything goes in the trash Your player count you'll kill one other person. That's on a bench Welcome you with open arms brother. Yes Newspaper Sir just don't you come on down Sir our newspapers were cyclical man. It's not as good a trash Just a little live no I lost bandit attacker the side game is gone. Oh well All right, so it says you three please follow me This one from a lobby building from any drops What do you have commands involved people killing everybody. That's just what it is all right If you if you told the kill you got a kill right by the rules That sounded nice Supper says all three of you look at these two screens over here Or says do a little test here Says crouching that's a hamburger or jump if you think that's a chicken sandwich. It says begin Oh my god, please What's What's your vote? I mean what's your vote? I mean is it burger or chicken sandwich Man that is not such as the MEP's turn around that is the chicken. What is this? Yes No problem that was no test that wasn't test there we go. That's a that's a chicken sandwich over there for sure You can see it's breaded it All right all the behind it looks like there could be a burger Is it chicken for life? All right next up Swiftress says all three of you guys take a moment count every single number of fries you see on the screen I'm gonna count to There's a chicken sandwich on the table that would be I If you're making me hungry, but it is good burger town It's good Five seconds to finish counting All right, so what just says turn around and we're looking at a photo. So just keep that number in your mind So if just says when I say a number Higher the number fries in that photo Higher than that number fries We'll kill the other two players and win the game One more time Twitter says stop looking to go dim fries. There we go. All right, so it is you three follow me I don't want you guys cheating look at those fries. All right, great. All right, cool for examples one There are definitely more fries than that photo than one fry, right when I say a number that's higher than number fries in that photo You Kill the other players two Seven Eight Nine 120th of a fry 120th of a fry Seven eight nine nine I 43 years old this year One last time. Oh, that's less legal you want congratulations. I mean you want there. Yeah, that's fine It's in the number. That's when I say a number. Yeah, that's legal. No, that's correct I thought I messed that one up. No, I did but that's the legal congratulations, Emmy You may not be able to distinguish between a burger and a chicken sandwich, but You did win the game Is that 23 maybe 24 Three four five six seven at same fry that doesn't count eight Nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen twenty twenty one Twenty-two twenty-three twenty-three twenty-three three three three three three three three my final number twenty-three twenty-five Yeah, twenty-five is Emmy victory speech Um Victory's pretty sorry to page because she's I felt bad for killing her but I mean, I'm excited because this is the first switcher says that I won and like a year so For someone I won one That's okay. I'm sure I'm sure page You're black Yes, I would not I would not doubt it no no the lag is crazy. I missed a shot on On someone and then the bullets magic went through their head anyway, so it's like oh I was banned it It couldn't be just named but I felt like everything was fine on my hand. I had no leg There is a There's a nice little spot on this map where you can go out the map and come back into the map That was loud That's where you were aiming for he does that So funny Maybe he'd do it next time Pancake delivery who knows exactly We might think like I should say Tell you what's a great mind sleeper like Yeah, okay. All right. All right Oh Actually for that episode of the other day is the best episode ever You're gonna find large don't care I know what it is but Tell sound effect wouldn't got to be cracked that it's how somebody died The torsist won't get contagious All right folks I need to run for a minute before to this mobile stream but the meantime I'm gonna give you guys a challenge Uh, let's see here Yes All right for you guys you will need Can you load out You baby scripts right to smashed lead that you want WFBF. Run it out of bounds. If y'all want to see what I was talking about, I won't be here. You turning around. You turning around from here. You turning around from here. You turning around from here. Oh, you guys are around from here. I'm not going to be here. I'm going to be here. Yeah, yeah, I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I got you. Oh. Oh, that's the same one. That's the same one. That's the same one. That's the same one. That's the same one. That's the same one. Oh, what? Oh, he changed it. That's the countdown. Oh, he changed it. That's the countdown. That's the countdown. So much. Oh, my god. What's the DM, bro? Oh, the countdown. So much less. It's the countdown. So much less. It's the countdown. Where are we? You meant to come out of the fence. Yeah, you come out of the fence and you come out of the fence. Oh, that thing is open. It's said two seconds instead of four. I'm not doing that. I'm not doing it. Oh, shit. He got me. What's the book? Damn, these! Relax. You're not kidding me. Oh, that better. Yeah. You're not kidding me. Oh, that better. I'm talking. Nothing. Oh, shit. I'm doing the shit. That's an RPG. For instance, that's an RPG. And, well, everyone's in the same team. All right. This is four, isn't it? I just did actually imagine. I don't know. After he had to get more than me. What was that? That was a three-kill. What's the... What's the... What's the... What's the... What's the... What's the... What's the... Oh, fuck. You got a knife on the team. I got this. I almost got a hammer. Fuck. Sorry, cast again. Wow! I'll cover the... Damn it, a packer. I mean, I'll cover the first one. I'll cover the first one. I'll cover the first one. I'll cover the first one. I got one. I appreciate it. Shocked, God. I got one. Shocked, God. It's so cringe. It's... Damn, that's a bomb. I need to... What the... What the... What? Damn, bomb! Look at your bomb! Look at your bomb! Look at you! Oh, my back fully soaked in crap. The bedding is closed! It's using rocks, man. It's just... Oh, my God. What is everyone using a dumbass on the bedding? Damn. Damn. I'm using a dress. Damn, it's on the beast's. Sam, that's not a fake test. So, really? Like, I'm... Oh, you're dead, man. I'm dead. I'm gonna see you down in the darkness. I'm gonna have to test on the end. Okay. Oh, no! What is this? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? I'm saying, you're gonna have to go through the door. Ah, man. I'm gonna get the... I'm gonna get the monochew. I'm gonna go through the door. Yeah, you can go outside and map them. Oh, no, I think it's a hot deal. Hey, boy. I ain't gonna kill you. This is... No wonder we lost, we lost first. Exactly. And like, there was so many people from our team that transferred over to their team. It is what it is. The timing on that in regular mode is four seconds. So what I tried to do is add 2.5. There's no week to run that. Oh. I'm so glad this is the best pistol I've ever shuckin' used in any Call of Duty game. It... It... It... It changed me to say this, but to me it even surpasses the... The... Classic MW357. The only problem that that operator that I have was literally the only on the store for like maybe a week if that... Then it disappeared. It did. Oh. Oh. Oh. Man, laughing like a pompous rich man. Oh. All right. Did a game actually happen or did I just... Yeah, it kind of happened. It happened. It ended just as quickly as it started. Who won? I'm gonna say half the lobby transition team in a Haker. Oh, wow. Haker's not gonna use the same block half the team also switched over to Rangers. Wait, they switched teams? Oh, that is so shitty. Yeah. Oh, I hate that more than anything. Can stick with your team. All right, guys. I gotta get rid of this uh...