 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says Let's kick it off. I know you guys are too smart to fall for my Didn't say Swiftress says stuff, so we'll keep it real simple Swiftress says everyone on top of this white car I'm not expecting you were gonna fit on here. In fact to be disappointed if everyone did We're getting close With both men and gone. I just phased off and the invitation Swiftress says take out your gun the name straight down So if you're not on the car don't worry about it. So it's crotch for not on the car name at the car Dang it. I got pushed off sir. I need you close to that car. So let's go touch that car Great Swiftress says if you've a pistol fire one bullet at the car Swiftress says if you have an SMG are one shot at the car You have a sniper rifle fire one shot at the car Excuse me sir Swiftress says Who's that sniper rifle what are you doing right why are you over here? Hulk what you have a stunt you use your sniper rifle? Why Swiftress says everyone look to the West Swiftress is Hulk looked at the West West is that way Oh Okay, great let's let's continue. Swiftress says oh ameth and even my side. So does aim at the white car again If you got a pistol flower again Oh Does the army man come stand over here. What was it you? Is it super moist? What was you? Are you saying it was him was it both of you guys? I'm pretty sure it's like got smoke out of your gun Don't worry. Let's play a little game between you guys. Let's see who wish you guys to fly further. So it's both of you guys turn around I'm not seeing it. What the hell? So if you says army man back up. Oh God. This is a sway players over here I can say you landed on come up. Bye. Bye Who are you? Yep, once again. Yep. I got it The sensor just get a car call from the guy he's doing now. No, no, just It's one try to access my building. Just like open the door. I'm like bro. Who the fuck are you? Well, you heard me said it was very nice. I like who are you? I'm also open to do for anyone like who are you anyway? All right. Good job everyone. Everyone follow me to the north So it was a met the car Fire one bullet Uh-oh Super says if you did not fire a bullet get off the car Don't worry guys To just Ellie please get out of vehicle You're still the same spot man Did you fire a shot phone back then? Yes, I did okay. Thank you for your integrity good luck All survived God Swift says following Going out the services is all right, so please let shoulder shoulder along the curb Okay, I'm so sorry I will have my vengeance No, what's going on Now that we have less players, let's try again last person the crouch gets heated But there's this crouch right now and you get heated But says Charles put me in This Charles join me on top of the tank Well, it's just once to use people for that super says please go into prone Charles Oh There we go all right, we have the number return to sender All right hang on hang on all right. We have two other We have a little throwing contest. Let's see which con get through the furthest boss man MPR on top of the tank Oh A goofy goober. Yes, sorry. Give a good word. Join them on top. They can't go ahead Oh All right, so this is goofy Boss man MPR come with me Monkey game. Yeah We're gonna play a little game here Executions only but you can't use them on each other hang on I need one person to help you play this game. You don't want to be the person chosen. All right, here we go Swift as those jump once Swift as those jump again Swift as jump The Indian little delayed there. What's up, man? I Didn't hear Swift as before but then I just realized no worse So it says crouch Swift as last person to stand plays So it says blade come with me, man. You are gonna die, but we'll see what happens All right, all right, so it says you three pongs. So it says stand on the side over here All right, just So I'll you guy do man this survive on this tank for 18 seconds without dying and you can come back alive You guys You're only allowed to execute him if you melee how many dies you die understand So it says once the one is executing you're not allowed to interrupt So this is all four of you must stand the tank So it says sir sir I moved him so I thought it was Sir mpr what did I say with man? No, no, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I see him move. Sorry. I thought it was starting. So Bye bye bye bye bye bye Swift says go 18 seconds You all breathe and have the same skin on that's correct. Yes All right, keep up the turn All right, second the edge Come on, yeah, five seconds left. Hey, so if you cut behind you, there's something cool to see I have a moment. All right, all right. Okay, you know, I didn't think of that any out smart of me because the Seryl police returned to the line All right, we'll find someone else All right, I'll play the game a little bit differently next time. No worries All right, let's find our next player Swift says last person going to the prone is the next player Oh No All right, no worries. What does all four of you guys come with me All right, let's find some battery Swift says this watch me Can't pass this crosswalk over here And pass this imaginary line And uh, can't pass this imaginary line over here is this is this little blocky area over here Yeah, you just just stay in this gentleman today. I don't want you guys running off too far Sam rules apply and we just last for 18 seconds without getting executed You guys know like exusions only can't be interrupted If you may lay him and kill them you die Swift says go Oh Wait, actually let me try let me try let me try It's fine. It's fine. Oh, are you guys got it? Can we use tacticals? Oh not oh no Oh, yeah, excuse I know what's what just a stop I tried I lost I Oh And that we go to execute it. That's all I Man I turn my dpi up. I didn't mean to leave the space. That's what I thought well anyway I'm gonna give such Swift says it won't follow me Oh Up this ladder Whoa All right, well it's your up here. So it's staying on this wall Oh Shot in Both It's god All right great. Yeah, have you ever one? All right, Swift says walk as close as to the edge Oh as closely as you came out falling off. So it says we fall off you die You want to be careful if you can stand back if you'd like Good god All right, let's be careful. We Last person touch the floor dies Coffee that you a b online and off thing. Yeah, oh Swift says touch the floor and you die Good Swift says jump once Come on Dark floor come on over man Turn around please switch this turn around Oh I was aiming for one of you guys all right. I know I know I need to back it up a little bit next time All right Last person to jump dies Swift says boss may come on down sorry Hey, you need to follow Put us back up five steps That's you high All right Swift says last to crouch dies Which is Ellie come on down Swift is Ellie right here Oh, no, this is gonna hurt me There we go all right And finally last person to stand dies Swift says Blade Goofy goober. No sorry Alex come on down No, Alex style. Oh no Goofy That'll goofy's fine I missed saw Woo Swift says follow me Like that Yeah, the box around really enjoying the execution man. I got a milk it You can play some on so was it better than your back make execution? I'm better than back right yes, but I missed the brick cylinder For I cool Swift says make the letter x1 prone Okay, no diagonal Okay, can you can you can you keep what we doing this right here No, no, no, no, no, you're looking the wrong way stuff Oh man, look here Eighth thought people trying to work together Guys, what are we doing? Yeah, lay down bandit good Okay, I'm in a sense of Here you go, this is a real cool neat x looks good Great, I was practice Swift says make a pyramid a triangle Three lines the only to equal 180 degrees Shot good turn. Yeah, there you go. No, no, no, no face me. Yeah Wait Canadian really help Okay, you're that in the triangle I'm Looking good All right almost there's a little taking it over there all right um This next one if you don't like I want a perfect letter if it's too long on one side you're gonna die I'm gonna trim it myself Make the letter y perfectly go Oh I throw a box to be my next you guys if you're remaining prone you should be okay Nobody move it it So it says you do not need to move if you don't want to But you may want to Okay Okay, look there's a missile coming in that's coming in Wow, nerves of steel Gonna pick that up again really quickly here don't mind me no one move All right I got it all right now it's safe to leave let's go Oh Playing a new game here folks To have to says what the second you hear the proximity mind leave my hand Into the air you can run for your life Which says listen carefully Oh No one died single person Perks man perks switch to says follow me Oh Got bad memories with this bridge over here Oh I will find somebody switch this laptop shoulder shoulder I was there when we pushed you off Do you notice this Reese all right you made it inside Great I'll leave one person out recreate the scene I need someone to like you know portray me act really in this in this movie All right, let's see here So it just says crutch you want to uh be that man Nope problem Oh, I'll show you why this sort of bark come on over And this is why black people don't go into woolly spot All right There we go all right real simple So just a little bit guys we'll have 18 seconds of push bar off If we survive see gets to choose somebody that will get you to into an infinity So just as go 18 seconds Nine seconds he's doing all right All right Three Two All right freeze All right, so just let everyone back off you didn't die that's a shame All right Getting killed rest of peace All right So just a bark piece to somebody Let's choose Ah I got pushed off thank you Swift as a bandit please make your way over here No, no Oh man, I don't know I'm not too sure what the conditions are for it to show the body But maybe it's leaving the zone All right, I've seen a body. Oh, that's that's completely Oh, the body's still on the road down there That's all right. I think that's to walk right there Seven players left All right, the first person who grabbed the sniper rifle choose who gets you to dex Oh Bomba look like you were tempted there for a second All right, so it was this the first person to make a best sniper rifle gets to eat it Oh, it was brain mass look like you're you're tempted So it was a brain mass pick up the sniper rifle man So it was a snap Look me know from bro All right You're gonna be hard to swing in a 1v1 with somebody man All right, Swift says the first person the crouch gets a 1v1 brain mass Oh man, poor hack attack really fast. Let's see if hack attack a shock All right All right, ooh, holander now Rain mass on a skill of 10 to 10 how good are you as sniping 4.5 That's not my skill and you've already failed All right great All right, so does this hack attack brain mass please follow me So does this rain mass please stand over here It was hack attack please stand over here You might not be just please What's wrong That wasn't me So just hack attack other side please Whatever There you go the rules are simple Snappers only you know what No scoping there's no scoping a lot no no ADSing a lot It'll give you a chance raveness All right, Swift says ready said go Oh, I didn't get to see that oh poor raid mass That was quick All right, so the hack attack is a pro man Yep, you can be that all right Swift says follow me Oh Take it there we go Swift says please take a seat It's a couple's catch Swift says the table is legal as well You Read job I'll use the kicks in All right, let's do a little test here Swift says crouch when I see the name of us any state in the United States Alaska Oh Wow Swift is goofy goober where are you from No way the state I mean you okay okay all right So it just says why name uh We give you a fair one here Hmm So it just says My name Swift is what I name a country that the UK or the British have at one point in history colonized Swift is a stand-up Hmm Oh, I know he's gonna go there Alaska All right India Are you not slow? Practice games are over guys that was just practice the lobby I should have died there all right next up Uh, what I name a real continent crouch Piliaton Mega continent Prehistoric super conglomerate continent Antarctica Are you guys stupid? What? I didn't say a swift possess You can swear all you want I And you was what I was looking for Great now for you and back to homeland Swift just says The last person to crouch when I say a real continent will die If you crouch at the wrong time you will also die All right Tuesday The continental breakfast at iHOP The continental hotel United States North Africa You're Asia Southeast Asia New Zealand Australia Oh Yeah, no, no, it's a It's the continent. Oh, yeah, yeah, I'm straight. Where's he? Australia? Yeah, where does New Zealand fall in the continent then because it's not Australia the continent is it that's the country No, no problem man. No problem. No Hey, I got hang on doors This is N.I.M. Europe education difference. I'm not even gonna lie. Hey Google is Australia continent Australia is a continent Oh, I just want to go on over man You can kill me but you won't kill my ideas I agree with you I'm sure it was a continent made up of Australia and New Zealand New Zealand All right, you guys can write a very certain letter to Google after this all right Mm-hmm All right, so it says 4B please come with me So it is the 4B please stand over here it's too dark over there too dark Have them in the top four All right, great All right, so it says tell me what a prime number is Anybody Oh, no, that's the visible by self and one Right, right All right, so it just says the number that's the visible by itself and one for example So it just says crouch if five is a prime number Great it is because you can divide five by anything by itself or abide by the number one, right So it just a stand up if six is a prime number Right, great, right, so it just a stand up So it just says the last person to crouch When I say a prime number we'll die Oh my god, who's some math 4 6 8 16 24 21 22 28 36 1000 Which is look at me. Stop looking at other players. Go for you. You're gonna die This is accepted You got this goofy 700 800 18 36 50 51 This 51 not a prime number No, it's not about three. No, it's not oh wow We have 17 I want to die 4 All right 59 For new fee. So excuse me please stop for it I You Why is the much and I just I can't believe I've had said I did the final thing in stupid failed that one Swiftress says please follow me It is all of them There's a green infinite amount of not the prime numbers that is true You I can use the partners off the top of my head right now. That's crazy All right, Swiftress has shotgun silver name 10 prime numbers So certainly we got three Five seven eleven thirteen nineteen How many was that that's that six No six. Okay, I got you 43 The 20 oh 29 97 103 there you go That's right to me. All right. All right. Welcome. All right. So it says shotgun. Please stand over here complete the challenge I thought you're gonna die right Right to all right. So it was black mamba stilfer Look at each other So it just says you guys will take turns saying prime numbers the first person to mess up will die So it is black mamba your first You Wait Do it Okay, okay, okay, all right continue Five seven 11 17 19 31 23 43 29 67 97 71 83 89 53 31 That's already been said right Yeah There one is a prime number. It was probably but what is that it was said already I think so first of it All right that game was all as fun than I thought it was oh yes No There's another way to Yeah, let's get one on all right Which besides both of you please follow me here with the winner is Kill each other good luck so far Yeah, good luck kill each other Think you boot kill each other Sounds like the little voice inside your head telling you to do bad things Why kill each other We wait for kill each other Wait you guys don't have a voice inside your head telling your stuff Kill each other That So just join me up here You do each other All right fine so does this fill each other with love Love doesn't evolve bullets That's enough love. Yes. Good job. So it says crouch Now kill each other So it says take two steps towards each other Kill each other So it says take another step Kill each other So it says another step Kill each other So it says one more step Kill each other One more step I didn't say it's for precise You guys fall for that one You all is fucking damn it That is forgiven for worries All right So it says take one more step towards each other Unforgiven kill each other Pretty good pretty good So it says stand So it says take one more step towards each other So it says take another step Fire He's very dangerous So it says tires around So it says jump So it says this is the way The finale So it says make your gun tips Touch each other Two claws what the hell bros What the hell All right you know Oh no All right great game guys fire All right so it says awkwardly stare each other until for the notice So it says after I fired my gun three times Killed the other player So it says follow me don't forget that command though So it says follow me So it says I want each of you guys to smash one window on this car You So it says follow me the glass is too strong So it says knock over these two cones I don't see cones It's okay shotgun did it for you all right so it says follow me Okay So it says follow me So it just says it's time for racism check sort of as well for you guys come with me So it says look at this wall So it says look at this wall So it says If you believe those four Women are his his daughter is crouch No If you believe those four of women are his wives crouch Races of detective Hmm Yeah That one's a little young there I don't know about that one Jesus guys Yeah So it says follow me So it says follow me All right, so it says both of you guys stand over here So does this aim you yep, so does both of you guys stand over here and looking at the duck Or whatever the bird so does aim your guns at the eye It's what you says fire one shot You missed so does aim at the eye I see shots like below So it says Aim at the eye so it says fire at the shot at the duck So fire there you go A little closer you guys too far off so it's like aim a little more than a top left All right, so it says fire Oh I Will You're not wrong. No, you got it. You're not wrong That was so fast I'm guessing you pretty prepared for that one shotgun. I'm guessing you knew that was happening I did Shout out the stuff will for it a greater attempt at winning silent stuff for you use our number one job And shout out to the rest of the community shout out to my opponents you guys are wonderful like always and also shout out to Swift Love these guys man keep putting a heart of fame. Please. I appreciate man. Gee. Let me let me send away I want to go. I'm gonna get it. Oh, yeah. Yeah, go for it Oh Do you guys