 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says Twitter says last person to crouch dies Yeah, just go ahead You made it back into the game bro I've been here for like 10 minutes Yeah, do me a favor, so just please crouch I, Swift, you know I can't do that I bet you can I'm gonna fire a bullet right over here. Oh there we go last person to crouch where to go where to go All right, is what is rushing please follow me All right last person to crouch there we go It was rushing Well, if they do look man, doesn't this look really sturdy over here man concrete slabs protecting you I mean you can survive this right? I think this is Oshavarified Yeah, look all you gotta do All you gotta do is hide behind that and survive for like 10 seconds They can't be healed like that's all you gotta do Wait hide behind this brick wall. Yeah, good that man. It's hide behind that it I'm behind this if you survive you're good to go man. Can I pop a smoke? Oh Oh Yeah, go ahead pop a smoke Just like whenever I'm ready you can pop a smoke right now if you want That was a foul Sir, yeah, I just stop now what What do we believe just happened there? I thought that was a smoke. I was not paying. No, that's not the issue man What else happened guys He's standing over here. That's right. I didn't say what just says bro All right, you did not switch says aim at Russian oh Jump the gun there So it was this dark lord step right up Right, so it says step right up over here, please All right, you're actually just gonna play the game the each plate So it's all you gotta do is survive behind this slab. That's it In fact, so it says you can stand anywhere you want on this platform Everyone does just want to go into prone behind that slab. What if you want to do Your goal is to not die Sort of as you can begin visiting here He's just crying So as you guys can stand up Which is as when I say the name of a fruit you guys can begin trying to kill him without moving from your current spot That means lethals, you know Practicals bullets whatever You know Dark lord you want to stand like that Yeah, they're exactly man there you want you should try to survive right Did you say anything because it's not fun if he just doesn't meet me. Well, sometimes it is anyway Usually says you want to go up there man All right Anyway, just as when I say the name of fruit you can try and kill Dark lord all right Banana So Does it stop wait really now me died Well, they don't make them like they used to wow man Well, that's all right budget cuts Swift says get on the wall behind you I was counting in my head by the way the 10 second countdown Um, then it move over a little bit So Only this is part of the wall so we should be good I don't know You're fun man you're fun you're fun too cool. Don't worry about it, bro Now so just says In front of you'll be here is one of those Target Is there another one around your no it's right over here. So you know you got your head target. Yeah, you're chest target Uh, it's a little QR code. I want to look you where the QR code goes. Oh, that curious stuff. I check right now. Anyway We have a little uh a little contest here Um Basically your job is going to be just make sure I can actually Oh wow, that was I'm pretty good. Anyway, your job will be to do uh a no ADS shot a hip fire shot between you and another person the person that's the closest shot to the center of either bullseye Is the winner really simple All right, so if just says crotch if you'd like to participate Wow, why would you volunteer for this you're gonna guys gonna die. Anyway, it's just trooper and hungry come on down guys So it just says you guys we take interns very cool now first off. So it's both of you guys come with me You guys see a bullet hole No, no, you don't see a bullet hole You don't you don't see it right here No, I see it on your screen. But I see it on you. Yeah, I Stop looking at my screen. I brought care about your screen So this is both of you guys come on over here. We're gonna try it out. Maybe it'll work That I'm here. Cool. So you guys will go one of the time your job will be to just fly our bullet without aiming down site Anyone get as close to one as you target as you can So does this trooper? At least stand over here. You're gonna go first Over that over here What bro that close you crazy bro right here right yeah you you went over there All right, man. Yeah, go okay. Go ahead. So it says begin trooper I see your shot. It's right here All right, so they're gonna say you're yeah, you're this distance that one all right. So just as hungry you're up next man That's be pretty easy to beat You Just beginning whenever you're ready Sir your bullet hole is way at the bottom over here So just as trooper return back to the line Is not looking good I mean it looks great now, but just as unload That's good now great that was fun wasn't it when you saw I saw the both bullets register over here well fun times Now we're gonna pick two more players play the same exact game So does that first two people to crouch play that game Why but is it me cool man come on down The cool man did you make a mistake or you're doing that for fun I'm doing never fun right you know what when that spirit of things So it was my cool man. Please choose one player to face off against Hmm I'm gonna go with echo All right, there we go all right all right guys beautiful. So once again the role is Strictly hipfire no ADS all right I'm gonna stand right over here against my better judgment and if I get shot I'm gonna be very sad so So it just says me cool man fire whenever you're ready Okay No ADS right that is correct hipfire only All right for sure you missed it You're you're over there opa you know what man. I'm still gonna count that distance wise, but we'll see all right So does echo you're up next man Whenever you're ready Can you look at me? I am still not ADS thing. I just want to make sure Stand your ass up right now you goddamn scumbag all right stay clear say a little bit more Say a little bit clearer. I don't want to shoot you. I'm fun. Look just aim at the thing and you want your hipfire won't hit me man You're fine. Look I'm confident. So does this begin Oh Guys miss the target It's a redo for both you guys All right, all right cool man you're up next man you guys guys come on. Let's hit the target. We can do it Okay Bigad me cool man Oh Cool man that was that was hipfire Yes, hipfire wow. I don't know why I didn't like stick over there, but it's right the bottom of the chest circle All right next up echo. I was a good shot All right echo whenever you're ready Sorry Sorry No I'm sorry He didn't say such a good one. That's a good one. That's a swift recess. Yeah Better firing I was watching what close were hitting man. I was watching that was fair and balanced like Fox news. Don't worry All right, what's that closer on that very fair you were not you were not closer So you missed you missed oh, I would have I would have seen the impact with it all right Swiftress says everyone please follow me. Let's go to a different part of this gigantic map It's time for a park or challenge. Let's go All right, let's see will be a fun park or challenge. I've got an idea There's will start especially good off for a second. Let me just figure out the wrapped All right I already feel my challenge hang on what to make sure I can do my own challenge first Yeah, that's fair. All right, so I'll show you guys the routes. What does this please pay attention You will start over here Jump here. How about this platform then here Then over here and here easy right then up here Then on the fence And then you're done. It's the only hard parts are maybe like We're really good no hard parts. This is super easy. You guys will all live. So it says everyone on top of that wall It's so easy Triple we got no room up there for you man I don't I think it'll sit last time too. What does this trooper? Please come stand over here man. You'll just go last. It's fun. All right cool You wait turtis as we'll do being the one that's one of that time for each player because you we go ahead and go first man Looking good. All right great Esa cake Esa cake Great and this is the hardest part success good job man All right All right, so one of the rules if If you fail I'll ask you to go into pran but it says Lado you're up next man good luck Easy all right, so it says band it you're up How much of a challenge is it? He talking off it will All right, let's trap go for it All look close there all right panda let's go ahead Sir To this panda please go to the front thank you. There's two cool go for it My controller suck. It's okay man Okay troopers, so does it go ahead man Come on true Troopers are professional these They're good this trooper professional part cool. Got it. He's got it I hope you like walked up over there. All right, so does this panda too cool. So does this please come with me All right, let's see I want you guys to play a mini Goolog Just says panda please stand over here So it just says too cool please stand over here I've so you got two big routes right you got the big white open left side and you've got the small hole over here So I guess it's a two lane mini map right here Uh anyone else over there who wants to come watching come over here and check it out Damn So it says come with me man you don't die man I didn't say swifter says but swifters says come with me man you get to play too I know you know swifters says Hmm Face the wind wind probably or not so it says just chill over here All right Great all right swifters says Let's go over the rules because the rules are primary only That's it no lethals or or secondary's melee is legal though Swifter says begin Oh Sorry too cool all right great Okay Panda you want You we you're up next switches come on over Right there we're too cool you sustained No one be one The winner of this one wins their freedom He's a cake Ready said go Rose switches that stop I didn't say swifters says go But I actually want to see this so I'll let that go Hey buddy I didn't say start yet Bro wake you wake up man I didn't say go All right All right swifters says go Oh Well there we go sort of spanned up please return to the group you survive Okay now up to five Great I finally get to use my proximity mine So it says all five players come stand over here So it says go into prone Which says I've noticed a few guys you know looking at my stream during this one There's there's no more looking at my stream for you five about to put down a proximity mine No cheating allowed Hmm Oh All right great So after says the last person that get to me guys go Remember to be careful You And it I was here All this hell let's take them under garbage here all right Trab you at the last first to make it man I'll be real guys there was no there was no proximity mine Oh It's tough to validate whether you guys were all right so does everyone come over here You know what that was a trash mini game I can't there's no way for you to tell whether you guys were new or not All right here you go This is even better Will that kill me when it goes off oh Hello there I love right no I think I'll be okay I know he's good he's good This is game this is gonna be the the game winning mini game by the way So it says the first person stab me wins That was phenomenal no That's No one killed me I killed myself All right sort of says panda bandit and Lado please return back to those that original you know door location Unfortunately the game is not over That was top two someone was very close to stabbing by the way if you actually mean if you all if you stab me You would have won the game For two mile proxie me mine got me first All right cool So just as the game continues you have Lado And it panda so just please stand up Which says in this room there are four large pains of glass Which is each of you guys they're in front of one of those pains of glass So just as look at your pain of glass Yes Last person break their glass dies The first two people paid sorry the first two people break their glass survive Lifted says crouch So after says stand So it says jump Fire He has a ticket for that Swiftress says the second person to break their glass dies The glass doesn't break Well there goes that mini game all right no problem let's kill each other Swiftress says crouch Swiftress says aim at one other player You When I say the move Pokemon kill both other players Beetlejuice Atlas horseman Pikachu These guys are very good they're listening very careful Swiftress says When I say the name Of a Michael Jackson song kill the two other players All about the Benjamin's Killer Just eat it Okay The Jackson five Your guy I hope you guys know these songs when I say them Zombie song Thriller I like unlike abandoned who's the winner Uh, Lado congratulations Thank you Swift Bad indeed a little tough of the sniper I don't believe it had impacted the game that case But yes, I should have told them to stop All right good game guys You did you ever want considering the small lobby that was fun Thank you for that laying me down with the magical Jackson mini game And yeah, that was a fun one great job guys GG McCormann why didn't you pick me with the no-scope challenge I had a sniper I thought that's why I switched to a good one nice I mean