 What is up everyone welcome this whifter says only do what I say when I say switch to says it's Simon says in college Everyone here knows that I play Simon says right you don't know how to play Simon says actually don't if you do not play Simon says crouch now All right, I mean one of those lobbies I said I don't know if you're standing or crouching switch or says you crouch Wow weird okay, you see a doctor about that all right For this next there is for this first mini game it'll be a little bit dangerous I don't want everyone to participate so if you fit on top of this van you don't have to play go ahead go Switch says get on the van to be safe Oh, surprise surprise Super says Charles come on over mad take lock rejoin the game It's a game sir Colleague as g rejoin the game you know I saw I was like No, I'm gonna get our turret early it's really great Makes no sense that I don't know how that went off when I didn't even click down on my Pro controllers right I'm getting pushed up Just go All right here you go five four three two one two three That's a spirit switch says you two stand over there So just as you join them Yep right there, bro. All right, I'm back All right you guys what murders for just to get on the roof you guys are exempt all right you three let's get some names hello Name please Is anyone here I hear yeah I'm you Did I mean oh is that car oh yeah, I'm gonna eat yesterday. All right karma welcome next you So sorry, solly and you Darts welcome guys All right This mini games be very simple for you guys Last person's five out of three view lips go You know that usually gets folks Oh Switches fill each other with love no no stop bullets that bullets Bugs I love you. There you go just kidding use bullets Sir Great great glad he prayfu like he didn't say Swiftr sense No, Swiftra says they won't be a follow me Atleast All right, please building Are there no fun rooms? Oh here we go. Yeah, so it says get on the balcony over here So just as please make room for everybody Don't just lose the game I mean there's no real losing or winning in this game It's just about participating and having fun and getting shot Yeah, there's no brain don't get shot All right looking good Swiftress has crouch Let's kick out the folks with bad reaction last person to stand dies Last person on this bus dies Swiftress says first person the bus dies Hang on why Swiftress says you you you sort of as everyone who stood up get on top of there. I didn't say stand up Get on get on there bro get on anyone else Swiftress says right out the people who stood up anyone else all right, I didn't stand up. I didn't see anyone All right, that's it. That's cool. All right So the first three people did not survive our first mini game. Let's see how you three do Swiftress says you three please stand shoulder It's not You're not standing that's okay. Please look at whatever whatever Swiftress says you three look at each other There'd be no bullets at all involved in this mini game not at all no bullets Swiftress says make comes after April Maylight Persona didn't they swiper says bro Yeah, you know, maybe we get to this small bad because I can't catch you guys when you're all together Maybe you just need to be isolated. Okay, great. Swiftress says go get in one of the two Sorry, so just get one of the two toilet stalls go ahead first floor. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Just follow Tiong natural orders Bottom floor Let me in no No problem listen actually in trouble if you can't fit inside the stall I made it I'm yeah, I'm three two one. So it says freeze Says freeze Sorry, so it says you're clearly not in please back up Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm gonna fire a single bullet right outside the stall. So you're not completely inside I recommend going over there Swiftress says look to your left if you see the book bowl gonna go through I'd move back Yep, yep So there's why are you so exposed go over there you were gonna die you should probably join these guys over there Is there a reason why you're prone pushing people out? Think I may as though really there's major small when you're prone I'll let you guys that that's why all right great Swiftress says everyone here, please get on these stairs Quick push a make it switch resist stop moving not them stall folks. You're safe. You don't need to squeeze anymore Great thank you. All right, so does this please make two single file lines on these stairs I'm really on the line I Can't help you sir Look at your left. I'm not I don't care about my left. Thank you, man. All right, so Okay, don't worry about it. All right Swiftress says You guys over here line one So it says you guys over here line two Swiftress says line one jump You did not jump that was a very late jump what's your name? So does Mohawk man you now are part of line number two come to the front That was a very delayed jump So it's Mohawk man switch lines this There thank you All right, try this again Swiftress says line two jump Sir, you're not in line two. What are you doing? I got pushed so I pushed you into the air it lifted you yes into space they made you jump Explained to me how I can do that how can I make how can I reproduce that phenomena I have no idea one other way to make you jump I push him don't look at me All right, where was that line two jump that was a good shot Oh, dear Oh Unfortunate line one jump Oh line three minus two jump To the math guys Line three minus two jump So if you says the line that equals the number three minus two Jump now Thank you the line that equals one plus one jump now Good enough we couldn't let people Swiftress says everyone follow me front to the basement Swiftress says everyone get in front of a washer Oh Wait, this is not a fine I'll go right here I can't really move anywhere so I'm just gonna there it oh problem Face me All right, so just please make sure you're standing up so one's in front of you don't worry about it's not a big deal I Just forget the game I actually want to play but we've to kill someone here made you guys come down here for a reason so much to die right last person crouch dies So just as crouching you die Swiftress says last person to crouch dies You're probably thinking right now was it me was either last person to crouch Swiftress is where you're thinking that nod No, no, it's like in that You chance you're thinking that bro on a Australian internet All right, all right you you've you've won over my heart. You're all the heart. You got me. All right. Oh, thank you last person to stand does Oh Swiftress says everyone get on top of the bus any spot you want Okay Swiftress with to land Yeah, Siri had If you need to go from balcony roll now, yeah, it's easy Oh Together All right Swiftress, this please choose your spot on top of the bus it will determine whether you live or die during this minigame I'm moving in All right All right All right All right, okay, so it says freeze that is now your position Swiftress if you see anyone leave their position kill them carefully Luke that's your spot hold on to it. All right now. I'll need an assistant. Let's take a look here. Let's take a look here Dark are you still alive or still in the voice chat? Yeah, I'm still here. Here I go. I need your help dart dart All right, I'd like you to tell me dart whenever you want tell me when to stop I Anytime now stop thank you. All right next Um Charles you're still there Always not all right. Uh, be skimming you there Like I'm here. All right be skimming tell me when to stop whenever you want stop All right No Congratulations if you survived you're allowed to grab one of the care packages you're fast enough go for it Oh Okay All right, so the bus fun is not over yet. Oh, well, I have two century guns. What the heck? Oh my god Oh Please don't use the century guns So many of you guys that as long as you Yeah, I love you guys. So it says come on down. I can't sure code it So it says come on down Homelanders would say Guys, I've decided I'm gonna do a little bit of rebranding with a really sentenced area this middle warehouse area over here Whatever it is no longer it is now swifters bald house of fun. All right Your job will simply be to go in this side and the entrance and go up via the single entrance on the north side That is your only job That is it what can be waiting for you inside all sorts of fun Now you simply must go through before the timer is up So Which is says please wait out here if you want a stream watch try and get some intel you can but it's not gonna be all that much Oh Well, if we're dead exit two right We don't for e-Brex, okay. Yeah, either I just fine. Sorry. Yeah either exit. That was one exit for some reason Oh Oh, sorry, I was the only joke my three year old told me no big deal. Oh What was the joke we want to hear it? No, it's inappropriate for people of all the rages. All right. Oh No, there's poor troll jokes. Yeah, I'm pretty intense Evoke You have to make All right, oh, it just says you have 30 seconds. Good luck 30 seconds gets orders get to get to get to exit right now 30 seconds Wow A lot of people Let's go homelander This is your last one of the homelanders The skins are the skins are gone. Oh no, oh my god. Homelanders are All right, seven six five four three two one Which is one freeze. All right. Is that everybody? Love you guys made it good job You guys all went through that exit huh Oh Looking good looking good looking good There we go. All right, great. You know the good news is that uh All the center guns are gone. Just kidding. So it says reverse course last person back here dies Oh Good god Oh my god All the older died there we go I think you did a good job At it One two three four five I think one two people died Seven eight now one person died 11 Oh Yeah, that's right. Okay, excellent good job guys. What does the laps of the shoulder survived Now behind you is the cafeteria. So what does says please open the door All right, so just looking me no cheating And that cafe's here. They're only actually three tables I want to equal number people on each table. Any table is not equal. I will make it equal Ready said go Swiftress says go Watch I'm going to work out numbers one two three four Oh wait three tables there's a lot of tables How are they confused? I'll be real. I was counting on you guys running in there anyway. All right Yeah, forget that game. It's okay Three equal groups who says I want three equal groups Get back in a little one two three four one two yeah What is it? This is a 12 people yeah perfect perfect all right So it says I would like to see some surgery done I Want three people in each group. Well, it's maybe used You can kill people in other teams or you can kill people on your own team Up to you guys hang on the go boom if it's not three people per group there will be bad things happening Ready set go Two jobs for says go Hang on That's why I don't shoot cool people in the left I got you they wanted the defense Good Somebody from the opposite table shot What are you guys get out? You would have died sir you should probably still die we'll let it go That was messy all right means we need to kill more people all right. I want three groups of two people now Ready set go I'm gonna catch you boys without your two two strong So it says three groups of two people good luck You welcome guys you're welcome you guys go through this I did it Good job Swiftress says you six please follow me good job guys Home ladders Worked out All right, you guys please carefully get on top of the fence We use this fence a lot all right Swiftress says please make sure this is a bit of space between you and the person next You don't want to be right XM for this one All right, Swiftress says no prone allowed Perfect where the sadx coming from You Frux me mine No prone allowed no jumping allowed only running or walking And you must come from that fence directly to me straight line Yeah, I should be safe over here Swiftress says last person reach me dies You guys There we go Wow, I'm surprised by the safe safe Over there who thought of that why would you risk it? I thought a trigger it. That's why I didn't go that way. Yeah, yeah Bye players let follow me Swiftress says you guys the crem de la crem Swiftress says please follow me What does that mean Swiftress? The best of the don't speak I don't speak green What Matt All right cool this many games even easier All right, Swiftress says if you fall down one of these holes you'll lose you just automatically die Ball the roof you die you hanging off the roof you die let's be standing in the roof at all times I have to do now is evade the Wilson So it just says we get too close to me I knew it I knew it Swiftress says if anyone gets close to me you didn't shoot them but don't shoot me So it just stay away from me stay on the roof good luck So it just says you may be in moving No Why would you do this to me Anyway, Swiftress is gonna live you I I think everybody said sad you close and I've definitely spotted up here before I guess doing on this apex Yeah, that's too bad. Okay, mix me again So just says please an optional of a shoulder All right for this one one person just gonna die Look at your part in the eye Just you Didn't say swift recess. Okay cool All right, let's take a look at the names of the players for remaining we have Emmy Syrian Once homeland doing homeland squishy and remaster way to go guys all right cool All right, so it says turn around All right, so it says last person looking me dies So it says the last person look at me dies He never looks at you. He can't die. She did look He's the coiled head all right All right last person look away dies I can work in you guys right Come on, I'm on control the man I got our two home landers two home landers too many so does this homelanders look at each other No, come on You're not doing it. You're not doing it boys. You're not doing it. You're not looking at each other. You get a do it or not Oh She please stand over here You can't kill me home lander home lander. Oh, do I Rejoin or wait until uh wait until sell out no no no look sir that game will be a separate lobby. Don't worry You're fine. I will let you kill me if you pick up my gun so my spirit stays with you deal not Yes, we guys want to go shit you can go ahead Anything for you I will do anything for you I will crack your car. All right, so let's not when I say the name of any character from From From the boys the TV show you guys are both very familiar with you can kill the other player any character at all Mother's orange juice You We in the news Oh, yeah, so it says do it when I say the name of a character from the boys. I was like oh, I didn't like the little way I didn't like the little wave no man. I don't like that um. I was that was not nice All right, let's see here. All right. Uh chat. Take a talk twitch you two and if you guys you guys give me some some some obscure characters from the boys Um Towner is not one bro White nor M80 Oprah Maybe maybe Marine boy Stewie So thanks that man Transparent Donald Trump what Oh John Cena oh My clear. We are me Yo, Kuh. Shrek Shrek Shrek Terminator Torch You These homelanders are good It's like the Disney thing again. Where's just all frog ride? See lander Aqua boy Been man. I actually don't remember his name. What was the name again? The water guy Yeah, look. Yeah, well, what was it? What it's the deep oh yeah the weep The weep and angels What are the rings? Brunchy doesn't have any superpowers All right Oh, they have no over yet. That's right. We saw them with the player. That's right. That's right. Yeah So it says DJ squishy. Did I ask you to come back over here? No, sir Yeah, let's make it sure you understood. So this is both of you guys follow me Okay, great. So this is both of you guys go inside this container It's real simple. I'm gonna fire bullets into the container last person to live wins or first person die loses Which says as long as you don't leave the container you're good to go You It's really close You I'm listening to their footsteps. They should be crouch walking if they were smart Okay Let's go And graduation Remaster is the winner. Sorry squishy. Were you guys staying together or what was the plan there? We were kind of opposite usually and then we kind of clumped up. She got shot And Gratzman you got some time talk to your people out there speak to your fans go for it I want to give a huge shout out to my fellow home lenders this game They made yeah Oh Great game guys GG one episode guys great episode Oh fun one GG if you guys want to join these games join our discord server to search for Swift or discord Join in any way can play and jump into the games. Don't need to pair whatever your odds are better if you do pay But you can play so pop on it We're going to get the