 What is up everyone? Welcome back to Swiftress says we're doing we're on derailed. Swiftress says the last person to this train car is dead go Last person inside last person side So this is once we're inside help me watch for the last person. I'm old. I don't remember these things last person in Two people outside Thank you back in the game if you disconnected Make room don't be rude Is everyone in here Hi frost frost frost blast Blast Frost so does this come on over man. Let's have a post game interview How you doing frost where you from Virginia very cool man, let's also thank you for your service now It'll last one in what I think it's wrong to is this your first game with us? No, right? It is yeah, there we go. I don't I feel like it's wrong to kill someone you know first time first game What are you guys missing by jumping up and down what what gameplay you're missing over here? Are you okay just to relax? All right, so so frost what where do you think you're your gameplay strength is is it is it parkour? Is it melee is it like confiding if I were to give you a challenge right now? What kind of challenge would you like? I Parkour okay, good. We'll go parkour all right So what just says everyone now the train car lineup you're gonna choose the person want to face off against I have no idea what the challenge is but you'll face off in a parkour challenge And if you can beat them or they let you win you're going to rejoin the group and if you fail unfortunately You do die, but you know what man we're having some fun and at the end of the day That's totally what counts or something something blah blah thing really you know heartwarming Cool, alright, so this is frost. Please pick anyone player you'd like If you're humming stop kind of funny just give versus skin all right there we go. Oh, Vissy's because of Vissy come on down Vissy how are you? I'm good. I'm good this time here. Oh, look at the first time for okay, so unfortunately all right So obviously I will say this is a zero risk many game for you unless I'm how you you kill yourself So obviously no matter what happens You will live in fact you could just let him win if you like fellow first timer It might be shameful Okay, okay, but with that said I mean how would you write yourself in terms of like you know parkour challenge and call duty the ability They kind of like you know traverse from area to area And when I play like I'm normally pretty good, but this is US service or might be a little bit different No, problem. This is not gonna be really time-sensitive in fact You know what instead me having to think of something original I'm gonna do with the movie industry does we're just gonna reuse some old stuff So it says everyone follow me We're gonna go back to that lamp post remember that one yeah, yeah the lamp post challenge I Think it's I don't know where it is Right here it's right here. It's right over here. No one break any glass. So not break any glass Right, so if just as you're more weight down here All right, okay, so if just as I would like both Ovissey and Frost to follow me Mobile here there you go Guys, just gentlemen, please follow me. I'm gonna bring your eyes to where the challenge will occur This is not it one more floor. I'm sorry I Remember this is a little swift recess game only do what I say when I say swift recess Yeah, I don't expect everyone in my game. So watch every single episode I upload would be nice though If other guys seen the episode we previously did it on derailed where people are to jump on top of that light pole I think you guys are sure yeah, okay Lobby will die to that one Anyone put multiple layers on here? You guys get as many tries as you like the first person to jump on top of that light pole successfully lives in the other person dies That's it. So it says let's make this fair I'd like both of you guys switch us just stand right over here shoulder to shoulder Now again, I'll repeat this one more time Ovissey man if you whether you wouldn't you know what you don't oh sorry I say you die you don't you you'd be impossible if you die this challenge you're not being punished you were selected If Ross gets it first you both live if you get it first frost eyes. I know you say didn't care I'm just gonna repeat that man just so just see you know now. I'm gonna try and do it for I don't think I've actually done this myself Nope I fail All right, all right you two guys remember This is a swift recess only do what I say when I see switch recess It goes for everybody All right, so does everyone else you're just watching you're not you're not killing anybody Alright both you guys can begin whenever you're ready go ahead Swift or says go That's a missus go back up there and retry man There we go Tax print anyway. Are you guys out there can give some tips though anyone have tips for doing it secondary Jumping helps jumping helps Make sure you have your secondary and before and make sure that you All right, all right there you go Frost you do not get murdered and like I said Ovisse there's no penalty for you Ovisse did you go easy on them at all? No, there we go there we go great while learned that well earned It's what just says frost come on down. We can resume the game now with a total of zero pillars killed And how many minutes are we into this episode too many minutes for people dying we're gonna fix that right now Swift or says please follow me Sir oh no Your game crashed what's your name in game? Black Mamba all right Mamba So does black Mamba rejoin the game let me know in your back so I can give you a proper welcome Swift is there what please call me Oh boy, we'll get the path from All right, Swift says we have two electrical towers here each tower has four foundational points or whatever you want to call them Swift to speak one of these eight points to stand here go ahead I really like this side oh If you give all right then one of these four That makes sense that makes sense Great Now I mentioned earlier that no one died yet that looks what I died All right you guys will be playing against the people you're in the in the group you're with there are four grips At least one person per group will die But how This one's gonna be a little bit different and put you guys in an awkward situation We playing a category game with each of you guys The person who wins the category game first Yes, the pick who dies in the group So for example all right group one over here I'd like you guys to lap shoulder shoulder But just as you guys yes Yeah, you guys are group one Oh shoulder shoulder please Yeah, yeah, yes, it's shorter sense Okay, great so The way this is gonna work is I'm gonna ask you let me see here. Look at the rules People have been pretty vocal recently about me not doing my research before you these trivia questions I'm sorry to inform you that I don't care Is black mamba Yes Is black mamba please stand right here you're part of this group now Okay, great. So does the group win only listen carefully What does that is when I name any creature from North mythology You'll crouch the first person to crouch correctly We'll get to choose someone to die you if you crouch incorrectly. It'll be you that dies All right, let's see your North mythology. I'm gonna actually you know what No, I'm you know I lied. I'm kind of I do care kind of tell people calling me irresponsible Norse Mythology Reachers here we go. Cool it up There's a lot of stuff No G Norse Ethology creature switchers as well. I say the name of a creature of North mythology the first person to crouch Gets to pick someone to die all right here we go. This is a long list All right Okay, God all right here we go First potential creature Loki So it says stupid face iron come on over here man. Yeah, I All right question for everyone else in the game is Loki a creature No That's correct. He's not a creature. Let's continue the game Next Iron man God Okay, um how about Also, these are really hard pronounce Uh Pickle skin him No How about Uh Usual bobs No one knows that one. Okay um Anger balls No one's taking a chance on these huh Let's get I mean I mean all those up you guys are correct those are all fake I made those up How about um Elves So there's a risk mark for me man Oh come on you think you think an elf is part of North mythology I currently have a pull up on google and the you think of googling bitch just Okay, anyway, yes you're correct All right, so just as Rizmar choose one person to die from your group Do I kill them? No, pick them. No, just pick them. Black mama why are you picking black mama because I need like how close she got to me So just black mama come on up All right, just Rizmar please return to your group Congratulations you've chosen someone to die black mama How do you feel about this Um it was his choice I guess I mean I didn't I don't think I was too close but I mean that's whatever You know where's mara take it back you can kill them go ahead Oh I didn't say swift or since Keep your ears open folks all right can go out your choice the group one you're the survivors Okay, let's go All right, so just says group two please lap shoulder to shoulder All right next one Swiftress says When I name a real flavor of Oreos that's ever existed Perhaps if you crouch when I list uh when I name a fake flavor of Oreo you will die So just says listen carefully You Meruana Oreos Not yet one day Ecto slimer Oreos You Ripped by the foot Oreos You guys looking around all nervous Pumpkin Oreos What does this J dog come on over man It was J dog please stand up so J dog Was that a guess or are you sure there's a pumpkin flavored Oreo out there I think it's a pumpkin spice now I think about it not pumpkin I think Let's see our pumpkin flavored Oreos Ah, yeah, yeah, that's what I'm not the one that's gonna die if he's wrong No, that that's logical and pumpkin spice or Oreo. I think pumpkin skies is legal. That's fine So does J dog pick one person who's lying to die Oh All right, well there's lands how do you feel about J dog picking you I know I brought my seal All right, so the J dog please return to the group You You guys should be bothered I should be more responsible host all right all right time for group three All right, when I see the name of any character from the Marvel universe First person Cratchel picks one to kill Um Ghost rider Who does the BMO come on over All right BMO that I say Swiftress says No It was too easy it might be too good to be true All right, Swiftress says we're gonna play for real now with you six all right here we go um Swiftress says when I say the name of a character a real character from the Marvel universe um You'll crouch hang out for this woman of actually have a little fun You're Oh boy, I love fun I The Marvel universe is big you know, we see I've seen a lot of characters Even the obscure characters in the movies and Disney but what I have here is I have an unopened pack of cards Um, this is the 1994 Marvel masterpieces trading cards set. I've opened up a bunch of these There are tons of characters. I have never heard of in my life in this set Oh, I may or may not name a few right now It's gonna be up to you The only crouch Swiftress is only crouch when I name a real character Here we go Hang on I'm gonna open this I don't want to damn these cards though Yeah, please Hang on I can do this Is it rare? Are these rare? I don't know I don't I don't think so I mean 19 someone who had those cards hard How long have I had them I bought these like last year All right, let's see Okay, here we go here we go. Okay. Okay. Here we go All right, let's see here. That's uh, no one knows this character That's and that's easy One obscure character All right, that's what might know this one All right, that one's also common um, and what the hell that's a weird one All right, here we go Squid boy Okay, no crouching okay turbulence Yeah Jambalaya Yeah moon crawler Interesting, let's see Bishop No, okay, um Let's see here Uh Cracticus Optimus prime Yeah, Superman Jubilee Oh my god white widow Okay poison poison ivy Archangel Oh, you guys are depressing me so much Guardian I would have got that White white that's too it's way too late to you on way too late. That's way too late. No you did no delayed responses Hang on all right Um Wolfie marine oh sorry, I miss red it High clops Sort of says come on over I mean So Let me tell me about that superhero by clops He's a like cyclops is like you know older brother with two eyes That was a fake Wolverine All right, there we go. Sully come on to I know only one person crouch for Wolverine Wow, you guys are killing me hang on Before I before I continue hang on I've named a bunch of real ones over here. I'm gonna go to full-screen mofus one really quick So jubilee our jubilee was was was a real one Redar in that one Turbulence was not one Is black widow carrying a baby or something? I don't know Uh Was real Oh, yeah, I wish was one of them Oh, I miss one best but chest piece and then arch angel Arkey, oh, and I knew I knew a bunch of real ones. Okay. Anyway, we can go back now All right, well, we had to go a long time on that one. All right. Yeah, Sully. It's what does this pick one person today? I Well, I mean I did uh, I was number two against beast gaming yesterday, but I'm not I'm not that mean so um Let's see I'll go with pug man potato Oh, no, how do you feel about that bro? I'm new to this game Welcome, all right, so just so Funny it's funny when you're not nice in these games. I don't look I don't know my fault people think it's funny I'm taking no responsibility for that. So this is only returned to the line All right, so it says you guys lap shoulder shoulder. All right All right, let's see your sword just says we'll let me just I'm just make sure this is fair So it says how many of you guys miss line have watched any of the doing movies There's a bunch of them. There's a new one the old one None of you guys never heard of them and what I always wanted to but Swift says you guys are killing me. You know, I'm gonna ask you a dude in question anyway screw you guys Come on All right, Swift says what I name a Character creature basically anything from doing the first person crutch wins Oh, wow Anything anything related to do in counts all right But it says this begins now Eminem Eminem's the candle Yummy worms Sand worms So just a searing come on over man You think there are sand worms and dune I'm taking my chances He's just guest Yeah, wait, is it don't tell me it's true There are there are sand worms and beetles juice bro. You think there's sand worms and dune Here's a big one There's yes, yes, there's sand worms and dune I hate the fact that you guessed That makes me so angry Oh, I wish I could show you now. Let's just pick somebody. I'm better Let's see you know, I'm not I have some history with boss man. I'm not that mean though Boss man I'm not very happy about that All right, so to says please return Blunt all right if you survive congratulations Swift or says everyone please join me as time for an even deadlier game I Know about not Like it's his last game ever man I was crying on the inside when I heard them just miss on X-Men names It's like I said it's this is this is OG Marvel stuff. Yeah, there's a reason there's a reason this characters aren't really in the show as your movies, you know Oh sure Oh I'm going up the other side hang on so just as wait great so just as please make your way to help this drink car Excuse me sir. Thank you Guys, do we need to get to go up the ladder like that you don't have to go up the ladder Sand worms like the I mean there's the survival Doon came doon game coming out and I feel like the sandworms and probably probably best be the best part about that right great So just as stand wherever you want on this train car So just as stand wherever you want the only thing is so just as your feet must be physically on top of the Train car you're no floaty feet allowed Yeah, so just as you have 10 seconds to finalize your spot 10 you go five eight it looks like it's seven six five four three two One sort of says freeze no more movement So just as good luck oh no Oh shit Oh yeah, it's not good No All right, Swiftus has fallen me aside for the next dangerous mini game I knew the sandbox Live three minutes two minutes. Oh Oh, I know why we can pick up your game in two minutes No props or just as a sign for Otis round Don't be worse than a lab Swiftus says everyone wait over here So just everyone together I'm gonna say this next mini game you will have to go through this tunnel That looks like a danger. Oh Oh, I'm not doing it Oh, last time I did this and I was the one that took the L. I'm good. All right, Swiftus says the first three people to get behind me Get the shoot everyone else that's coming towards them Wait, what is this? All right, oh, there's three people hanging out. What's the stop? I just too many people too many people too many people too many people too many people I don't think I'll leave all my I'm speed all right. Okay, no problem. I was definitely one of the I would want a three. All right, I definitely was the first one. Swiftus says everyone back in the tunnel I need to kill more of you guys off. We have a minute left. Oh Oh Next mini game to resist a stay in the tunnel a matter of what good luck There's a door to the inside Doing what are you doing right there So You gotta say man Say it's one peak of the tunnel why Yes Then it targeted him and we all died All right, babe, what is your shout out congratulations? Oh, thank you. Oh shout out to my sports I put that TV for flat-fabect TV. There you go Appreciate the community and everyone over that person spates in your games Yes, there you go. There you go. Could I could I'm up please give babe the shout-out on twitch all right gg man Oh Stole fair on a life by the way. Oh my god. It's 30 seconds anyway It doesn't matter. So what is so for just He look He stood on the edge he stood on the edge of the tunnel and the mosquito target it in him and that's why we all died Good lot of you guys. I don't think we can just like survive that I don't even know He was sitting in the middle. I don't understand you guys riles of me shield I was in the middle and stayed prone against the wall