 What's up everyone welcome to Swiftress says just do what I say when I say Ifters says Swiftress says when I jump in front of you you will crouch Rexic So No only when I jump Good job. Yeah, it's good job As a little sample all right. I have one. I have one pledge to make This is a small map. I don't plan to use any explosives to remove more players than intended So kills should be very intentional For example Swiftress says look at the person next to you Swiftress has stand up Swiftress move as close as possible to the person you're looking at I don't care if they're looking back at you or not All right good. Swiftress says no gunfire whatsoever you might kill more than one person That's why melee Listen, it's my dollar trick them don't you don't you Simon says shame them don't you dare Don't you dare You just got bad luck Yay I dropped my controller All right, when I fire my gun will only kill mainly the person in front of you if they're wearing a helmet or a hat or something okay melee just kidding Yes All right, Swiftress says look at me All right over here we have a small wall not all of you guys will fit you know I'll even count this the small this segment over here There's these two segments or accounts for this wall get up there and you're safe go Simon says go There's cap hit I've stinking super knocks come on over Wait Simon Swift or they look really this I'm very I promise I have stick trick. I'm stick trick Yeah, Jenny what are you doing? Are you sure man? You just trick me into thinking that the you were sticked within to our time we try to play off that Play that off Yeah, he has I dropped my controller so just as I get back in line All right, so this is you three on the wall All right back to boot camp for you three we have many Swiftress says just for you three Be three kill each other Good Don't just as jump last person to crouch dies Don't just as crouch Don't just as stand in you die Don't just as stand Don't just as first person to jump dies So this is jumping you die This is jumping you live crouching you die crouching you live Oh, we got one boys All right you two go back to the line good job I'm not alone yay All right Swiftress says here is the challenge for super knocks and cap I'm gonna drop some smoke on the ground here Your job is to switch places without falling off the wall Swiftress says if any of you guys see them fall off the wall kill them Swiftress says go I can see anything Yep the body fell Swiftress is both of you guys back in line good job All right Swiftress says everyone fall me to the center Professionals right union Fashionality Tof to says there are four quadrants on this platform soon as you choose any one of those four quadrants you'd like All right three two one switch it says breeze All right great Four of you will be dying All right Swiftress says The last person to crouch in this quadrant over here Blives So we all act up my punishment now Oh, yeah, you don't really forgot about that crab low commit suicide or hide see game. I didn't like that What's that would best All right none of them none of them crouch that's okay Okay, no look Way to stick together So you know you sacrifice your life right Yeah, oh, that's that's too sweet sort of this crab load super knocks only said one person would die in this quadrant It's both of you guys going me Oh What joined me all right switches both of you guys look at each other All right, Swiftress says whenever I use a word with the letter x in it Kill each other good All right, so it says you You five I love maybe we think about when to use that that word. I've no idea. It's naturally all right. So does you five? Um last person crouch does My call All right I'm moving around bro. That's yours very there you go all right Swiftress says Uh you five last person to jump dies All right and you five last person go to prone dies Excessed recess Peace I expected more from you guys All right, so does crab lower church I know right Abloing his way through life So just sort of just follow me Please remain up over here I All right, we're gonna do a little bit of a food challenge. I like food challenges All right, so Wait, this is gonna work is one of that time you guys will jump in front of me over here and tell me a food That contains cheese no duplicates allowed There's many foods with cheese so you guys should all should live So google whatever you got to google whatever it is and I just want to constantly flow here If you take too long to get over here, I start killing Third of says jump on your one at a time and give me a food. Let's go Okay, next Pizza we got good next Grill cheese next good Genjone soup yep next No duplicates macaroni and cheese yep next duplicates Next cheese toasty What a cheese toasty Yeah, the cheese toasted the same as a grilled cheese sandwich It sounds like it I'm a lead son are these is the difference How do you know? I feel it okay all right All right, I don't need a Wikipedia entry. Let's go all right All right Yep, good next Design there yep good next That's print I just made for How soon yep good next These curds yep good next Monster style fries yep next Cheese omelette yep cheese omelette yep next yes yes Can you what you say? I can just Wasn't that already Join me at least even meeting him a good finale Oh You guys guys know your cheese. Good job. Good job. I want some deep fried cheese. I'll make a good clip by the way All right, great. Switches a little app shoulder to shoulder Yeah, any any any line yeah, any lines one Okay Okay, great play very dangerous Game game here. All right. Oh no. All right last person crouches the target Dr. Says Angie and blue eyes come on down That says I didn't say sort of says so does all of you guys line up over here Oh boy All right, so just says Angie will be first. Would as Angie please stand in front of this target Oh, all right here are the rules Angie you were only allowed a crouch once really quickly. That's it There's many game you could do that whatever sort of you can crouch and stand back up quickly whenever you'd like All right All right now I need someone with us was what your secondary is a single fire I Snapper's a little bit too much here. I got a flamethrower. Let me hit fire it. I'm a throwing Did his primaries please. I'll judge This is a single shot primer. You know what? I got I got it. I got it. Okay, no problem So does Angie please move one step to your left But it was one baby stepped to your left. They're perfect. All right, so Angie here's the way the scene will work You get the fire you get the crouch once really quickly crouch and stand You also get to tell me exactly when to press my mouse button and fire the gun So I'm aiming at your head. So if you crouch and you time it properly and you gauge for my My you know my reaction time you should be able to live All right, okay, but close my eyes for this one which is Angie tell me when to fire Oh Did you do it So does Angie go back to the line All right, so just blu-eyes same deal All right All right, blue eyes. Yep Sort of blue eyes saving exact rules. You have the crouch and stand quickly whenever you do it once whenever you'd like Mostly to close my eyes and you'll tell me when to fire just as begin Fire It wasn't as fast. That was pretty yeah, I wasn't that fast of a crouch I'm a I suppose so I can't tell Yeah Okay, that's all right. We'll let that slide you can go back to the line Which is a return to the line Okay, no problem. That's fine. That's why I'm sure it was still fine Great. All right actually You know what I want to actually watch this one. Uh, please crouch one of all and try to be the person the fires the gun Yeah, no thanks. All right, cool Okay Next challenge this little calm over here cannot fit all of you guys, but if you fit up here well You can skip the next mini game twifter says go There you go. You see you gotta use all the tools available to you five seconds five four Three two one twifter says freeze All right, we have one two three four five swifter says you five Please get on top of this wall over here Well actually, you know what? So just you five come on down I have a have an idea for this one. All right, so When you guys get on that wall the order will be One two three four five from left to right You know based on the vision of the direction I'm viewing You guys will go up in there up there in any order you want and the viewers will vote for one number Out of those five to die So you got no one in this game is allowed to vote by the way, so there's no voting All right, so just get on that wall and any order you choose can be the same order you just did You guys watching the stream will be voting for which one of these will die at least which position All right, so after says freeze So it just is no moving All right, folks place your votes which number should die It's looking pretty close between three five and four Happen. What part of don't move do you not understand? I swear I've stick drift Let's try forward to act No, it's left in a trying to All right, let's look about that stuff my friend. This is a slow reveal here Player one Player two Player three, there four Player four five What's up, bro All right, good job, folks Before if you can fit into this middle area over here you live go Okay I'm trying to get a look Oh, you want oh medic sort of medic come with me man you need a you looking for a spectator spot no problem There's a medic there you stand over here All right, so it is medic your job is to block anyone else from standing on this area over here So because you can use any means you have that's non-violent to do so Okay, yeah, that's what you only want right so does position yourself Okay, great So if it says if any of you forks and stand on there Medic dies and you get to return safely. So if it says go So if does that you want to return to the group Yeah, there's not much I can do Look at me, I just want to block that All right, all right no explosions. I'm gonna stick with that rule here Swiftress says everyone please follow me So does this please stand along this wall right here Great So the Zach attack please come over here There we go great all right. We have a little tunnel over here So anyone who can out anyone who can out fit in this tunnel will be in trouble ready set go Swiftress says go wow. Oh my god, I can't act really just Fend it. I'm sorry. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, crab boom all right five seconds five four three two one switch of says freeze There's Yankee get out of there There's crab will get out of there There's G deck out of there Do we count the helmet or booty? Yeah, good job Swiftress says you three standing front of this window All right, Swiftress is everyone in this tunnel. Please come with me All right, which is all of you guys will stand up here. We're gonna play a little game All right, Swiftress says you three have a challenge With Yankee G deck, please backs this wall It's real simple you guys will take turns running in front of this window. That's it You run past the window with that dying You live You guys are not allowed to wall bang You'll get one bullet or run It must go it must go through the window no matter what all right All right Swiftress says crabble I recommend changing your weapon maybe it's very obvious Well, maybe that may exceed anyway or you can use whatever you want all right So does crabble sort of all of you guys up there can fire only one bullet per player Your bullet must go through the window Swiftress says crabble he can run whenever you're ready safe All right, Swiftress says next player whenever you're ready All right Swiftress is next player whenever you're ready Oh, it's about a three-snobbad all right, Swiftress is you too. Are you joined the group? So much crap power today Grab load is way out of that one too. I know. I know Let's see here. We got nine players left Simple parkour challenge folks should be very easy But the last person can lead us successfully will die. So let's go over the rules one you must start from over here On the wall Just please get down you have fear for everybody Wall Over here Over here then up here make room for others That's it if you mantle it's a restart you touch the floor. It's a restart That's it. It's really simple your challenge will be other like you know Valley with other places versus the actual thing itself. All right Swiftress says go Good good They'll restart restart Oh Sorry All right Yay in players left Swiftress says follow me Swiftress says back to this wall All right, we're gonna pre-late in the game here. So it's something to vibe the lobby by two Which is look at the person next to you in the rise in the rise everyone has a partner Now kill them nice bigger All right, let's see here Swiftress says when I say the name of a color as a letter O in it Malia partner red Blue I Actually, I want you guys to do it too quickly here Purple Anda melee Mission time is all over maintain the lead orbit Yellow Probably you still fill Oh, crab blowing crab blowing in itself. That's calm for your heart. I Remember what you murdered me to let a spell you thought I said yellow What no, didn't we didn't that many game. Well, I swung first Thank you true skills Oh Thank you So if this doesn't give me follow me letter O in it Oh no I got dingin All right, cool. We have Yankee SG and an Angie All right, cool Let's see here. Let's decide whether this last will be uh This a battle maybe a park or challenge me trying to trick you Interant trick your guys first for a little bit. Let's just go back to the basics. No problem All right, so does that sort of solar Well, let's get tricky guys Hmm All right, so does kill the other players and you die All getting ready for violence. Get that Kill the other players and you win I think my controller would have failed. melee only You If just says melee the air I'm waiting All right great Mainly the floor You guys curious about the beautiful texture being used in the floor don't worry guys Very rugged. All right, I see what a one that one actually if I was being really good today Build the other two players Swiftress says jump Doors this Swiftress says jump and die So it was his first person to jump dies So it was his first person to jump dies twice If this is first person to jump wins a bullet You guys not gonna work huh? What's fun kill each other Swiftress says stare at the ceiling Swiftress says jump once Jump twice Swiftress says take out a gun if you don't have already had one out Swiftress says fire one shot Fire two shots Swiftress says fire three shots Fire four shots Swiftress says fire five shots Fire six shots Fire seven shots Uh Those long beat lures Were you trying to fire your gun there Angie? Nope just reloading sir Kill each other Swiftress says last person to look at me dies Yeah All right the beginning of the game I promised no explosions because I would kill everybody I'm taking that back so just follow me Sort of as both of you guys stand on this green floor of here Swiftress says you can move anywhere you'd like in that green floor area Your job is simply not to die The drone Oh, no G-G-San You know the uh The A-O-E is not that bad Ah, I'm pretty sure it is You're all proven. Hey, let's see. Watch See listen man, I put all of you once in a while. All right, here's the second one All right, so the rule is Once the drone passes into the green area you're allowed to leave the green area So position yourself adequately all right and I Didn't say Swiftress says you both lose That's crazy. I know I'm getting posted Not leaving at all. All right G-G guys you guys can call that time I was gonna go sadly Man me and me and I get scared because there's a word catch that one All right Thank you for living thanks to you guys. I appreciate it um That's that if you want to join our games join our discord server discord.gg or it's i swift or add a blast today as always Hope to see you in the next game