 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says Swiftress says you guys are all saying in the escalator right now Swiftress says swap to another escalator go I may see some blinky skins over here that's gonna be a little too many people in the same space But we've got a few ideas now to fix that problem There we go Terminator guy Swiftress is not Sir look down Is that a escalator? Terminator guy tornado goes this is coming with me man don't worry bro don't worry don't worry Swiftress going with me Swiftress is going with me man no more man this is a great honor Swiftress is everyone named a tornado guy Swiftress says unload Great job no one else done I was surprised by that all right Swiftress says everyone please follow me You start on blue Perfect Alright so it says it's time for the the clock test you know It's still on 24 I feel like a lot of you guys aren't used to analog clocks you know your iPhones and Android's We're telling you what to do we're gonna go over so it says surround this uh this Column over here this ad column. It's right. It's in the north exit. So it says look look around It's like the right and blue add there we go You see it? So it's as close to as possible Uh Great I got a good sense the hell I got pushed out Swiftress says looking in the direction you would run if you're running clockwise Swiftress says looking in the direction you'd be running if you're running clockwise Please kill anyone Looking good all right and obviously Swiftress says look in the direction you'd be running if you're running clockwise Oh you turn around buddy Oh don't worry it's a little dirty. It's fine. Uh it's okay Tricks like that are gonna happen this game when I listen to the entire statement in process before you take action Otherwise you bet to happen Swiftress says one run Swiftress says run one rotation around this column Yep run around once Oh my god my aim is this All right great good job Swiftress says run once Pounder clockwise around the column I'm glitching out so bad it's running so far I'm going to say Swiftress says crouch rock once Crouch walk once around the same direction go Crouch walk Once wow Once around the column Okay, all right good good Browch rock wow why is that so hard for me to say Browch walk once in the opposite direction go in the same way Swiftress freeze Swiftress says you you And you come with me you three No worries So it says you three will have a small challenge of what's wrong with most of you guys dying sort of says you three Stand over here All right, everyone else come on out lap shoulder shoulder Hi sort of says bot day come with me So it says bot please join those three flying gentlemen over there Swiftress says everyone else come on out and lap shoulder shoulder What how could you fail us All right, unfortunately And this is annoying Swiftress says all of you guys masking the lineup. So it says everyone who's lined up get on one of these two vans over here Yep These sirens are pretty annoying right? So it says you four get on top of this car Oh Thanks You four are allowed to run away the second you see dark black smoke coming out of this vehicle Swiftress says everyone else aim at the police car Swiftress says if you kill a player and You will die you're aiming at the vehicle a lot of the players got it So it says aim at the car Swiftress says unload Oh Swiftress says come on down Hey, you're Who died from SM I want to I want to be back on the replays me Motley Motley what did you what did you replace? Show All right hang on here icy Phoenix bot dank you guys got the vehicle before the black smoke popped up Unsatisfactory switches as both you guys back on the vehicle Next mini game All right Swiftress says wherever can do the most Oh, let's see here Okay, I got it Swiftress says whoever gets on top of these this fence over here first lives out of you two sort of just go I All right, that's too bad. So you two kill each other Damn All right Swiftress says gamer SG come on down Swiftress says gamer SG First person you killed Well, did you kill a player on the car Okay, no problem man. I put out two proximity mines. I don't think they work So just please go check out my proximity minds and inspect them for you, please I need to sort of need a close-up inspection. I got kicked off the ban You're okay Sir I need a close-up inspection. What it says a close-up inspection, please I Thank you Swiftress says everyone's standing on top of white van on top You Swiftress says I need you standing on the van you're not standing on the van you're gonna die Oh, you got it sort of says standing I don't know I'm meeting it You're fine Don't do it. This is for me. I love you No, please proximity mine. It's gonna kill a lot of people Oh, isn't this fucking gonna top of the the fire truck here great All right last five people in the fire truck die go Oh So it's this place Sir I saw you Yep, so it's as if you guys that jumped off get on the fire truck Don't try and trick me So it's as if you saw someone come back and you're good with them. I mean it's Phoenix There we go. There we go You All right folks let's try this again Swiftress says if you see any of those guys touch the ground Kill them Swiftress as you for your job is to jump on that car and survive Swiftress is the last person jump on that car and survive dies. Let's just begin Oh He did that floor that's correct you done to floor icy Phoenix how many lives do you have man whatever Swiftress is there want to please follow me So does make us large circle You do So it was make a circle He didn't join our game simply join our discord server It's not too tough to get into my games, but the strict rules come into play when you're in the game For the games like these to work we need everyone to cooperate All right, let's see how Swiftress makes your standing All right great The cool man why are you in? I lost I lost you guys that wasn't no problem the cool man I will help you the cool man This comes to the very south part of the map. They were saving a special squad for you There's no So the cool man comes up and sent to the circle please I Don't worry dude. No worries man. I'm sure it's for important. I volunteer as Trinidad all those lasers All right, I'm sorry the worst man cool man Have you ever been to a symphony before? Yeah, yes, I have good So are you familiar with what conductor is yes Okay There's a one day. No, you don't explain. I just make sure you know understand great So I'm gonna be the conductor and you're gonna be everyone's instrument So it says everyone aim your bullets at me cool man's feet Oh So it says when you see me cool man jump Fire bullets under his feet don't kill him So it is a me cool man jump Oh You know that makes me very that makes me a very poor conductor Swortus has been dead to the center Swortus has been dead to the center please Unfortunately did not shoot his shoot the floor you shot his feet we're gonna try again Swortus is when vendetta jumps shoot the floor under him don't shoot his feet If you're not if you feel like you're not confident about it. No fire the gun Swortus has vendetta jump Great. Oh my god. Very good. Swortus says jump again vendetta You know somebody stop me. Some of you guys are firing some cowardly shots five feet away from my see you So does this shoot under him and don't shoot at all. Swortus has vendetta just jump again All right, you're everyone's gonna get shot. You're gonna survive this I think all right vendetta jump one more time Jump All right, so does this vendetta jump three times in a row No way He's got god, so it says vendetta returned back to the circle I tried I at some point he does got it. You just got to let it go all right Swifter says go into prone So it says turn 90 degrees to your right What's a call when it's a snake is eating its tail the orboros or something like that I pronounce that anyone know Orboros So it says we're gonna do that right now. So it says follow the person in front of you Oh, I can't see that. I believe so does this figure it out. So does this fall the person in front of you Just do it'll match you work Not as cool as I thought it would look last person to stand eyes Wow All right, so this is freeze icy Phoenix So it says icy Phoenix the center Throw another prox one of eight So it says stand up everybody Uh, I have I'm very confident that icy Phoenix will survive this one I got the right All right, swifter says they're one in the circle crouch Swifter says em icy Phoenix has had Oh, my check his body for for where he's attacked so you need to be extremely careful. It's headshot or nothing Mm-hmm fire one shot Wow, I did not say swift recess It wasn't headshot. It's what does this stinky come on over don't care what it was. I didn't say swift recess All right, no problem. Swift is his aim at stinky's feet Actually stinky which part of you is the stinkiest He's also So this is a family channel No respect really from the swifter says unload Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, so this rain mask Jamie's just rain mask the center sort of is mage to the center Yep, rain mask this is the center You're coming from where Rain mask you know why you messed up You didn't say center says What did I say to do where did I tell you to aim as feet where did you aim as feet From you all saw man, that was a headshot All right hang on hang on if the audience if the audience says I'm wrong here. I'll let you back in That was a head job It was the feet No, it was headshot. I said the kill three feet. Oh, it's fake I can't see you Three people agree with me out of everyone watching someone to say I was right rest in peace jayman. All right mage No, I only the hand kill another player switcher says kill Everyone's afraid to fire their gun. Let's get rid of that switchers aim straight up This is demonic Joker I think you drop something Yeah, my bad I dropped my controller switchers as far one shot Switchers as far two shots Oh, there's so much glass or is this perfect. All right, everyone break all the glass go Dark lord pretty excited to shoot some glass You So it says the store all the glass you see So it was a form two single file lines facing each other oh my god That's also figure out who's got the terrible microphone All right, let's do it. I got it West West uh West uh West east You guys can figure it out They can even at least hold it never good on the end slide All right, so it just says I want you about five feet away from the player across from you. So it says two equal lines Snipe three line we can make this nice Two single file lines close each other facing each other. I believe in you guys Every player chef one person directly across from one player per person. Yes No Like like close the gas Right here 10 mountains a bit lost. I'm maybe a new moon. Okay. I'm a man. I'm dead You know what this is not personal. I got I will help you guys out So it says walk towards your partner across me Hi Everyone's got a partner huh oh there we go. I know because I don't come with me man You got no partner. Don't worry bro. All right So just as everyone take a couple of steps back So just back a little bit cast Oh That girl's back where I'm so sorry again perfect All right, I'm different from half of you guys will die Oh, the hell am I getting echo from test goes to see you All right great All right, so says no Congratulations man you get to be the star So it says when Zeno runs in front of you runs past you you will kill your partner if any of you guys kill Zeno You will die So does a Zeno please stand right over here It was a no back up. Yeah, man. Don't don't start off Zeno are you familiar with the line that you're a track star Are you familiar with the idea they should keep on going Yeah, good Just as I know when I give you the word you're gonna run across Those chairs right over there, man Just as when Zeno passes you You'll kill the person you fire you're across. So does no crouching is allowed no prone. So does you must stay standing? No funny business So does it do not move from your spots for you in the line So does the Zeno run All right Oh I hate my job guys that was great that was great so does follow me please So does follow me to the east So does Yeah off I mean I know what no just doing the game after this you want to stay there is the we are doing Border Patrol after this game if you wish to stay if you don't you're fine. So does this please have a seat You Right I mean no seat no problem I mean So does that mean please follow me oh So does this please choose one person you'd want to cherish it with And then over here okay I was on it but you took it so It's just I mean please start on this table over here You took your seat and that is this true I think we can both fit That's sweet so does both of you guys on the same seat please That's real sweet. I'll kill each other No or just a little ball psychosyopathic fun. I know we're about it great Swiftress says jump once So you're not on your seat. I need to back up that Swiftress says blah blah great Swiftress says jump again melee Swiftress says crouch melee Swiftress has stand Heylay Just getting melee So does look at one person that's next to you Swiftress is very far from others then fire is okay So does me to say some words that rhyme with liar Higher Fire Higher Sire Tire Higher Tire higher Just breathing liar Oh melee Good lobby Swiftress is fire Damn it Swiftress has follow me Swiftress has stand on the stand on the spence over here There we go. Went from like 60 to like whatever number this is. Let's show it to shoulder please Need Before and for the mini game more for the mini game don't work All right below you I've broken the glass. I'll already say I have to worry about it But basically what I want from you guys in the moment is you're going to hop off the fence Don't want to prone and half half your body It's taking over the edge understand No, I'll just I'll demonstrate Oh Okay, I not do it. That's a shame. Oh Wow, that's too bad That's too bad never mind. I'm glad I didn't make you guys do it What have been embarrassing for me? All right cool Last person to hop down dies Swiftress says last person to hop down It's a kill snap offense I want to kill him I want to kill him drop down. I won't kill him Oh, let's kill snap offense come on guys really I want to kill him drop down Drop down at me Stupid Amy please don't do it Amy please Let me do it You drop down To your shell and I'll drop down I'll just offer Oh, you dropped them buddy I want to show you Supress says Emmy's stupid kill each other All right, there you go All right, they're saying too long. All right. Yes. You can do you guys get a 1v1 All right, so it says yeah, you get the kill him get the chance to kill him. Yeah, so just stupid separate offense follow me I'm not as fair as you think I am that I'm flatter but no, absolutely not great We're gonna do an old-timey What do you call it standoff? You know, it's just follow me. Yeah, over here's good. What western So it says both of you get we used to do this in a snap roll out all the time. So does both of you guys in this diamond? All right, let's see here. Yeah, like that great You're on the east west axis switch says walk closer to each other So it says please shake hands like nodding up and down vigorously Yeah, great job. All right or are making a cake like stupid's doing sure Uh, all right, so it says turn around to that you're back-to-back Here's the way this game mode will work In a moment, I'm gonna ask it to walk as slowly as the game will let you on your controller You'll go slow and if you're on keyboard just kind of tap the W key a little bit, you know So it says when I fire my gun you will turn around and you can kill the other player out before though So it just says you guys will not want to back up All right, just walk as slowly as possible Bang So it says complete sounds please All right, am I gonna any moan here? You can also just let them awkwardly walk slowly for the next 20 seconds You Now mind you after a firema gun you guys can go wherever you want it's a one-to-one I have a freaking shotgun man. You have to hold the cord. You don't want to play the game go into close quarters You know figure it out they call it duty On fatty we believe in you He's behind you. I'm just kidding. That was a lot I can't be really honest hang on hang on hang on I did not actually know where sniper was I just was messing around because I thought no one's around No, he doesn't know he doesn't that's my bet. I interrupt the circus says stupid rejoin the game No, that's my bet. That was that was unfair That was unfair No, that was unfair. That was unfair No, that was unfair. No, no, I just thought I was thought I was wanted to be funny I haven't turned around for a minute and then recover. That was not I was not my attention from the dive from that All right, so just follow me my bet Green match no, no, that's over Oh Metal detectors All right, so just as laps shoulder to shoulder make sure these work Great So after says go through all four metal detectors All right cool So after says you guys as a team need to keep all four metal detectors lit up non-stop switches as begin All right very good All right, so this is stop Oh Oh, even better. That's gonna get on top of the metal detectors. All right, everyone on top of the metal detectors Probably excited All right, so it says everyone on top of the metal detectors Oh research one pen Must be nice to actually be Let him on was like All right, so just to be real guys this might be a scenario where everyone dies, but I'm willing to risk it Oh Okay, no, I should have been on the side. God damn it. Oh, it's fine punk. Hey, look Galaxy you're right next to me. Here are the rules All you gotta do We just explain rules you guys will get on top of the other metal detectors Basically you five are swapping with those four and vice versa It take any right you want as long as you don't touch the floor. I mean you can jump on you the machines or whatever That's fine the middle there are two proxy mines if you trigger those a lot of people will die probably you Last person swapped the other side will die Swift says Again Don't touch the floor pro hang on pro SG That's wrong Wait Goofy know touch the floor real simple rules Last person That's it you're the last person that's it who else didn't go in and get off the idea So that moved he did Red touch the floor red ran behind you I didn't The guy with the guy with the without the flames What did you just let me use the floor? Lightning touch it. Yes, laughing touch the Not in the same one. Oh, hey, I Know usually these games work that I have to catch you I didn't see it I didn't see him room Like he ran right in front of you. No problem. So does lightning carefully come to me Oh, dear god We could switch to says everyone else leave the area Yes, leave the air just leave the air Curve It's you Lightning What you gotta do is run down the center and touch the metal wall that's it Full speed tax print I think get out right So it says whenever you're again What So it says we join the group I don't know listen man he he completed the challenge He can play the child what can I say I don't know EOD I do a perks turn on health is pretty low Okay, I sure Congratulations to our final six players who says follow me. I don't even have EOD What you're not helping your case look I don't know man Oh, yeah, I told you to do something you didn't know there's not not much more I can ask for Great switch it says it we're on top of the fire truck Whatever this is burns response vehicle Come on pack a bunch of games some audio from you. Let's sort that Oh, I can get up there without that Hey, me now hey from the vehicle there I can be wrong Run with your secondary out. Hey, got it great job Time for practice. Oh your job is run from Our truck the dolphin dive onto these carts It should be doable given the distance and the height Advanced you have so go ahead you can practice dolphin diving on there. This is practice But when the actual game begins there'll be the last person do it. So ready set practice Uh-huh Don't fall for that It's six people left you guys again to practice Swiftress says the last person's person successfully dolphin dive from the fire truck to the carts dies Swiftress says begin you can retry as much as you want fail Nope It's doable Oh almost well now you hit the floor again sir It's doable you sure it can be done Very good last person to do it dies Almost You guys can do it don't give up great job four left Or sorry three left If you're not sure a dolphin dive you can ask for help Hey, how do you know? Help this man Almost Hope they what do you how do you hold on PlayStation I think it's the circle circle I don't know circle Yeah, you're called onto your crotch one circle on your circle. So you run and hold on the crotch All right, we do have three minutes left of the game. So we're gonna It's You guys have 20 more seconds if not no big deal Almost all right here we go another tip have your secondary out Oh really I can't copy that That's okay More seconds all right last tries Who close All right, so there's a stop All right guys no worries. What does this you three onto the truck again It could be a long jump competition. That's it Forget dolphin diving not your strong suit not a big deal So it says you guys Look at me Gonna run and you're gonna jump no movement after you land It's gonna plop in place the person who jumps the furthest survives the other two die. So it says begin You Plop next Oh, well, good one next Nope Congratulations, which is you four follow me You were not That's no ground wrong All right, we got two and a half minutes and we got I've the wrong wrong streak sod They're finale going ah So it says let's get cooking Oh All right, so it says time to cook my meat Does everyone loves my side So it says freeze That's I haven't really thought we're gonna this game out yet. Oh, that's all Swiftress says crouch. We'll not forget the mind so worry All right, we're simple stuff. Swiftress says last person to stand dice Oh I only have two proximity minds so I have to need two players all right last person crouch dies Swiftress says go to prone Last person to stand dice Swiftress says stand up To resist jump once oh