 What's up everyone welcome to Swiftress says it's just Simon says in college duty every player here will only do what I say when I say Swiftress says and even sometimes it might not make sense to do it for example Swiftress says crotch if you want to die Yes Yes, which says you and you come on down Come on down bro. Thank you live on TV. All right, we guys listening to my intro I don't think so That's okay. You sort of says you guys are gonna play a very special game. What's your name? Cardinal and your name Dragon master dragon master guys. I had an idea for a mini game in the shower like three days ago And I finally remember to do it What's wrong man? Are you okay? Well happen you're talking over me need something are you okay? I can can I play the game Well, sort of says I'd like you stand over here You can say where you are twitch says everyone else. I want you guys to Line up in the center over here make make I'll make a line or like a like a yeah, there you go Right great, so you guys are gonna create I'm a meat shield or a meat barrier To just as everyone in the center over here going to prone Yeah, you got it Hey got it I an idea what if there was a one-view-one melee competition but But there was a line of people in front so I can't run past you guys it's not easy But I believe I'm able to up melee across it This is me a one-view one is me you Versus you and your goal will be to Male the other guy without hurting anybody on this line if you hurt anyone below over here unfortunately You lose automatically Don't worry if you're in the line and you die I won't let you back in but you will be remembered fondly for your efforts great All right, you guys have any questions? Great, nope again the rules are you guys are not allowed to go around the line You can try and jump over but it's not gonna work you go simply to get close enough to melee If you guys have auto aim you may want to turn that off It's up to you It says you too crouch when you believe you're ready to play Are you good? Okay, so what does this do you guys have your auto aim on out of curiosity? I don't believe so okay, okay sure all right pretty sure I took it off okay, oh no problem That's good enough for me. I'm not singing the line over there All right, and when I'm getting that echo from let's not let's not do that anymore great. So it says you to begin Oh wow That was a very long range there that was unfortunately way too easy. All right, that would be a better clip All right, I don't know if I'm getting echo from this is very This is very distracted I think so for us and peace dragon master while you've died your echo lives on All right, so does this congratulations man you survived the mini game. So just as going to line my pick two more people play All right, great That was enough footage for this mini game. I did not have the piphany for this mini game the shower just have it done two seconds unsatisfactory All right last two people will stand up play the game Yes, sir, yes, sir, sir says come on down. I didn't say so just says we get to play I really hate my life that much. That's okay, man. So just as go to the go to the grass over there Anyway, what's your name? I don't have to say so to say I'm all right, no worries man. I'll tell you what Even though you got selected you do get a bonus Volunteering in voluntarily you get to pick the person you fight against So it just says please walk up to the person you want to fight you maybe want to look at what melee weapon they have So it just says they want to take out your your if you have a melee weapon take it out. So does it take it out I want I want them to have the choice before we face this off against so does this pick So it just says pick any one person this line to face off against You're picking him Okay, cuz you're right on one big guy who just won this many game right? I appreciate that you're taking your time, but so just asking you please make it snappy If you want to tip I can give you one choose your Pokemon Big someone with like a pixel with like a like a weapon is their secondary before we're about range Dude I can't pick I can't pick for he's volunteered congratulations. I didn't even ask you to stand up. So it just says what's your name? Alright, uh, welcome man first game with us, right? Second, but you don't goof bro. That's okay, man. I believe in you So it says I want sort of says close up this gap over here I don't want any way to kind of run across there. We go. Thank you. Thank you. All right, so Same rules apply guys. Oh, yeah, I do is get close and yet without crossing this barrier of meat over here Yeah, melee the other guy. All right, so it says you two begin Don't come up to the stairs don't come up to the stairs Go up to the stairs All right, dark congratulations you survived and Bro second game. Hopefully I hope to see you in a third. All right In retrospect, I was really I'll be real guys. I was hoping someone in the line would die. They're gonna be pretty funny But I know it didn't happen. So I'll let it go. So if just says everyone stand up and follow me. I will let it go I just you know, something's just can't force So does this Cody please meet your microphone. You got a very loud mechanical keyboard. I'm sure it's a the utmost quality Thank you So just doesn't moving into the shaded area over here great Swift Roses everyone on top of the coffee Thank you over here Offie shop. I guess it is technically It is got shop. That's copy key It's shop. Yeah, I ask what I was looking for is key ask or like pavilion. Yeah, copy key ask great Everyone's up there almost everyone's up there Come on, bud. You got it. You got there You did a good job. That's teamwork right there. You know what else is also teamwork Killing one other player go So it says mr. Rob come on down man So it says mr. Rob please follow me you will have an opportunity to defy fate and survive You know I posted a video recently from an older video if I was like from 1.0 something and it was a video where someone was sentenced to death And I wanted to create the crush them and they didn't crush them But you could like three other people but when he shouldn't have so I killed him anyway I thought was the right thing to do a lot of people in comments are extremely angry that didn't let that guy live I'm very interesting you know everyone has their own kind of justice system and that's fine I don't agree with them at all, but like It's weird like they should have lived like we shouldn't have he more three people Anyway, that's okay, but you you will have a chance and if you survive this you just you just live That's my promise to you What will you do? Please come stand over here where it'll be safe All right, this is a mode. This is something where you'll have you'll have some freedom your job Will be to actually touch the coffee shop just touch it you can touch it without dying you live You don't know going this way is probably dumb you'll die immediately right? Yeah This way is also very tough. I don't know man. There's a lot you can move go behind you go around look This any path around the map the trick that the The trick is you have 60 seconds to do a total So figure out what you're gonna do you touch that coffee shop within 60 seconds These guys will all be able to shoot you though Can I have a question. Yeah, if you have a smoke you can use a smoke yes Okay, I unfortunately do it. I have a heartbeat sensor. Yeah, that'd be really useful Sure man, you know that'll be so useful. All right, I can tell exactly where the hearts are They're on top of coffee shop and they're in me and you for a little bit longer. I guess all right, so Sort of says and one top of coffee shop guys like three seconds One of the three seconds start three seconds. Yes We second is all I played it You know man, you know man, I put you You know and so I can't you know stop I can't give you three seconds what I can do is you can What is that? That's my see for that's where I plan You know what you know what I will give you I will give you three seconds what just says you guys are not a lot to fire until they give you the go All right But for you sir, so it just says one minute starts now go He's trying to use that like a smoke or something when he's when he blew up Listen listen listen, I am I'm almost definitely sure that was just trying to kill himself because he thought he couldn't do it right that Definitely was not him trying to create distraction Dragon master you off the mute microphone man. I really cannot hear my echo anymore man I love hearing my voice but not in a delayed sense Okay That was not a good plan all right Swiftr says go to prone It's too early for proximity minds don't worry Swiftr says in a few moments you'll only be able to move Wall and prone if you fall off and stand up before moving forward Just have to go back in a prone if I see you moving while you're not in prone I catch you you die your job will be to touch the fountain That's it Swiftr says last person to touch the fountain dies go Bro I know I know I pressed this soon as I saw I was up you're moving walk crouched. Oh go backwards You know I'll go backwards as a punishment Mom baby Who's this right? Yeah Who's this guy doesn't know he doesn't know he doesn't know Sup bro, I'm crouching how about you Oh no you're not Swiftr says come with me man. What's your name? And uh where I thought I was you are having a rough day man. So just says come in and come over here man You're a very tall pro person then All right, so again from another recent video There's a moment that people Rising to like it was like two players running around that Silver sphere on this map Is that on the run this fountain too? But I want to do it again I'm gonna pull you a player this time Let's see there's another person was actually last but I forgot what they were All right, I got it Last person to stand up faces off against him You're good Swiftr says standing up last means you face off As far as I could tell it was you what's your name please Oh, it wasn't me. I was the last one stood at the end. Oh, come on down man. You're perfect for this So it says shotgun. Oh, I was coming up for some auto ease and did oh man come on You look it may not been you but you're the last one I saw it completely stand up So you're the rules both of you guys are going to run around this thing clockwise If I reset my audio for a quick second you'll you keep cutting out for me go for it But I'll explain the mini game to everyone else so You will have to stay in the water just go into the water and when I give you the word you must run Clockwise catch up to the player And uh Oh, you have a knife. Oh, that's we have a ton for you're definitely gonna win Hmm hang on how do I make this fair I have a top for I'll wait in a minute. Second or Why is primary? Toot just as what's your secondary That's not too bad pistols are right This is basically a death sentence, so you know what I've got an idea Uh swift look at the latch that you came out audio screwed up What what You keep cutting out for me I I don't think I'm having this issue with anyone else right? Yeah, it's Yeah, same for me Some people saying tap Why really hate trouble shooting me in episode all right for those of you guys having issues are you using Unlike discord on console Yes me There you go guys go go send go send a letter to Sony or Xbox I cannot help you here. I recommend using your phones But okay, we're gonna play this mini game because I shotgun stand over here All right guys for this one. All right. We're gonna mix this up. All right You guys both can choose a direction of your choice. We have to stick with it once you do it So you can either choose to go clockwise or counterclockwise Don't look in that direction yet. Let's think it which direction you're gonna go in And once you choose that direction you're gonna run in that direction until you hit the other player and then you're gonna mail at them You got it So either you guys will collide with each other or you'll be chasing the other player one of the two Any questions All right, Swiftress says go Oh, man, I was hoping you guys would run toward my direction. All right Unfortunate you guys one of you guys chose clockwise the one chose counterclockwise and they collided here and And shotgun got it all right, so just as shotgun please return to the other players All right, but yeah, it sounds like if you're playing if you're using discord on your console I'm sure it's convenient, but unfortunately. I feel like you're you're running to some Quality issues. I assume just the console is having trouble me. I can exit a lot and then come right back Is quick go for it. Yeah, go for it. All right. Thanks Swift. Oh, where is this problem? All right, great For everyone else what does everyone into the water gonna play a similar game All right, Swiftress says in your head choose clockwise or counterclockwise Left or right either works Just mentally choose it don't don't actually look in that direction. You don't want to give away your you know put your cards out, right When I give the word you're gonna run in that direction just run no violence It's what you said me complete Hi, so to shock them please go back into the water and choose clockwise or counterclockwise. There's no violence yet We're playing mon warfare too. That's correct All right, Swiftress says running that direction go You Just stay in the water You might collide with the players just going crazy right now. Oh, I was already lagging Mrs. Horrible It's observing a little bit here I keep looking down hey, sorry, no we keep winning a three-sub of y'all. We are literally blocking each other Okay Think of it as a call you guys are you guys from in with the Hyde Ron Collider Yeah, this is the call duty version of it now. Oh, I only know it from big bang theory So Swiftress says when I fire a single bullet You will melee a person closest to you and go into prone You are not allowed to hurt anyone in prone understand A lot of you are going to die Ready set bang So does the stop I understand that my voice is very convincing So does this omelette rico monocus and sir come on down Why Do we need to keep them back? And You know, I should became like a voice actor right that was really good I've chose the watch shows are wrong calling Oh someone asked me do you want to play a video game to some ball 40-year-old online Or do you want to be a voice actor I chose Bowl 40-year-old game streamer That wrong choice made Now Alright, so four of you died Yeah, I'm gonna ask if you could come back. I'll tell you what man If the if the murderer who killed you Dies you can come back which means three of you guys will come back and one of you will not So I know I said who am I really so it's I Do you want to make sure the person who kills you dies this mini game between these four one of you guys will get to live All right, but what game will we play? That's the question right If just as one of the fountain go into prone it's for your own safety For your own good All right, I don't want to use any tricks in you guys because I actually want one player No wait three people the winner the murderer stays alive And the three other victims come back into the game that's correct. Okay, great All right, so theoretically the player counts just exactly the same. All right, I'm just doing the math in my head for this Um you fork you each other I didn't fall for it All right All right, listen man says don't reboot your windows 98 just yet So so if there says before going to pran Says spread out You got do all the four people who are dead Know who their killers are and you're killer's names So coach is my killer Me co You know what the easier way to do will be by by uh The other way right the survivor will say who they killed and then you know You know the thrill come back in right easy All right, great. So it's simple you four guys will be Uh doing a melee competition while remaining in prone. That's it So it just says you four go So does the rest of you guys can stand up. It's actually not dangerous anymore Remember last surviving players lives in the other three dead players have their victims come back to life Yo, don't do it. Oh, all right sir codes is dead barric sir codes killed you come back into the game Somebody killed that you have that to me. I'm on the way Yo, don't oh no pro chat. He's got the fire He's got the doorka dachis Maybe you guys should gang up on him since he's got the range advantage you guys can cooperate That's fine You want him to win oh my god he's in the middle. Oh Wait wait what That range that guy killed the middle guy killed him from the left side. He did wow that was that's All right hang on Rico. Who did you kill? So does this really Rico kill Rico killed Jesus Oh, sorry, man, unfortunately you are you are staying dead. I will I will refrain from any any religious jokes for my safety All right, so does other people who died come back into the game. All right, Swiftress says everyone please follow me I'm making any any any any any cross jokes or no No, I'll need to Not all you have to do is leave the match and use the same code to jump or join into the game and you'll rejoin us All right, Swiftress says we're left shoulder shoulder along the wall Yes Why are you on the wall? I mean he did say upstairs uh We actually used to call that mo crab battle mode back in maybe 15 years ago All right Now you're all having your your your impron all right cool. So you guys have survived Congratulations on living this long you've even during the mini games, but it's time to The Thin-than-mount of players that we have over here. So we're gonna do a dangerous mini game So over here Where by the south side When you're joining the game just do just find us. It's not hard to find Thank you all right like I was saying dangerous mini game Cups some of you guys will be safe if When I fire my gun if you can get on top of one of these white poles Be safe Buddy You are an example unfortunately of not safe Not say Swiftress says he jumped the opposite way too All right Swiftress says when I fire my gun you can you can get a chance at safety by being on top of the white pole Three Two one Swiftress says freeze I tell you talking about the railing oh Well think about that for a second the railing Why would I say the railing everyone could fit on that one man? That's not It's not hard at all All right, but you know what Swiftress says everyone who's not on one of the white poles You two I said one of those three white poles over there from a mistake and I Say a white pole Yes Yeah, I'm lawyers miss lobby man the worst what just says everyone is not on a white pole get on the get on the white gate Bro, up there I go bye bye Try not to solve try to upload yourself into the street below There goes the card VIP my game just to set it nope you're not playing anymore By the way, just a quick shout out for well by the time this episode's uploaded already have passed but on October 1st We're doing a high-and-seek marathon on the original bond warfare too So we can check out all the maps that will be remade so that'll be fun That'll be happening on October 1st. I'll be live on both Twitch and tic-tac for that one. I wish I could stream on YouTube at the same time, but I cannot I can stream on YouTube when I'm not live on twitch, but Yeah, I got the live on twitch all right Swiftress says you guys on the fence please group up shoulder to shoulder Is the danders minigame was talking about Cool now I need an even number of players for this so Swiftress says look at the purse next to you in the eyes If you have no partner unfortunately you are dead. Yes, no minigames no challenges or whatever Interesting One There are two players you know what So it just says you And you just go to the end you guys are partners. You know I have we have an even number It's fine The fun will not come from For me killing some stray right the fun will be coming from one of our little minigames now When I name an element Swiftress says when I name an element on the periodic table You will melee the person in front of you. That's one player So it says crouch if you're familiar with the periodic table of elements When I say familiar just know what it is you don't know every element is but you know I'm talking about right For example if I said xbox Xbox is not on the periodic table of elements it's not on the element it's a console right If I said watermelon Watermelon is not on the periodic table of elements There are more base things right base elements that are our universe is composed of That uh that it's made of Swiftress has everyone stand up enough of you guys now two of you guys are I don't know you'll be staring at each other for years I guess So to just stand up Now if you goof up You die though so I'm gonna try and trick you with some some fake elements For example So it says the game is begun by the way the fifth element That's a movie Fire That's an element like avatar That was so delicious What the hell did he go dude What? Snink through twitch stream Speaking of fire No I think we said We can't rejoin Yeah that's that's the entire part of the minigame the trick you guys All right uh vibranium that was a go from No That's not a real element it's not a real element Why are you talking? Only two people that didn't have partners before survived thank you partner Too bad I brain it was not a real element I'm not good at these reaction games Swiftress says if you killed somebody come on down Huh they're what a charade I'm finishing this I'm finishing this game with the last you player sort of says you too The game continues for you too only All right so just keep on listening for elements when you hear a real element from the periodic table You will you will melee the other player sort of just listen carefully. No one else is allowed to talk Water At a mantium Titanium I don't think titanium's an element is it is Yes it is Or is not element on the periodic table titanium is it's the 22nd it's the 22nd one it's the 22nd It is all right you win congratulations the only person to do right there we go Oh, we're you know I thought titanium was like a was like an alloy or something all right I'm the dumb one here all right congratulations all right Water is not an element on the periodic table what No, it's not water is auction hydrogen bro come on man who said that was what the hell That's him is a fake metal all right now all right now you guys are gonna play the same exact game Except you're not gonna kill one person you kill everyone else up there with you All right, so swifter says You six when I say the name of an element off the periodic table you guys will kill every other player up there with you Listen carefully. I may try and trick you Oxygen Thank you Oh my god There is no rule against going pro and congratulations all right I just want to say all you guys follow me What happened my scream I'm black You're dead This is why school is born Superfluss all right says game yeah you know just find it put on your resume I Both my uncle and my uncle isn't watching he's like a chemistry private face palm me right now How do you not know titanium was not a element F you all right, so there's a lot of shoulder shoulder All right cool we're down to seven players Tofter says make it six Thank you All right swifter says what's your name? Say no You you killed one person you did it correctly those guys sort of says sir What number do we have now No, we have three Swifter says you three follow me Did that shotgun silver? I just won the period of shock I said I die via knife You know And I miss if I talk about how's that impossible Top of the issues For all of you guys you want to join our games or play games with a community members Join our discord server. Just search google for swift or discord please spell my name correctly You know if I could go back in time I name myself from different easier to spell what my name is swift or swf SWFT OR in YouTube comments today I can get you know comments go like Swiffer I've been watching you for years Then it breaks my soul like Swiffer It's okay. I still appreciate it all right Iftar says lampshole of shoulder Bro, I would love I would love a swiffer sweeper sponsorship I'll pop it or I need to be to do one of those maybe let's make a fake commercial do it Okay All right, so we have three players left. Let's get their names Lightning Zeno and Wow deadwood So does deadwood jump me And somehow you have you've survived the song in the game without taking a single life Um, I got killed Oh, I got to come back because my the guy your murder or died. Okay cool I like that. That was a fun idea for me. I'm gonna pat myself in the back for the the murderer redemption thing I thought I remember that one Um great, so now it's a two three left. No, it's my job to decide Which of you guys live unfortunately? Players did mostly killing this game, so I I don't have any like fun tools except for This guy, but you know, I've been overusing this for like the past 100 episodes. Maybe longer You guys is sort of better than a than a oh you don't here we go All right, so I put the proximity mind back to this van as previously has been shown Uh, it is possible to touch the back of that van and then run out safely. So does I'm gonna demonstrate So does this u3 come stand over here. I can't drink my own proximity mind so you guys are fine So in the event that I die doing this um I'll just guide you from from you know from the beyond I Yeah, it's done. It's doable. I learned this because You guys doff and dive. Oh, I'm actually not I'm like I'm waiting You see I did it. There we go. I did it. The problem for you guys is that that's not your proximity mind So the roles are simple So it just says u3 come stand right here The doctor says u3 come stand over here. This is the only way this rule sets gonna work Actually, what does that come even closer? So does this stop as close enough. I'm well, I'm familiar with the range you guys are fine All right, great. He's kind of bit risky. So you're the rules Obviously if you're running there You know, I trouble getting out right you're just gonna get blown up. So you guys have an option here But just as each of you guys can use a single bullet that can only be used on the proximity mind If you use it from this distance you all will die Whoa, whoa, whoa, what's the point of me asking to come over here if you keep moving away right now bro, right So it says you not move that was the entire point of you staying over here. So you don't fire at it immediately You have to measure risk and reward When do you fire at it when do you run in the winner of the game? We're the first person to touch the back of that van and come out alive All right You can each use one bullet at this arm that proximity mind Maybe you want to shoot at it while they're in the van That makes no sense because they're gonna die from the proximity mind anyway Anyway, I haven't thought this completely through but I think it'll be fun to watch Great, that's one good view I Will this turn out I don't really know so it just says go On the top oh any You know of all the scenarios in my brain that was not one of them I didn't realize they could like lock them in So it just says what's your name Is he know I know you one man was that your plan the entire time we're just kind of just have to turn out One or two hundred IQ. Yeah, he's like GG Zeno what's your shout out man There we go to your fellow players all right GG man. All right great game That was fun good episode guys way to go GG These always