 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says Swiftress says everyone jump in the water Oh my shot I need to get somebody It's what I was first and clean Great Swiftress says touch the circular platformer in the center Oh Looking good Swiftress says dive Dive there you go into water don't worry All right you're a lot to go back up when your breath meter gets to 25% I'm just starting to blow and red now go back up now now now Don't just go up oh Just pull it out can you turn around for a moment? All right good job everyone and we'll climb up into the platform What is freezing I'm Thank you best off from you all right super says we're not on the platform Some unnorthodox risk outside the same Shark one over man. So just a shark come on over man. Why are you so shy? Why are you so shy bro Why don't we're bro? I don't know. I got pulled into live and then I thought I didn't start so I'm Dude don't worry come on over just come on over you're joining us bro bonus We can't get on worries no worries So don't die It's not gonna anybody don't worry Yes, it is it's not gonna be the start of the first man. It's very flat All right, so it was just pick it up if you'd like All right, what was it who got it and what'd you get Are you a face? Oh wow what a what a lockdown what a letdown all right Super says follow me Everyone's doing the challenge we did last time no exceptions I Know here it's good. It's here all right. It's a little extra little shoulder and we're just gonna do it once Be sick cake. Oh you guys do I'll show you how it's done Actually, I don't want it. I you know, I don't want to I don't want to do it you guys will do it though. So All right, we'll have our first volunteer last person to crouch volunteer to do it first I just grab one once just grab once I do it. Okay, so this crap. Yes, come on over watch crab. We'll do it Just come watch crab. Oh Yeah, there we go. All we're gonna do is he to jump on there and he can jump back Please think a step away from them. Yeah, let's make sure you get there. You all right Give the man some more just grab low go ahead man show about said you jump with that white carry over there You come back torches begin and He did it. There we go Good job. Just grab low go touch the wall. You did it successfully All right next up shard got next All right Don't be Now come back All right Henry shows what you got man Uh, I'm gonna die, but let's give it a shot. You're gonna have me. Wait wait wait. I got the timer right away. Have me stick man Okay, I'll reset there you go. Yep. Now see fun that man's all right sprinkles. So what's up Come on Dark lord you're up You're up Success such the wall. Good job. So just go ahead. You don't say it. So it says all right So say hello moon chiming. I believe in you Taylor scout that's a saloon Hey come back out Just as Alex styles. Oh, pardon me You're okay. Oh god. Yeah, but Through to sell styles go for it You laugh in that opinion Yeah success All right, so does this Phantom your turn Looking good the area nice There you once you've done it all right, so does double a Alrighty You Success Toad is black mama Success jack you're up next If I'm doing this You're not working. I need jack I'm never like you know, jack Is it us? All right, so it was a vendetta go for it Oh All right sort of zelly Good job unicorns which is go for it All right All right gulag switches us show us what you got Oh This body almost made it All right, so does the shotgun go for it Oh, I want to go last I'm gonna start to go all right wait wait wait wait a minute wait a minute Yeah All right switches this Emmy go for it Great job close all right one two three four five six none of you guys make congratulations Guys all sure you have the skill to get it done So it just says the last person to do it again dies go good luck Oh Oh my god No Oh All right look out Ellie for the last one all right If it says you four please follow me Good job Switch says have a seat Well deserve bring Switch says remain perfectly still This is our pancake pancake is round Oh, it says going to front without moving pancake is that piece There we go Switch to stand up You The pancake is still a piece crouch Switch says remain perfectly still Switch says Turn about this one pancake is going away Switch says take out a gun Phantom Swiftress is aims straight up All right Swiftress says if you'd like to volunteer for a 1v1 fire your gun All right Swiftress says you four follow follow me all right everyone wants to play no problem make some room I Love design music and let's make it to be two So it says Phantom AA backs his waterfall So it says a crab low mom be a back to this wall All right Rolls are simple It's Execution only no melee allowed Wait for that execution prompt to come up and trigger it So it says if you melee and kill someone by mistake without you doing execution go into pronomitily The game starts when I fire my gun ready set go Oh Swiftress says go Execution only Do we have to stay in this area please stay down here thank you. Oh It's okay you got Phantom okay MA What is that what is that what that To get get behind one of them was traded You could save your your you can save your partner if you interrupt the execution Well, just with your partners. Oh people Oh, what you do almost almost My heart I forget he does step to school Oh Ah All right, are you guys in the same team? Nope, no different Man, that's unfortunate all right, so just grab a low AA go back to your respective walls All right, looks like executions were not not viable after all All right, so it says I'll be playing this time Just as all you guys have to do This run away from me while staying down here So it says if you have your if you put your back to a wall I can shoot you So just take five steps forward to make you not there Great look don't get melee don't get executed by me Well, we get melee Yeah, then you die Oh, man, kill myself come on Oh, I'm a professional Honestly, don't get you get Eat crab love Have to help see Go up the unspoken Yeah, that's a fast All right, so it says freeze I see why that was so difficult All right To make things a little bit more reasonable Everyone crouch I didn't say switch or says you guys both failed They both failed though, but we get a winner out of that one So it says stand back up grabble All right, cool, so it says the same game continues Because it has a proximity might over there All right, so it says the game resumes I'm trying to execute you Yeah I don't really can fly wow Remember Congratulations, you are the winner dude let's hear your victory speech Man, you know, that just like to think the academy. Go ahead and execute me. That was amazing. First switch or so. Wait a minute. First one, the VG. Oh, man. Oh, man. G-E-G? What is going on in there? So it's for you. Man, you got a school of both of us. I'll say a thank you for you. No. Thank you for catching. Let's see. You got to win me, man. I was going to do it. I was going to do it.