 What is up everyone welcome the swifter says Thurt says turn around Take one step forward A lot of y'all move but I didn't say swifter says I just get back on the fence The plan was for you to go on to the other side If you messed up like oh careful there Swifter says jump once Jump again Thurt says crouch Swifter says look to your left Swifter says stand Last person to crouch does I heard that I heard that Oh my god I heard that Swifter says when you hear me fire my gun jump Swifter says you will do that every time for the rest of the game Swifters says follow me Forget No forget that rule I will forget that rule I'm not gonna forget it I'm gonna plant that in my brain Remind me come on I missed the job Oh, you're losing your mind I know Swifters says on the blue truck I'm gonna plant that in my brain Sound like a firework It's so cool I love July I mean I'm in I just love the fear of this How might I just blow it up Get out of that truck I'm just gonna say do not hit your bumpers Someone's bumpers I think it is Sound one I don't love this It's a proxy mind Swifters says get up Swifters is going to prone Without falling off the truck It's all over the truck It's all over the truck Why is that? That's not their finalistic of the truck Oh my god The truck is eating players right now Don't worry Don't worry It's just fun Oh my god Why did you get up? They remembered Very good Swifters says follow me Oh The truck is still eating It's a Sounding It is a Fist state The Fist is the middle one As far as you can Swifters says the people who were killed by the truck And not me rejoin the game Oh thank you Oh wow There we go One day we'll have a blood That's just a guy's playing I mean they could have a Good job crammed Oh someone Not remembering remember when I fired my gun you jump Did you forget Yes Swifters says come with me Oh No Can even get out Don't let them out Sir waiting for you You guys didn't jump when I fired my gun McCool man you gave yourself up I didn't even catch you Oh Yeah pretty sad both you kill each other I thought What's wrong with coulman You little worried Don't trust you don't trust you in the air Banana come on up here. Oh We're just players are rejoining go up there. All right once again. Let's do some practice Let's find it was microphones being tabled right now X ray. Oh X a J. It's you man J meet your microphone forever. Thank you X ray Let's try Please come down Suicide Jack rejoin the game So just Memphis will happen there Memphis how'd you kill Jack I was What the mountain button popped up on my screen and I hit it but it we're trying to mount Jack and then you killed him Thank you So it says you three laps shoulder to shoulder What do you guys have a smoke detector that needs to have its batteries replaced So it just says everyone else up there get behind these guys way back there I want to see everybody will I do this You want to watch everybody but it's great so once again the rule that we're persistent so further notice is when I fire my gun will jump You two of you guys messed it up one of you guys has murdered someone great You three kill each other Hit them off long for that You Cool man Pop this pop this if I shoot you now do you believe all of the players will it should jump? Yes You believe all the players to jump if I shoot you How about you anything yes great What if you guys shoot each other just as you three kill each other Down that's crazy Oh, I'm tough man You redeemed himself here. Dean himself. Yeah, no, yeah, not yet. Yeah, so it says Jack come on down Oh He's bad Jack he mistakenly killed you man Now Jack you know he just passed that mini game so you don't get to automatically kill he passed that but But he's not his hands are not fully washed a blood What you can do is if you want you can challenge him to a one-view one or you can just forgive him And a one-view one you might die again. He just killed two people so he might be might be okay at the game The Jack gets your choice forgiveness or fight Oh Both of you guys go back into the line That's the right choice. Yeah, that's the right choice. Yeah, right. Yeah, Swiftress does make a circle It's easy. It's easy. Hey look what's in the middle here. There is a Drain here how by air by just let the drain be in well never mind Circle looks more like a trying Guys were fine you guys were fine. So let's go back you were Great Here's your next challenge listen up Through down a smoke and you guys will have to make a letter X anyone who's not in the letter X will be in trouble Letter X says go Freeze freeze freeze freeze freeze freeze freeze freeze freeze What This is miraculous what You can't Swiftress says go into prone All right, so does that like you guys to rotate the X counterclockwise that means you're going to Scoot to your right while while looking at that while while you look at the center of the X Understand Maintain the integrity of the letter X while rotating understand Swiftress will try. Swiftress has rotate 90 degrees counterclockwise Got this a follow guy in front of you. So I know Thomas again very good All right, whoa, whoa, this is learning like a naughty symbol. Oh, so does this for stand up. This is no good Oh Okay, great this is when I run past you jump once I Are you quick all right, so just as when I Walk when you just want to walk by you jump again Swiftress says if it's your smoke detector in the background that's low on batteries meet your microphone Forever I've won it's my second time warning you no more warning after this. Thank you Great last person crouch does Damn it When I fire my gun you jump a jump twice I'm gonna go replace that battery, you know it saves lives Get a power of ladders and chairs will help you all right, so if it says going to front All right, well, I run past you stand up Why are you jumping? Somebody Yeah, I think somebody got a No, no, you're both standing. I shot the people who are standing. You gotta trust me for now anyway Swiftress says follow me. I never trust you. Why would you? I'm sorry to hear that right? No, I will not pass away from not trusting me Swiftress says you have a tight corner over yours. This is getting sucked. Please Said you to the shadow around every time we play this game get sick to the shadow realm By the way, if you're watching Vertical stream you can watch the wide screen stream by going to Swift or live on YouTube It's a new channel where I do my my full stream. So I'll end my stream When I'm done with Call of Duty stuff. I don't want to keep on watching you can watch there Everyone on Swift live I appreciate the subs great. So it says crouch So it says going to prone on the floor. Oh Y'all are really Sir on the floor. I can't flip through. They're not letting me scooch over. Please You better they're gonna kill you. Yeah, five seconds five Okay, you got it. All right. Good job. All right, Swiftress says freeze on the stairway There's gonna be a proximity mine. It's gonna kill many of you Your job is simply good thing. I didn't make it to exit the door At the very bottom of this building Swiftress says go you can be last first doesn't matter Your card is Standing Swiftress says find where the fact Englisher was Oh, it was here. I think it was here what this mouth was. Oh, yeah. Oh, this is it. There's a fox thing which are here and they got damaged by the proximity mine and that blew up and killed other players unexpectedly. I should really remember I have locations of all these barks thing which is all right. So what does that say in the building? Unfortunate. Yeah, you know exactly charms what boxing was supposed to save lives not take lots. I'm just glad I was doing this. It happened to funk of all people. He did it for democracy. Great. Swifter says let's hop back on that fence. This fence is endless content. Oh no, hang on a minute. I don't want to. You can stay on any part of the fence. It does not need to be that fence right there. Thank God. I'm point one second so I was dying to the timer. I've got great news everybody. Those kills from the power of boxing is recounted for me which means I have. Oh, that's empty. We're not a good thing except for the center. No, not the center. You guys come on. That's gonna kill my arch nemesis. I does like this. Good. That looked right there. All right, the rules are very simple guys. Swifters says the last few people on this roof die. Go anyway you'd like. Oh, no. No, I made it. Yay. Wow. I was already the best. Wait, you just get here. I jumped three times. We were jumping. I was the first to jump. You killed me first. No, you were the last three people. You lost me people on the roof. There we go. Great. Swifters says everyone. All those closest you can to the edge of the roof here. I'm going to throw it. I'm going to throw it. Come on. All right, let's try that again. Fuck. I thought you'd get the roof. The edge of the roof not cool there. Good job. Oh, God. Whoa, whoa, relax. Oh, my God. Bro, it's last for wrong. Wow, really, really serious there. All right. I think that centering was gunning for me. I'm going to throw it. I'm going to throw it. All right, good job. That was the point of the whole jump when I fired my gun. Swifters says everyone follow me. Swifters says laps your little shoulder. Okay. I'll happily take it. Oh, oh, oh. I didn't say Swifters says stop jumping after I fired my gun. That was a bleat lie. Yeah. Swifters says that rules the laws of the side. That's right. Honestly, that was the new validate. Yeah, I was thinking for a second whether I should jump or not. Swifters says get on the green vehicle. Many of you may die here. Or none of you possibly. Swifters says you can move around on the car wherever you'd like. Wherever you'd like as long as stand the car. Swifters says if you've bought the car, you die. Throw pancake there. Oh, you guys are right. You can stay wherever you want. I bet you're fine. No one's going to die. The car blows off. Come on, Violet. Brace my presence, God. I'm coming. I'm coming. That's absolutely destroyed. Long-propped. Oh, Jesus. Oh, no. Oh, no. Go now. He's got a lot. Make cool man. Make cool man. Stop. Carpet bomb. Oh, right. Swifters says follow me. Keep going. Lower your block. I'm going to have to go down fire extinguisher. If I think that I'm going too far. I'm on fire. Was I on fire? Alright, I've failed. I would have sold it a lot. I'm not in trouble. abusive. Yeah, I'm going to throw it away. What did I do? Is that what I have faith in? Alright, let's do some rooftop stuff. What does that say? Everyone will start up here. I remember you were part of this. Let me go over the rules. Please follow me with your eyes only. Alright, first, this roof, and this roof, and then over here. Tika Boo. Great. I have bad news for you guys. Have a friend that's returned. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't feel like anyone's going to survive this. Are you a library? If you're dead, I don't care how you feel. Here we go. Swim to the stairs. Again. You can do this. You can do this. There is cover that you can use. There is timing that you can take advantage of. There we go. Two players are left. Oh, we've asked her. Oh, we've asked her. We've asked her. She's almost made it. She was so close. She's dying.