 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says Swiftress says you see there are two two line black and yellow lines over here So just want each of you guys to choose one segment to stand on one segment per person the yellow or black segment Swiftress stand on yep, so just go ahead stand on one We'll early their x-ray but that's okay Okay Excuse me All right, I'm willing to stake that I win the nurse The puns are gonna keep on going even after Jimmy dies. I'm sure all right See this is pretty good. Dr. Says him at one person across from you So just as aim at their head Swiftress says when I run past you you'll crouch Run slide. It's fun man. Don't worry about it. All right. All right. When I run past you'll stand back up Just don't are please come with me I did not say Swiftress says All right, so it says everyone aim your guns the very center over here Swiftress says you guys are only allowed to aim at the floor at the center over there Stoner here is your challenge man you have to get from here The other sidewalk Glad dying how will you do this? Hopping man hopping is the answer you might be able to do it like only one or two hops Which is as you can only aim at the spot in front of you guys no looking left and right you can't target his feet You're looking at the spot in front of you that's your thing all right So it says stoner make your way to me without dying You did it Good job man. Good job. Good job. Good job. All right stoner as your ward get the pick go walk up to one person and have them do the challenge as well go for it Swiftress says go back in the line I didn't say Yeah, oh, I thought I thought I thought that was gonna get me to you as already just chop up someone all right I do want one other player to try this out. So Swiftress says last person to stand does it Why not Swiftress says aim at a spot at the center. That'll be the only spot you can fire at Swiftress says everyone same game. This is Matt make your way to me good luck Oh Jimmy Okay, well that was the same thing. I know not to face off with Jimmy Well there you go Matt. That's why not now. He got his answer. Swiftress says please follow me Ah, here we go. That's the room I'm looking for Swiftress says it's your lucky day. You want to pick a piece of me And people is out Ooh, Lattery will get you places great Swiftress says to me to have a melee weapon take it out So It says you've selected your meat and now you will beat it sort of says beat that meat Oh Why are people going down I'm happy I didn't use that we can meet over there Swiftress says the three people who killed somebody please Come towards me Swiftress says the three people who were just killed please rejoin the game. You're not your time is not Yeah, yes, what does Emmy had phone jack and Jimmy not Jimmy. Sorry. Oh VipEx died Yeah, I got I knifed someone yeah And me I wasn't on the site be in you What All right, we're joined he's he's not out of the woods. He murdered someone too All right, so Swiftress says you too I Need to wait for for Vap to come back. So just just chill in the locker room here So it says everyone in this room is done a great job preparing their meat So it says all of you guys on the meats follow me Follow me follow me So just please get on top of these containers over here Guys did a great job preparing the meat So does you three follow me I said Swiftress says bro So So it says you guys Penderize the wrong people There's a three of you must always be touching these three pieces of meat any three or any of these four whatever All right in a moment We ask you guys to kill one other player with your melee weapon Remember this game is over once one of you die. That means two of you will survive again Lives are precious this game. I have so few people to work with The game will begin when I fire my gun. Listen very carefully. No one talk. Swiftress says listen carefully I was gonna get a tricky guys. Why the hell is confusing all right recipes headphone jack emi Baked Yeah, you guys thought you were off the hook You're not you two kill each other You're off the hook so just get back on that container go ahead All right, I'm gonna get echo from X ray Let's sort out that microphone Great so does this please stand up Here's your challenge folks. We just need to get on top of the cab over here without touching the floor Real simple thru just take your time there's no time when if you fall through the floor you're in trouble Ready set go Swift or says go Hey, um, Dale nope. Oh, bro, you fit siguro feel bro Can y'all like how to move back a little bit like Yeah, they slide off they're dead. We'll not dead in trouble. Okay. Okay, never mind. All right siguro. Thanks come with me man Your jobs take defense inside This container they're gonna try and kill you using any means possible without getting off the truck If you can survive for 30 seconds while staying inside the container Crouch emi get through join us But as you guys over there can use anything you've got to kill them But if you kill someone else on top of that truck over there you're in trouble I just heard a grumpy bull of a head You know To resist go 30 seconds good luck I can't shoot He's still alive 20 seconds left Do they do it? Do it? I'm waiting for the first moment 15 seconds Oh, 10 seconds kill this man Where is he? I'm on it. I'm on Four no where are you? two One he must be nice for you. Yeah, he was hiding pretty good. Yeah So, Gerrard, did you think you were gonna survive that? I'm a shoot right there. No, not really. There he is. Just rejoin the players you survived Guys, I'm disappointed. How do you not murder? He was in front of the back, but I mean Oh, no, no lethals. No, it was wrong. That's it Yeah I'm gonna show you guys that he's a drug. You have to truck now good luck So after ses follow me We do to join these games join our discord server send the description of any of my videos or all my tiktok profile Pretty easy to fill my servers. You just google it All right great great So it was just stay on the oh I got it. I got it. Easy one Last person to hang off this container dies go Swift says go Hang off the container last person do so is just dead. No mini games. You just get murdered plain done Remove from the match Oh Jesus, there's two of you guys oh I fell first person You guys got this come on stoner who's gonna be turned into you meet Oh, sorry almost almost almost Thanks for the confidence guys. I was gonna wait for you to do the kill you, but oh I got on and then I keep climbing up my back So it just says we're gonna follow me We need to trim the fat off this episode as it took the trick to just pick a wall inside this container either one Oh lord Perfect, so it just says looks straight up You Trade up All right, so it just says last person in crouch plays the game first Well, that was tough. I missed that one. Let's try again. So it just says first person to stand plays the game Just to come with me man All right, so it says you guys can look down Oh Let's go okay, look it's really simple men. All you gotta do is get this container these guys will try and block you You don't have to run this container get through these guys trying to block you if you get through the other side Within the amount of time I give you you live Push the front which says you cannot block the exit like that be scaming Okay, there we go exit must be unobstructed great Sort of says so guru you have 18 seconds good luck You can make it through man you can make it through can do it Always make it through eight seconds you can do it You're close on our watch Come on One no, so it says kill the guru Oh wow you only killed him man you guys are good. I try That was very accurate. He was right in front of me. I had to be really what swifter says follow me So it says we're on top of this wall over here All right, swifter says we have eight players and that means it's time for a trivia challenge Oh Jump if you're excited for the trivia challenge So it says jump you're excited for the trivia challenge Yeah, there we go Well great, so if it says find the partner you'll be facing off against Oh Okay So listen carefully If this game is done correctly And you guys only kill your partner when you're supposed to love four players left If you kill your partner when you're not supposed to you will also die So it's possible we might have let's say all of you guys kill your partner On the wrong answer then everyone loses and it's a tie for all of you guys. So this is gonna work out okay So today's topic is gonna be Flowers again. We did this before we did this before so Swifter says When you hear the name of a real flower Stab the person stab your partner. That's it That's it. You hear the name of a real flower. So it just says when I say the name of a real flower Will stab Your partner Oh come on man. Look I'm not I promise I promise the flower that I give It's gonna be look it's gonna be a very or you just knife when someone else knives and hope that they got it right right That's the way Okay, let's switch to says let's begin. We just thought we have to says okay You will stab your partner when I say the name of a real flower honeycomb Chocolate Coco Soup And boozled Bamboo So just a sir So I understand you're not familiar I know you're not familiar with flowers It's very easy to mistake bamboo So keep on looking at your partner there says I know it's very easy to you know mistake bamboo for something like like a potato You know So it says let's Continue Rasp Weeds Arowana No wait Hang on sort of stop now I've got to google it. I'm actually not sure about that one It's a plant It's a flower. I don't think it's a little but it's a plant You know it grows it just grows like it you know it's not a flower It's not a flower I don't know Here we go Marijuana flower weed or plant Is marijuana flower So it says yes marijuana is a flower however it's consumed to be an unusual sort of flower Most flowers have both pistols and stamens which are both female male parts marijuana has all these in this composition Maybe you guys in here me so it says marijuana is a flower Yeah, the more you know Yes, sir, all right, so it says you three follow me Here's the way the game's gonna work guys so it just says the three of you guys Proud shoulder to shoulder over here. This is our finale So it just says the winner of this game be the first person to stand After this flies over your head. So it just says good luck I Know for a fact unfortunately, I mean it was not you You too was very very who does those ghost you have any kind of like judgment? Is it? We know Close it was close but it was Jimmy Yeah Go so smoking congratulations Jimmy there we go What I was really hoping was that someone would put what stand up too soon and blow all you guys up But you know I was a pretty medium rare maybe on top of me All right, so it says Jimmy please come with me congratulations. You are the winner of the game I got second place. It's only fair that you give your shout out in front of your beloved meat. Yes Right here myself right there. Yeah, there we go. Oh, okay. There we go. All right Jimmy. What's your shout out man? Exclamise some rock Jimmy in the chat follow my twitch fun live streams there There you go folks in twitch can type exclamation mark Jimmy from moderate could please do a proper shot command that be great. GG man All right great game guys