 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftressess just do what I say when I say Swiftressessess Simon says in call of duty all right so first things first we got this green container I'm on Swiftressess get on top of this container Swiftressess both feet must be on top of container That's a bullet bro and eight your feet Swiftressess please do your best work as a team to get everyone up there it's a cooperative effort oh my god spread out spread out spread out oh my god i was gonna get a cooperative punishment you guys have 18 seconds to get everyone on there get them up here come on guys come get them up here yeah done great job great job great job all perfect yeah perfect all right cool all right step two the Swiftressessess go into prone while remaining on the green container you know i'll push me off please that's not gil swifted excellent step three everyone go everyone crouch got a good lobby team all right here we go all right be very careful all right the smoke on now anyone who's still in prone before the smoke clears dies go all right impressive all right time for a terrible idea that's a proximity line no Swiftressess get off that dive good luck we were on dead so far no way let's try that again all right Swiftressess forget that ever happened erase it from memory Swiftressess crouch exactly thank you all right stand I heard someone stand I heard someone stand Swiftressess listen with me what's your name oh no fat man all right fat man no i'm i'm i'm like concern myself fat man as well i'm uh i'm not quite obese but what's between obese and normal weight there's something in between i'm whatever that is fluffy yeah i'll go with that all right so all you got to do is get on top of a container without being killed how can you be killed bullets actually melee let's go with melee Swiftressess please start right here all right when i say go you can start climbing and these guys know i'll wrap and try and melee you once you're up there you're safe all of you guys you're not allowed to climb you can jump in melee we just have to get up there safely if you melee the wrong person you will also die so please be careful any questions good Swiftressess go well that was easy only one person went after you and he crouch while doing it well there you go that was unfortunate all right so it says you can get back from line you're good thank everybody wow yeah no one there's no blood thirst i'm i thought we'll be foaming at the mouth all right try again i want i want to do the same mini game so let's catch someone else Swiftressess everyone stand up right Swiftressess last person crouch does oh boy that went that you're name please buddy so i'm gonna get to spend the way at the prone you technically crouch last you must be punished Swiftressess one else stand up then the exact same mini game Swiftressess please stand over here yeah all you gotta do when i say go you'll clamp to the top and we're all has stand the ground but they can melee you all right Swiftressess guy oh oh so do you realize that you clown when i said you couldn't climb you sit on the container i say it's in the ground bro i said you couldn't climb meaning not on the containers. Yeah, they're on the container. That's the box. I'm sorry. Just couldn't like. Sorry. I'm sorry. It was a waste of exactly what you're all. It is not technically incorrect, but they all should die. Box, what does this come on down, bro? There we go, man. You can join them on the side of justice over here. So does this more or less? You say something. For me? Yeah, folks. There we go, man. You said he was correct. So I'm doing it. Look at all of them. Should die because they you never say I slept the last one. They don't play like they did. He did it. No, no, no. He did it. It's OK. I'm sure you guys we found such an easy challenge. So this is both of you guys. Please stand over here. Look. All you guys do is get up there and you're safe. Take this. Please stand over here. Both of you guys. Wherever you're still. Yeah, right? We're important. Thank you. All right. Just climb up there. When you're up there, just get the safety. All right. Let's go over the rules one more time. You're not allowed to climb. Anyway, staying on the ground. A while in the ground, you can just jump and try and stab or whatever. Maybe you guys want to run in this corner and stab immediately. Maybe we'll get somebody. You two. You guys guys got to do this. We're up there. He's safe. Easy. Ready, set. Go. This is a very good. Very good. A lot with good listeners. I like it. Swiftress says go. Oh, he almost got me killed. You almost hit me. He's a nice jump. What? What? Thank. I'm not gonna say no. All the rules have been fucked. You guys are all safe. Swiftress says you're on top of the roof. All the rules have been followed. Good job, everybody. Give me that. Give me that. Give me that. Swiftress says there are two smaller roofs on top of the roof. Choose one and get on top, please. Come on, tell us what you're supposed to get into the real one. Right. Now, if you're getting you guys with Swiftress says stuff has been basically not possible this game. So let's do this differently. Swiftress says you'll find one person on the rooftop that you want to murder if you have the chance. Just walk up to them. Now they're looking at you. I don't care. Just walk up to somebody. Oh, okay. Alright, Swiftress says look around. Maybe someone else is aiming at you. Swiftress says if we do anything, it will be melee only. If we get a good angle to watch all of this, I'm cold. Great. Remember, melee only. No, no, no, no. Look at each other. If you're not, hang on. Swiftress is free. Sir. I said walk up to someone, but you didn't. I don't want to kill anyone. I don't want to kill anyone. I'll let you know when I care. Alright. melee. Wow. Swiftress says. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Good job. Uh, yes. The four people that were killed can join back. Good job. Sure. Why not? What is only the four people who just died? The first one. You four. You goofed. Alright, so what did you guys get wrong there? You did not say Swiftress says. Exactly. Now, four of you kill each other. Oh, there we go. Now, you guys are paying attention. Just as you four kill each other. Damn it. Damn it. I just gave you a tree. Wait, please. Please, please. I'm so sorry what I did. I want to apologize to the guy killed. Who is so slow at me that? You can apologize. He can hear you. You won the mini game. Good job. You're fine. Yeah, you did. You're good. Yeah, you can do it. Go pick up. Go pick up player again. Just go ahead. Sure. Swiftress says go ahead. Are you sure Swiftress? Ever says? I literally said Swiftress says. Go ahead. Got it, boy. Alright, next challenge. Swiftress says you have to jump from one roof to the other roof without touching the floor. It will involve you mantling or dolphin diving if you're really good at that. Swiftress says if you miss it and you touch the roof, get behind me. Swiftress says begin. I'm going blank. Here I go. Two failures. Get behind me. Two failures. Get behind me. Sir, Swiftress says stop. Sir, hang on. Did you just try to trick me? I just ran. Alright. Swiftress says continue. Hold up. You said two filies and there's two people behind you. That was you. That guy that came behind for no reason. You touched the floor. Hey, I made it. If you make it, you just need to know the one. Yeah, I make it. I think I made it. I don't know. Alright, I'm going to jump to the other side. We need to room up, Frank. If you're going to jump across, get to the back. I think over here. That's the floor, sir. Now both of you guys. If you get behind me, if you mess up, you have a chance to live. You can try and trick me like band that you're going to get murdered. I can jump. There's someone got in my way. Nope. Sorry, bro. Kate, bro, on your way. Yep. Nope. Negative. Negative. Hey. Negative. Oh, sorry. Negative. Is that everybody? Yeah. Yeah. I think. I feel like never went over here. Hang on. I kind of remember folks. They're always hiding in the back. Hang on. Sir, which trip did you start off on? I just joined. You just won the last mini game. You're just in time for this mini game. Alright. It's what it says to be rejoined the game but didn't play this mini game. You're not excluded. Come on over. What you guys got to do is get to the other side without touching the floor. Switch us as begin. Wait. What? You could rejoin? No, no, only those four folks. Only the four folks has specified. Very great job. Good job. Great job. Who are you and why are you here? Oh, I've been here because I made it from there. Great. You're doing it again. Switch us J-man do it one more time. Oh, come on. Oh, come on. This is the time. I did. Oh, we're going to say four J-man but the fact that he did it is good. Yeah. Switch us as everyone up there. Please get on the side of the roof. You guys are all going to go again. Oh, I think it's all over here. Switch us as everyone up there. Please get on the side of the roof. Switch us as all of you. Please make your way up over here. Cool. Alright, you guys can do it again but it's going to be even harder. We've seen it's very possible to do this jump without mantelling. If the mantel do it, these players are going to shoot you. I'm going to give you as an example of it being done, you know, without a... Not mantling. Switch us as please move to this side so I have some running room over here. You guys will need to do this for each other. Great. Okay. I want to dive there. Don't do what I just did. Alright! Switch us as you guys down here. If they have the mantel, get up there. Kill them. Hopefully it touches the floor. Kill them. Hang on a little bit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. Alright, switch us as begin. You know how I'll be the bigger man? I'll go first. Oh my god. You got a jump. Oh my god. Okay. There we go. What was your name? They were great. No, that was my mantel. Hang on. Jack actually will be going. I tried to soften that. That was a mantel. That was a mantel. It looked like a mantel. I wasn't a mantel. It was a little shrewd early, guys. It just gave some time to see if it's a mantel. Oh. I would like a replay. A mantel. Jesus. Oh yeah. I'm protesting my mantel. I'm protesting my mantel. Yeah. I'm protesting my mantel. I'm also wolf-winged sword. Yeah, I'm a little bit. Yeah. If you also like the third one, third to fourth one, you didn't mantel. He's not mantel. I do not mantel. There he is. That was Jack. That was Jack. That was the rejoined. Jack's moment of process. Alright, so it says you two guys stand right over here. Yep. That was so much fun which dude again with you, guys. Oh no. Alright. Here, this is what we're going to do. It's going to be based on, um, yeah, first off, what it says, everyone stand up over here. Yep. If you believe you could do this in your first try, what it says, go into front. You know what? Great. So what is all five of you? Come on down. You're the rules. If you do it successfully, you'll pick one person to do the challenge as well to replace you. Alright? Obviously, if you feel you'll die. Go on fires. Alright. Swift says, begin one of your ready. You got this funk. Oh bro. Good? You got this funk. No. Good. Oh my god. Almost missed. Good. That was very close to being missed. How much? Good. Great. Good job. Perfectly done. So this is the each of you five. Walk up to someone and send them over here. Oh, it can be in the bio. Oh right. You both, you both, do the trick. Got 2000 canceled today and paid five. Should I ask you this ancient robe I don't know, I'm just going to swift record it will take about one last time. Okay got the previous one here that needs you and I will do the trick of walking up into the water patting into it in the direction I was trying my hand written and make a soap. haha. No man, that should do it but it didn't hurt the snow and the arrival of a little snowman coming out. Come on frank or you think it smells good? You sure you're doing it, man? I'm going to help you, ooh aye. Good job little ones. Thanks for making the GOB walk as usual. I'm barely touching it like you know like go with it's not a mantle, you know They're like kind of walking on the air that's fair. It's when they clearly mantle Mantle animation like that or touch the floor. That's when they die. All right, so it says Wait, yeah So it says begin good luck guys J-man's a pro at this. He's not gonna have any problem J-man redemption arc great great Lower confale. Oh, oh, no, wow. That was no fun. I'm wearing got it. All right. It is what the switchers has fallen me to the north All right, it's okay. We got we got some good content there. Yeah, there's two again All right, good quick. It's time for another kitty pool game All right, super says memorize numbers of the pools three five six Swooped to says once you've seen the numbers choosing the way like remember the number you're in Does that be a fun though I'm gonna be close I have a rubber deck Can I see sure? Sure All right, good job. Swoopers says going to prone Oh, no All right, so as you guys memorize which pool number you're in let's test it All right last person pool number five the stand dies Good job last person pool number three of stand dies Very good last person number six the dies Like that anyone the last two pools, but that's okay Great All right after the next one. It's a little bit vicious All right, so it says the last pool to entirely stand it's punished Oh Your six or five here Let's try it again, so it just says going to prone to try that again Those are all I just see all right when I fire my gun last pool the stand gets punished Swiftress says go It's kind of hard to tell all right itself forget it So does it aim at any other pool you want Every bullet I fired you're allowed to fire one bullet at that pool You fucking dumb it Super says bright real slim shaneyistic panda Through this is gimp to the center. I did not say swift recess Oh Amit the feet of these three players Swiftress says unload There is four of them One person killed few people Swiftress says it won't follow me please Oh I want to know who that was I should have paid attention Mr. Panda I'm sure is very sorry about it. Swiftress says please lapse your little shoulder I don't want you to be sorry. I want you to be careful You're on my list. All right. Yeah, thank you. Thank you slim All right, so this is gonna sort of says crouching This is gonna be I always I never think these games actually do very well or work very well the call duty context or we do red light green light Exha been no red lights no green lights simply while I'm looking you cannot move While looking away you can if I see you moving you die For example, I'm looking away you guys can safely crawl like watch walk towards me. So just go ahead And now I'm turning back around so does if I see you you die see you move you die Pretty good So it says that's the name of the game. Let's continue Sorry, buddy. I moved too fast. That's all me. I don't mean to move that fast Let's try that again Oh Why was it taking too long? That's Shit You should actually make this into a game Squigame and call the new class Good job, everybody got him got him The money still moving I Got it All of you guys get behind me. We're just waiting on Jayman again. Jayman. You're very far behind I know Just as love you guys over there. I suppose Jayman say where you are Supress says follow me the game is over All right, so just stand on this wall right here Probably better win See we I've I've lost all my toys again my proximity mine smoke Wilson turret Yeah, why not oh what the hell where to go? Wow, I have no idea anyway, so it says we get on top of there and stay alive you get to live. So just go ahead Well considering it in below you guys be rushing over I thought it was I It's the time between you guys congratulations GG if you want to join our games join our discord discord gg 4x swifter or to search for swift or discord GG guys