 What is up everyone welcome to Swift or says we're back on high rise Swift or says you're on top of the roof over there jump once Great a few folks are just chilling down here don't blame them I actually you know even though you guys were going up there. I wasn't really paying attention. I have no idea how to get up there Uh, if you believe you can get up there within 30 seconds if I were to challenge you please come in front of me right now Oh, this is easy Nah Are we a Dan to kill our and that's what was both of you guys standing over here We're gonna demonstrate not how to get up on the wall about how to place what just says now did I say Swift or says come up here? You two kill each other Wait, wait, wait, wait. I didn't say Swift or says the neither bro All right, you know what we're all only gonna kill one of you guys but both of you guys seem pretty confident Swift or says you run on the roof take one step back Careful So does this basically get out of the ways what I'm saying guys Great this is me a race and Nat First one of you guys to get up there will live the other one will die Swift or says you to go Wow Thank you so much No, I think You guys got it. Don't worry. You guys got it. Oh, oh, he's not up there. Oh, not there yet See falls Made it he's out he made it. Oh Dan I got some bad news man He be you but you're not dead yet Dan you have one last chance to ride this bro Okay, let's see let's give you a challenge Swift can I come back? Oh, oh the guy that got killed wait who killed you will dream me That list That come on down evil Jimmy rejoin the game Swift or says blah blah blah Murder or come on down. Let's see Zed put us come on down. He's a safe to say All right, Zed how are you man? I'm fine. What I like this is tough and a mistake right right Dan Zed we're gonna do one more race I Person can get to the top of that crane over there first we'll live the other player will die you love you guys know the route Great Swift or says you to says go you look Interesting different routes Oh, I'm a little wait wait, what were you guys going top the crane? That's how the building I mean maybe you guys know something I don't Yeah, sorry, all right Daniel man looks like a very little competition Top of the crane that's That's in a West there you go You gotta go to the crane bro They got it. He's not there yet. He's not there yet Almost there you go you made it all right, so it says kill the other guy Sorry Zed all right there. I go miss communication it happens great All right, so it looks like you get to live after all sort of says everyone else on top of the crane go Wow, you can jump off there's no fall damage with fall damage won't be enough to kill you you'll be fine You got Johnny guys over there I still like Ryan Reynolds I don't hear it I don't hear it I Can see it Line later go first Oh Chuck rest in peace if you fall off your out of the game guys that this is the risk of playing on high rise You gotta be careful what a great first time thanks blame gravity bro Should have put you on that erase just gotta get up there Hi punk Hello boss man Hey, hey, I know can I stay in a spectator not to leave hey You actually have to leave your home you got pack your bags and move somewhere else man That is that's why I was gonna lose what just says. Yeah, man You can see the air spectator way there's another game after this. Yeah, I don't go anywhere don't go anywhere I moved 50 different times to the lost with the shows All right great guys are mostly up there good to see get to see get to see all right great So There's a building to your north So just look to your north you can spot me. I'm like over here. You can go on you know this Platform as a little you know inference right over here Your job will be to go Right up here It's not gonna be a race because some of you guys have done the right order But there was a time limit Well, okay All right, let's make it a very generous time it um Sort of says get in there within one minute good luck using the route I specified from the crane to that passageway go So it says go Yeah, he says don't fall off the crane I will be in your way now I'm not getting out of your way so figure it out you guys are doing great I'm the first one here you can do it man don't worry man Oh No one died yet good job Oh Come on You can't happen what did you do? Oh, I did know you could Fucking barrel in the shit will blow up Oh, he got the Barrel and you thought nothing would happen man. I've done it in the past. I've niped a little you know the red container barrel Nothing happened Jump back into the game fuck come on I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I just break the glass over here carefully The two people that funk kill please rejoin the game To the people I killed I did not know that was going to happen. Okay Had his crazy if you night the other barrels and nothing happened so why would that one? You know what? Someone mailed one of them in a different explode all right great next up All right, oh, yeah, I'm a one of these things called again people used like the wind wash windows and and Exbildings this platform over here. Yeah, yeah Let's not scaffold scaffolds will you use to protect you know people below No And tree and tree that really a gantry And trees wow well anyway everyone get up there Oozzy so does oozzy make you up there bro. They demonstrate for you man. You're very eager So does oozzy make your way up on that gantry that really what's called Yes, so oozzy What not nothing to me All right, so does everyone else up there go You Nice The joy of our discord server to search google for swift or discord easy Excellent everyone's up there. Cool. All right, so Swifters says aim straight up Apparently, so just as fire a one shot All right, so just as next your next job without moving from your current position sort of says destroy every piece of glass that you see go Right there, come on. Let's go guys destroy all the glass Guys got it there you go All right, Swifters says stop This building that you're at has many other pieces of glass. So does as you can drop that and destroy all the other glass go Why you guys being shy there you go Oh All right stop So just as McCool man Join me over here Okay Swifters says everyone else laps shoulder to shoulder over here So So it just make me cool man. Oh, please. You'll be right here. Be cool man Let's just recap what happened. So I asked everyone to do what Shoot the glass right did you what did you shoot? I shot some glass, but someone got in the way someone got in the way you shot too cool Now now is too cool glass No, that's right. Swifters says unload I'm sorry to Cool All right, man, Swifters says please join me inside So Everybody cool down by the cool Swifters says stand under the hello ceiling decoration Hello, but Swifters has picked one letter from hello to aim your gun at Swifters has fired three shots at it Oh Dragon's bro good job We're gonna play a small game of two close to the edge You know we might have to meet players for that actually we kind of suck, huh Let's do it anyway who cares Swifters says I'm gonna ask you guys to get Close to these windows as possible without falling off The person who I believe is furthest into the room will die Swifters says go You have 18 seconds by the way before asking to freeze Oh someone fell right that rest in peace Oh careful guys literally You know Three Three Two One Swifters says freeze no movement whatsoever none No turning around or if you're looking hungry No sorry Dark Lord I can't when I said no turning around you turned around Rest in peace hungry You Great now it's examination time Oh no Shadow demon are you where there's like a dog like your butt Do you have is it like your is it like your Emotional security pet what's it called again when you're allowed to kind of take a pet with you Motion support dog is that your emotional support dog Yes Hmm But two emotional support dogs do when they're when they're unemployed So find out all right It was the furthest out anyway don't worry Great time for reset everyone on these two catches over here go have a route to But it was dark You know if I didn't fall for something in a game I would be surprised So it was a dark have a seat man All right, Swifters says this is dark sofa only dark is loud in the sofa There's another sofa next to him all of you guys are loud in that sofa Swifters. Let's go to the other sofa It's okay if you can't fit on the sofa you can sit in front of it man. It's all right. It's not not it's not a challenge That dark you made a mistake man But you shouldn't be alone Swifters says dark At least select any one person over here to join you on your sofa Question Oh no You know it's on c standing right next to me You on name All right lightning Swifters says please join dark on his will on his sofa So what does everyone else back away from your sofa So I think of an important part of of making these games fun is um Or making anything fun really is creating tension tension is when you when you anticipate something and you know you You're you're the nervous about it or you know you're You're it's on your mind right like tension like for example Attention, I want to crave between lightning and and dark over here is that I want them to believe that at some point. I'm gonna ask these guys to shoot each other which which I will by the way It's not a secret So I want these guys Know any moment I could say come in and let the shoot each other I can also try and trick them. I could be like guys shoot each other And if they make a mistake and they're both dead But These guys know better than that lightning how many games have you been in? Think like 20 wow it's a lot of games man and dark how about you man just roughly I don't know I don't know how to explain when you count About a dozen than I have yeah, yeah, yeah, all right. So you guys have let's come back Yeah, I'll serve a thing over the super chat So we have this awkward situation where you guys are facing each other is waiting for me to say you know that The trigger you guys Swift as everyone else Pratch around them So after says everyone who's crouching aim your guns at either either player All right, I'm trying to do here is create even more tension When we're saving their guns at you guys are aiming at each other Lightning dart kill each other That's pretty good Sorry, my red all right when the smoke clears only you two can shoot each other First look clear Very good very good Wow Crystal Ladies and gentlemen that is tension being released Swift as on load Oh That guys is how you make a tick-tock all right There we go all right Swift just says everyone into the elevator lobby over here Yeah, this is the this is the elevator you get out of there when you enter high rise right front this side's team Elevator opens up and you grab a bag or whatever they had out of guns Those are didn't there there we go all right, so Swift says This is gonna be the portion of the game where a third of you will die Will not be up to me whether who dies will be up to the people watching the stream Here is your job that one so it says Choose an elevator door and want an equal number players next to each other's best possible So switchers has split the three elevator doors go This is not even whatsoever. Let's fix that a little bit. Let's see. We have five people here Six that's getting us fine. It's good. Great. So This is gonna be a challenge of creativity Each of you guys as a team will then discuss a funny place that this elevator is gonna take you and then Chat will vote for which one they like the best I'm gonna give you guys each time they kind of think about it like have some soul time. All right This elevator viewers. What does this you guys discuss? What's a funny place this elevator is gonna take you? Your mom's house All right, good talk guys. All right great. All right. How about you guys? What are some fun ideas? This is non-binding by the way. This is just this is brainstorming go for it Sell out All right, how about you guys any ideas? Where does your elevator go? Chuckie cheese. Chuckie cheese Great, you like go to cheese. All right, so Every single person I want you to crouch once you have in your mind the name of destination for your elevator So after says start thinking crouch when you've selected the location Everyone must everyone has to think of a spot I think it's safe to say that that sound poison just screwed us elevated doors. No listen you can listen you could Was non-binding. I'm gonna choose one person from each elevator group to submit their teams answer Do they get a chance to discuss amongst themselves or yeah, that wasn't working. It wasn't working We tried that it was it was very Lucifer you're looking around. I don't see that there we go. All right great. It's time. All right guys This is elevator one elevator two elevator three the poll will go up after we get our answer All right, so it says the first person to elevator one to stand up will provide their answer All right super knocks where does this all where is your team's elevator going? Uh, we're going to Jeffery Epstein's moxie everybody You All right, that was elevator one elevator two all right first person to send gives me an answer So it says first person to stand gives me an answer misery What where's this elevator going So I was muted cloud nine sir cloud nine all right there we go all right elevator three Chris Chris little power strip clip did I say switcher says stand up yet? Oh no So does this Chris please scratch again man. It's not your time to die yet All right now first person to stand gives me an answer go no You just tell me no You are our very brave so does this Chris you get your own elevator so does Chris come with me Your elevator only has one stop those so does Chris please stand over here. This is elevator four Okay, all right so it says you guys stand up before providing the answer All right, where's your elevator going elevator three vaped Uh playboy mansion playboy mansion okay An elevator four Chris where is your elevator going Oh The most power strip clip All right, strip clip So we have mackerel pith the answers one two three four All right, please vote now one two three or four the one with the vote for your least favorite sorry I have to be very clear vote for your least favorite elevator destination You're super He's vote for your least favorite this vote works on tiktok youtube and twitch I'm gonna lie off it's better than your mom's house like let's be real If you are if you are watching the vod on youtube I see sometimes in the comments You can you can definitely comment for fun, but this only works during the live stream Which hope you can make it to one day, but but don't sweat it Where that oh no Whoa So guys your vote your vote your voting for the one that you like the least one that one you vote for people gonna die I'm a four minutes left in this match don't worry It's like I can tell time Don't worry man. I'm a professional. I've done these games before you don't worry That's hilarious. He said this is the one and it's just keep going up That he explains that these are the people that go and that die it just keep going up They're just really Got words right The thing is chat saying that super knocks said and I switch elevator Elevators two and three please come over here I was really good Fuck it man your mom's house that's what screw this over I He said don't If you guys didn't move that was You're an opportunity to live Five of y'all just said nah fuck life so it just says follow me We are ending the game within three minutes. Don't worry Thank you. Don't Okay, actually before I do that. I want to play one more fun mini games. Does the lamp show shoulder shoulder? I'm really astonished at the dude that got put in the window didn't die that Swiftress says shoulder to shoulder that we don't have much time to really down here that I do want to know All right Swiftress says last two people to crouch play a special mini game Ooh reality and uh mr. Misery. So does this is both of you come with guys with me? Nah, no are you gonna let this mini game play? All right, swifter says uh reality please stand over here There's mr. Misery stand right over here So just as the rest of you guys can come watch you'll be funny All right, so we've done this before a mon wear fair to so just as please don't stand in front of them Sir just get the hell out of the way come on Thank you Take a hand All right, so here's the way this is gonna work The first person to simply use the force of them running break the glass without falling to their death Will win the mini game you're not melee if the break the glass by running through it If the run run through it without break without falling out you got it Yeah, all right, no questions remember no melee no bullets you have to run and break it But not somehow not fall out of the building it's possible if you're careful So just as the first person do this successfully survives which just as begin Oh Nice So does mr. Misery I would like it break the glass but not come back so just as begin Give me the mission all right congratulations reality You you completed your challenge or does miss uh green reality please stand over here you'll be the one of the final two players of the game So just as reality please stand over here The rest of you guys kill each other Just that stop No Chris It's my first Chris Please go to your next floor Yep Chris All right Swiftress says all of you guys come stand in this box over here Yep, yeah, whatever. So I want all of you guys in the same box Does that include me no not your ally all right sort of says you see the clock I was just 38 seconds for this is one that says 30 kill each other four Three two zero one Oh my lord Yeah, you're not all right Sort of says evil Jimmy reality come with me don't worry about no stress You guys hear me sort of says reality stand on this table it's for this evil Jimmy stand on this table Oh So this is both of you guys look at me There are only 10 seconds up in this game but I have to figure out a winner Swiftress says the first person to fall to the death wins the game go Oh Jimmy got it All right there you go So I got my way Yeah, that's all right He will Jimmy congrats on the win Bring reality out of you know The beginning where you're standing in tough situation great game GG guys, uh, we'll give both of you a shot but first Jimmy let's just shout out Uh sound of some of my wife just found out just pregnant so Congratulations, let's go man Yeah, give my all of your freedom Yeah reality how about you Oh, uh, I want to give a shout out to my channel creating underscore reality underscore And you swifter for being awesome and creating an amazing community Thank you very much. I mean, I'm uh communities nothing without you guys So thank you very much, but that said moscaid you please throw a shout out up for creating reality great game guys