 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says Swiftress says jump up once to show me that you're here or not AFK while I stop the game Ooh that was a lot of delays alright Swiftress says when you hear me fire my gun You will jump once Well I have delays that's gonna get you killed For example jump once when I fire my gun See Swiftress says follow me Not the test maybe a devil mate Alright Yeah I did not say Swiftress Stupid we know you fell off on high rise multiple times during that one Alright so I know her effect to make your way down make your way down don't be I know for a fact all of you guys cannot fit on top of this Swiftress says make sure standing outside the sandbags Let's keep this as fair as possible The last we played on afghan we had all the players get up here and they all fit It was a little bit disappointing honestly We only had me like 10-12 players then this one we've got Already players 31 players 31 players So now anyone who doesn't make it up here won't die but they'll play a very challenging mini game involving all those Steerys we just went up I recommend getting up here Alright so we have to go back to the game involving all those steers we just went up I recommend getting up here Alright last person up there does go Get him Get him boss You know I love having dart in the game so you just sacrifice themselves right in time Every time Swiftress says there won't aim at darting Dart any last words Unload Stupid I did not say Swiftress stupidly Stupidly Stupid Alright this is what I want to show said just as unload I don't know I Fuck That's such a classic one Where did the right you Alright Swiftress does make a way up there Wait a minute what just happened to the game Alright Oh no Happening No No The truth is just giving up all right he's like that Oh never mind someone just to Alright five seconds I'm going to ask in a freeze Five Four Three Two One, Swiftress says freeze I hope he catches you To the situation come on over You should have stopped jumping sir To the situation please stand over here man So I heard me Alright man you know sometimes I get all dad And I'm like what does freeze me And then you know I make you answer me I'm like this just put this kill Thank you That's good Stop Alright Alright great Swiftress says if you're not on the top of the The rocket launch or Swiftress does make a launch or Swiftress does make a launch or the shoulder over here I'll explain your main again Thanks thank you You love means I'm not being mean I'm doing the host thing That's what I'm not I set roles you break the roles you die So I'm doing the thing I'm doing the thing you guys are here for Swiftress says lap shoulder shoulder Fear best Is it bad that you're cutting out a lot for me There's not much I can do about that I can I can risk my discord volume for you guys The drone away we're just took it out I'm gonna do a small thing that might improve my quality for you guys As far as I wasn't sitting You guys hearing me is really important So I can do I can change my I'm pretty sure it's their network Because you coming in It's their problem I'm not wanting to do that Oh no There is a very pretty high I do this out on the country side But I do also the next turn Alright cool So everyone up here is safe from this mini game Congratulations you guys Down here I don't want many of you guys to die This is a lot of players My goal is for maybe Three or four people to die in a funny entertaining way Swiftress says Look to your left So just a powerful that person on your left You're single file line So just grab follow me I think you do I think you want to kill me Oh I feel like you want to kill me Oh They did So just stay on the handrail I like the shadow I like the shadow If they all do it easily If they all do it carefully it's pretty easy Swiftress says freeze I want to examine where you guys going on here I want to move I'll say I'm just gonna jump off and die Just a little man we just want to go up the left Are you guys like testing? What? Remember when I said freeze and then someone didn't freeze And I killed them Remember when I said freeze us now you used And then I killed you No no no no who's giving Oh no Oh no Oh wait I was just messing with a little bit I was messing with them I was messing with them Oh He literally took F-light literally That's gone on YouTube I don't know man Big time Let's try to get him Start your strategy Get him from down there Swiftress says the rest of you guys Please make your way on the handrail Always waited out So just a zero You volunteer to join these guys It's very brave They're by these things very dangerous But I applaud you So just a zero please follow me Oh my god bro You're just standing still What if I actually only press the trigger on you right now Oh you probably get back You will both die So tempting but I will not Great Swiftress says everyone on the handrail Look at me I can't even see you Do your best Swiftress says jump once Swiftress says look at the person behind you If anyone's there Kill them Stop him Why? Why did you kill me Hey how was coming It's part of the network game Oh jump on I'll never kill you I'll honesty I'm the only one I'll only do what I say when I say Swiftress says I'm so sorry Swiftress says look at me My triggers do happy Alright When I fly on my gun jump twice Oh no I just did it I just did it I was such a leave yet I just did it The crazy thing We're off to a good start I'm just sure the tote is up to a fantastic start in this game Alright Swiftress says hang on one second I didn't verify something over here That's too much Oh I don't like the sound of that Okay good good Listen very carefully To the east When you finish going up and down these stairs There's another rocket launcher So there's as many players on the other rocket launcher One, two, three. There's no, there's eight. There's nine. There's nine. There's five more. All right. Great. Thank you for that. This is very complicated. So what it's going to work is, when I say the name of any character from Hello Kitty, you will run and get a top that rocket launcher. Anyone who doesn't find top that rocket launcher will face off in a brief raw melee match, where only one will survive. Listen carefully. Puppy chew. Charmander. Hello Kitty. What's your dissonance for this? Oh my. So many of them. I do not say that. I say this. Hey! Oh my god. I just see you. Oh my god. No. No. No. No. Oh my god. Any character can look. Look. The person is huge. You don't know. You don't know how you should do. All right. I'm not. You know, Cp mag jumped off prematurely. I wasn't going to kill all of you guys. When two people mess up, I don't remember. Well, that's boring. So it just says all of you guys get together on this ledge over here. That's what it says. Layers on the rocket launcher may step on this wall if they want to watch. You guys can stay there too. It's up to you guys. So it says you can join if you'd like on the rocket launcher. That's fine. Cool. All right. Swiftress says there are two rules you all will follow. Swiftress says rule number one for you five. No gunfire or lethal is allowed. Only melee. Rule number two. If you fall off in any way before I let you off, you die. That means let's say if you stab someone but you fall off on this side, you touch the floor, you die. You fall off on that side. Surprise. You're dead anyway. Great. Pretty sick go. Hey, guys didn't do it. Good job. Good job. Swiftress says you five kill each other. Oh. Oh. Oh, you're bleeding. What the hell is this? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I didn't even have a chance. You say, oh. I got it. That's a stupid guy that comes in my way. Who was shooting? Yeah, I don't want shooting. I thought that was Swiftress revolver, but I guess I'll tell somebody else. And they mess, thankfully. I see. Okay. I see his name, but it was very sweet. Swiftress says everyone, please carefully follow me. That's pretty good. That's pretty good. I guess it could be that he stopped shooting the moment I was the last one. I don't want to stop. I think he realized he wasn't supposed to fire his gun. Well, my knife found him. Oh, yeah, I got it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. This is like, yeah, this episode has been like a gold mine so far for like YouTube shorts. I haven't seen it. You're welcome. He's about to be. You're just about to have his entry gun real quick. Oh, you know, he hasn't chupin' off. He's got like no kills. Oh, it's going to have it. I'm good. I've got him scared. No, no, no, no. We messed up. It means. Yeah. I did it for the blind man. Boy, Juggernaut. We're back here. We're back here. Poppy, Poppy, Poppy. Swiftress says, please wait. Once you arrive here. Wait, thank you. I'm gonna test him out really quick. Oh, he has perfect minds. Oh, he has perfect minds. Well, it's not really land minds in this version. It's just your usual out of bounds. Yeah. If you're out for three seconds, you'd die. I may see that I have folks do a quick lap. Oh, yeah, you're going to die, geez. Anyway, I'm going to ask you to do it anyway. So. Okay. Well, all right. I need someone to test this out for me. This one. Swiftress says, take out your second there. I need someone with a, with a, yeah, there we go. Look at that. There's somebody who died earlier to test it out. Is that where they could die? Yeah, I'm not, I'm not volunteering for this. I'm good. Well, you know, when I say bonfire, I mean, I'm going to pick, yeah. All right. So, Swiftress says, jump in over. I think jumps get out here. All right. So it was a zero banana and evil Jimmy. So this is all three of you guys come over here. You guys are very eager. You know, a proper test. You do some one at a time. You record the results and you evaluate. An improper test is what we're about to do. All three of you guys going to run around this barbed wire and come out on this side. Swiftress says the last person to it is also going to die. If you survive. Swiftress says you three go. Oh, he's kind of overconfident. Wow. Right in front of you. He's right here. No. You went a bit too far. You know what? You guys all that that's successfully. I'm not going to kill the last person to go. Instead, I'm going to ask you guys to do it one more time for me. Swiftress says follow me. I'll show you guys. Yeah, I did it once. You did a great job. One good turn deserves another. You know, the logic says that you reward you for doing correctly and let you live. But yeah. Swiftress says this time you'll be doing the exact same thing. Except while running backwards. Swiftress says turn around, please. Oh no. You're dead. You're dead. You're dead too. Swiftress says if you see these guys turn around and look forward while they're back here, you can kill them. Remember, do backwards. So we're just going to look at the area over here first you can. This is the value of what your strategy is going to be. Great. There you go. It's one barbed wire and then you probably back your way out of there. You got it? There you go. Probably great. So we're just going to be in by turning around. You know, I'm going to go and get the good. Go and hard back there. Huh? Yeah. We need the. We need the ghosts to. I'm they're made to the good. The good. The good. The good. You are. Oh Jesus. Not too. Swiftress says you three begin when I fire my gun. And I. Oh my God. Oh, wow. That's. Van. Van. Van. Van. You know what? I'm not trying to kill those guys. Good job. I actually I actually need to report a reward you guys. What does you three come on over? You three. I'm just kidding. Who just says each of you guys pick one person that will do the exact same challenge you just did. Oh, Oh, Doctor. Oh, you got. Oh, you. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, I just didn't work. Got him when he wasn't looking. Oh, That was very man. It now is dirty man. That he dancing and it rejoined the game. That sort of says band to rejoin the game. Doctor says you three please select we're going to continue. So just I'll play the rest of the game that long dead. It's fine. Should be banded. It's like that's weird. Pretty dead now. Not for now. We're lagging. It was a little bit but I saw that annoying. Okay. All right. Sorry about that. Weird. I don't know why I did that. All right. So it is each of you guys police like one person to come back up to say their name and when they call your name go up there, please. I do. Super enough. There we go. It is. I did. I didn't. What does that. That's bullshit. Evil zero. You're picking man. Oh. All right. There we go. I'm funk and super knocks. Come on down guys. You'll be completely exact same challenge. That's what I respect. The client is challenged. I mean this is like a job for fuck. Hey, you got this. Oh, bro. I'm dead. I say all right. There you go. All right. All right. Hang on. So it says you guys should get the benefit of doing it. You know, looking forward first. So it says you three look forward. You do one test run with no without being backwards. Okay. So it says you three go. Should be easy. Go ahead. Yeah. Great. Yeah. I got it. Let the timer restart. So it says go back. I have been doing a backwards. You got this fun. The fuck I know says the guy. I'm sorry. All right. You three backwards. Please let's get ready. You guys. Oh, no. I see him. All right. Swift says. Oh, fuck. I'm dead. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. I see him. All right. Swift says. All right. Swift says. I see him. All right. Swift says. Go. Oh, fuck. I'm dead. Oh, fuck. I'm dead. That's what I wanted. One second. One second. You did it. You did it. Oh. Okay. All right hang on sort of says bandit please make a way to where those guys were You know that bro you're not winning a sell-out again All right bandit that was a mistake right what happened then Oh Are you drunk man you're heading over what's going on? No, he's sick he's sick I'm sick of you I'm sick of you All right bandit Backwards popping all that's nonsense man. I'm not gonna make you do any of that Holy god, dude Is such any broken white pole out here and then come back All from that spot all right That's it. Let's go touch the pole and then come back indoors do start there you touch the white pole the closest one And you come out I think you'll survive this one Swiftus says go Whoo Yeah, all right. Let's continue the game easy. All right, Swiftus says we're on back on top of the plane I formally apologize for Oh, don't worry about it man If I was actually upset I'd do something very different Don't worry Oh, you are very dead I know I'm dead I volunteered You like dead of the day For those who want to join our games I see a lot of questions I appreciate it. Um, the join our games all you gotta do is join our discord We do like basically a raffle every day and if you win the raffle you're in Uh, you don't have to pay or whatever There are plenty of people who get into the games without subscribing or paying or whatever, but yes If you help me pay my bills Your odds are increased All right, but yeah jump into the search for Swift or discord or check any description of my videos You'll find the only pretty easy to find Discord.gg So that's Swiftdoor 19 tickets to get in the go Swiftus says lap shoulder shoulder facing the direction you were when you started the game Yeah, you guys are good you guys can't see my ghost, but I can see you I'm sorry Swiftus says please make sure you're a tight knit line shoulder to shoulder Feel free to look to your left and right and see if there's anything you can do to make this line a better one Yeah, you too What's going on Cool Swiftus says in front of you is a burning turbine for this plane Your job will be to get onto this turbine and if you fall off layers will be able to shoot you ready set go Oh Okay, yeah Lex Mike you guys should be getting the next place that bothers me. All right. Anyway, ready set go Pretty good. Okay, so that's actually too brutal of a mini game for this one of the game to be very honest It's that turbine will not even hold a third of you. It's uh I think it's very precarious But here this will offer you a challenge Swiftus says listen carefully if you can get on that turbine and not fall off You'll be safe from the division mini game Okay If you do fall off players will shoot you Cool beings Swiftus says begin Kill him uh-oh So we got down there. Oh, which turbine you talking about wait. What was that what what there's two turbines? Which one you talking about oh You're okay, right you're right you're right out of your mind. You know what you know what you're right There's there's two turbines are legal go ahead. Oh, okay, cuz I was like Hey, just go in those two by y'all oh There is a third, but that's not on that side of the way Yeah, you can't do anything about that. That's pretty good All right, Swiftus says take out your weapons and face the people on the opposing turbine Dammit man Turbines a game changer for me. I don't realize that All right, let's see here Slush What you will want to do Can I say something about being safe that's all out the window now don't care about that stuff you guys need to kill each other blasting away Listen carefully You don't you're not just gonna kill one person across from you gonna kill everyone across me the more people you kill across from you The more people on your turbine will live All right You can go into prone if you want you can jump whatever Swiftus says you can get into position is always in the turbine I'm dead to say good lord all right now. Let's me one of those games where I say a word for a category And if it's a correct one you you kill each other sort of says chat give me a category, please Why would you so do the accidents again? Oh, now let's look for something fresh man. Let's look for some of the fresh Bunch body character Who got a shotgun this fire R's me kill them all I'm dead shotgun Dead shotgun. I'm looking at you funk my boy I don't know why you guys have a lot of these are a lot of getting happening today. I'll show you. Oh Is it really shotgun silver versus funk? No, no, no, it's not the same team. Oh, they're both they're both on the same side of the same turbine As that I don't want her not to let me lose a legal uh Yes, any any any any primary or secondary no no leevals or till streaks or whatever All right, you guys give me a lot of stuff You look I can't use my scatter mine Okay Wish I had a LMG that will be nice right now. All right cool. All right, Swiftress out there to go So if we're gonna go with apple products So it was the second I say any real Actually should we be real products or fake products Yes, okay, I got no I got Swiftress is the second I give you guys any fake apple products second I give you a fake apple product kill the other team I Puppa list for this one I'm dead yeah, I've got a lot of products Yeah, they do you know I'm gonna blow some ancient ones you know I'm gonna trick you Here I'm gonna go to wiki picky a wiki pd a page of the timeline of apple products here we go All right, so Swiftress says the game has begun I phone I pat I went page for rose. Hey, oh I got it. That's not apple I Airport No Yeah, it is No, he's talking about the he's talking about the little box. I know That's a real thing. That's a real thing. It's not called an air It is It's a real thing It's a real thing It's a real thing It's an express space It's a real thing It's a real thing Oh Can we be joining shoot them You know what Says everyone that's on this voice chat rejoin the game. Oh You One final chance Swiftress is everyone rejoin and join on top of the plane Good It's like a router it's like a router. It's like a it's like an apple router Really We got to go like a planes land and take off. Yes I thought I thought you were trying to order air or a air drop or something I Yeah, I heard airport to I thought it wasn't a real thing Is airport I knew I knew this was going to go like this I knew one take 386 Number Now we can What why'd you say my name like that what the fuck did I do? Stupid where's your wonderful If I was really dirty, I would do Apple car would just something they were working on I don't know if they're still doing or not Supposedly cancel that idea. Yeah, that's all rumors. I don't think they continued I'm aware a bunch of people All right, is there anyone that's on the game yet Clap That's a cool skin that monster skin But I'm sure it's all tense All right, oh you have 10 seconds to get to the plane 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 All right That last mini game, you know, I didn't think of that what would happen if something went wrong So we're giving everyone a chance to got a you know to win this game even if you died immediately You know even if you screwed up and killed people everyone's got chance I didn't screw up whenever I died I imagine YouTube's gonna have a lot of clips and shorts actually did screw up All right, the only word actually that guy would have a chance who did that All right, I mean to do that He did oh he didn't mean it I forget I was just kidding. So just kill Oh Did he say switch or say shoot yeah, he did he did yeah All right now switch or says you're the rules So it says you must be on the plane at all times. So spread out. Oh no So if there says if anyone falls off the plane in any way you can shoot them and kill them Okay, I'm a teammate. No, it says if he falls on the plane kill them Okay, he made man over he made you're not gonna kill me right This is immediately on the wall All right, great. I don't trust you. We've been on the party forever. Kill me your scumbag. Okay, so okay I get it too. Okay, I got it. Wow. Listen man. It was the rule. I mean you fell off All right, we're gonna play a different game here. There's gonna be there's some rules of this one's a little bit more complex and usual for a finale game So step one will be you guys running around and and moving Then I'm gonna tell you to freeze And then I'm gonna tell you the melee the closest person next to you. Oh, I like that. Oh shit. Oh, and we can be teammates And the player is gonna be the next to the kill as a body is possible All right, so it just says move around but stand the plane obviously any moment if someone falls off the plane You shoot them so shoot with it off the plane How's this gonna be? Are you standing next to the killer type of thing? Oh a little tricky. Oh, yeah It's gonna be a little ghost face run. All right, Swiftress says freeze Who's with just as look at the person that's absolutely closest to you Please I'm mercy Look all you gotta do is kill them first. All you gotta do is kill them first to a mr. T Oh From what I see right now it does not look good for Sully here's what's gonna happen I'm gonna tell you kill them and then I'm gonna say stop One more time I'm gonna say kill them then I'm gonna say stop But just as when I say stop you're not allowed to kill anyone What oh my god Swiftress says play say stop you are not a lot to hurt anybody that's that's why because I don't want to look Sprinting halfway across the plane to kill somebody you know what I mean All right ask away melee or just any weapon melee Gatja All right, Swiftress says get ready remember the kill me. You have remember there are two phases There's the kill phase in the stop phase Once I say stop you do not kill anybody if you kill somebody after they stop you will be killed Great Swiftress says get ready Swiftress says crouch Just I Contest kill the immersive Oh because he killed me unexpectedly. Wait, it is? Yeah, two people, two other people killed other people. I'm being killed, no, but... Mr. T and Sully, you're so inviting. Mr. T and Sully killed other people. What happened to... ...skeleton, killed those guys. Thank you. Wait, no! Oh my god! Oh my god! I killed Sully! You didn't say Sully's killed him. No, I killed him. He was talking about the two people, but he missed the con. He was talking about the two people, but he missed the con. You missed the context of the situation, this is the mess. You missed the context of the situation. Welcome to the scuffed us, which is says games wherever. We're supposed to kill that! Who was that scaled? Who was that scaled? Oh my god, I couldn't hear. I was talking. Sorry, buddy. He was talking about the show. He was talking about the show. He was talking about the show. He was talking about the show. The rules, Banner broke the rules. I have to flip evidence. Banner was closest to me. Are you tripping? I tried to kill him. I said Banner, not Banner. I'm trying to kill Banner. Wait. He was trying to kill me. From the person that they were closest to. They ran to me when they were closer to the new moon. Let's move on. We're going to move around. Go. Close the somebody. We're going to move around. Close the somebody. Go. Swift as freeze. Oh. Oh, shit. I'm good. I got you, Nathan. I love it. Surprise. There has been a change in the rules. Oh, oh. Oh. Everybody. Everybody. Everybody. So it says aim your gun at the player for this from you. Fire. Fire. No. I didn't do it. I didn't do it. It was so bad. Swift says if they kill somebody, kill them. Oh. This is a free app for players. We have butter toast and we have evil chimmy. Yes. I didn't say Swift says if you're confused. No, we're having fun. Not a failure. Swift says please meet by Laura Croft's body. I'm so glad I used my boost for this. I don't see the body of Laura Croft. No more. I can't. Where are you guys? I'm going to play. Great. This is the final game. One of you guys can win this match. I believe in you butter. Now all this body will chimmy. I believe in you. Swift says walk up to each other. I'm going to be a quick response game. All game I've been trying to trick people with, you know, kill them or stop them or or mail it now. Swift says that's what I'm trying to do. What I'm trying to do is to make you stand. Swift says jump. Ratch. Come on, Jimmy. Stop! Swift says crap. Failed. Crap. Crap. What did you think I said? These guys are good. Jabb. Swift says silence from the audience please. Thank you. Obviously a sense of part of the game. Swift says. What I name an ingredient in water. Kill the other player. Swift says no talking allowed. Swift says when I name an ingredient in water. That'd be the other player. Mayonnaise. Taco Bell. Oxymoron. Rockside. Period tablevelmins. Hic. Hic. Hic. Hic. Hic. Hic. Hic. Hic. Here's an ingredient in water. Kale. Kale. That's for you. That's for you. Kale. Uuh. bewusst. Kale.ink. I got here too. Swift says shulac! Uuh! Yeah! That's all legal. Those robbing legal. I wear that. I thought it was legal. I'm sure the contest is going to be a little bit more. I don't forget but it tells us get the shot out. That's right but it's us. You want to share anything with the audience? Just a shout out to my good friend of my Emmett. He should be watching the stream right now in a girl that I really like, Mariana. So that's just a stupor. That's right. Mariana's not watching, is she? Yeah. She's not but she would be here soon. So I'll show her the video. Does she know? She's the man of the Tino. Go to for you. She knows that she knows that you're playing a proposed with her right now and make it on your knee. I'm kidding. The joke. Mariana the chill. This is messing around. Messing around. He's not doing that. Messing. He's the joke. I was about to play the wedding theme. No. All right. Mariana. Mariana. What up, Emmett? Your boys made you proud. Your boys made you proud. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana. Mariana.