 What's up everyone welcome the Swiftress says where all of you guys will slowly or quickly die off as we find our our top player Or maybe nobody. I don't know. Sometimes there wouldn't dies great Swiftress says if you believe in your heart that you can win this game crouch now So just as a crouch if you believe in your heart that you can win this game So just as all of you guys who crouched come over here, please Yep Yep, yep You think they're in trouble and no no it's speech time guys Where is your confidence in yourself any of you guys could win it's just a no no no no you didn't know get back over there She's got to get back over there. You're actually someone who can't actually win the game I don't know who you are, but you're your chance or zero everyone else though has a chance you guys got a believe in yourselves All right with that said everyone pick one car and then get on top of it go ahead Well, Swiftress says everyone on top of the green bus over here I feel like this was like a you know more skill-based game like you know sniper battle or whatever Like I get it if you don't believe you can do it. You know you some people know whether they're good at games or not right but this one There's a lot of luck Let's show an example of luck So it says look at any one other person on this bus Which is says freeze that's it don't pick anyone else pick one person now stop them For example, what you did that All right, so it was dark lord landing and crabby pigman come on down see that's an example of luck The people the people you killed were unlucky sometimes you don't know now you guys over here in Fortshire were masters of your own domain So it says unload on these three That's me stop. It's what's up stop. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. She's Louise. How do people the group of three people? I'm just one dude on the car. All right great the three people who died there So it says you guys come back in just three the victims come back in this one. This is once there's no more the rest of the game will be very Very cutthroat, but don't worry if you were murdered just now for messing up don't sweat number one Congratulations, you're the first people to die this game. Everyone remembers those people and step two no And number two there will be a game after this few wish to participate. I saw how to see game using points should be fun Great swifter says First person to crouch in the bus dies Great job last person to crouch dies. Oh We got one I Didn't see it. All right. He's lucky. He's lucky guys. No listen There may be times where I ask to write somebody out or ask them just give themselves up unless I do that if they get away with it They get away with it. Don't write them out. It's what says everyone follow me I wouldn't say no snitching, but the swifter has to say snitch, you know Sometimes I really want to know who did it Great swifter says everyone backs in this wall over here Mom look under the thing Ha ha ha Come on That's okay, you know mom mom comes first always Unless she has a drinking problem in which case get her help all right swifter says Make sure your feet are on the ground find a spot Beautiful Great swifter says when the person on your right jumps you will jump so it says look at me though If you use your ears your peripheral vision to figure it out hang on so does Laura is Your back to a wall Is that a wall Can we fix that yes, okay, so it says let's fix it Are you fucking kidding me on my swifter says just listen listen bro. Don't worry man We're gonna play a little game here It's called find a wall to put your back to over your in five seconds or you die swifter says go five You know what hang on so just a stop you know I think we were being really mean I thought they would come together to help you they did not I tried I You never move All right, so it says what's your name? Your gnarah Matt's it was Matt call me man Was Matt choose any part of this wall to put your back against imagine the different ways I'm gonna murder you so consider that when you do it You got it great swifter says everyone in this line Toss your lethals against the other wall All right, where were we yes when the person to the right of you jumps you will jump So it says you have to keep your eyes. I mean while this is happening so use a peripheral vision Listen, you know use all the skills you've got but if I see look at the person next to you. I may kill you So it says what's your name? Well hockey all right, you'll be the first person jump when I give you the word great I have a view of everyone now so it says wait a second So what's your name? Donna I can be your back's not too odd. It's like this entire firing squad thing to that Okay, no worries, what does that is you we're back to this car. We're There you okay, let's get this going Great Swifter says in the person on your right jumps you will jump once Swifter says hockey jump You There's this freeze What's your name Rocky mohawk man, but it was mohawk man. You're not gonna die But you jumped out of order Let's do a little test. So it just says what's your name? Bruce Bruce and your name Steeze alright, so it says mohawk look at me So it says Bruce jump There's a steese jump Which sound nothing we're not you no, no, I'm just I'm doing old tests. So which person sound like they were closer. Oh, Hawk They sound the same Yes, that's right, okay, okay Okay Stargame right I can't expect everyone to know like the subtleties of of You know how far away the person's when they jump alright, we're gonna continue where mohawk man was the mohawk man jump once So it says mohawk jump next So Stop So it says come with me It says continue All right, what's your name dude Star Darth alright Darth I feel like I shouldn't be killing people for this. It's too it's too hard to do so it says you just take a spot over there Says bullet gap wall Very nice, all right great so What I will kill you for is if you don't find a spot in the wall now that's been filled up. Yeah, 10 seconds go You're breaking up a bit Mike's cutting out that's okay. We're dying your favor. It's trying to kill you by making a mistake there no problem, man All right, so what does this here is your gold man? If they get back in the line somehow I recommend jumping off a car into the group and I think you'll like shove someone else out So just give it a shot am I here? I think so are you here? Oh All right, let's test see we got a communication thing going on so if it says I'm firing my bullet in three seconds Move out of the way three two one Nope audio is not working properly that is unfortunate all right Okay All right So if it says look to your right We'll figure out with that audio issue is coming from don't like that all right, which is as once again When the person in front of you crouches you'll crouch So if there says hockey crouch Speed it up, bro Great And the person in front of you stands you will stand. There's this hockey stand So it says freeze So does this why didn't she stand up Because you didn't say so after so stand up damn straight. I didn't so just as all the guys who stood up except for hockey come with me So this is all of you guys on this on this van let's go Listen man, that's like the the power of group think you know you think other people are doing it so must be okay Right I hear you. I hope you hear this you guys kill each other I didn't do it. That's pretty good. So it says you guys kill each other And yeah The shotguns always on top though Well, you know someone's gonna make them mail each other. I don't know it's a risk right? You don't know I didn't really have a plan All right, so it just a sneeze please resume to return to the line All right, I've had enough of this dumb wall light stuff switchers as follow me It's time to go back to the office grinds says I'm inside yes, so it says everyone get to your desks It's your first day at work your pay is absolutely nothing You're being paid and work experience Yeah, I can't sit up if you're standing on a desk that you're gonna get fired pushing me from my desk all right Great great all right, that's my desk bro. No, it's not your desk. So if you says put one hole in your desk Great job So does this number two punch your desk once So does this wait the answer mr. Dona Angie's for just us come over here All right now let me ask you guys where the people they punch desks no Great Where were we? Switches this punch your desk again There we go. It doesn't have to be deadly good job. All right, it's break time Unfortunately, I'm legally mandy to give you guys like a two-second break every day or something so So if there's one go get a drink of water at the water cooler. That's your lodge by the way Yeah, they're overrated All right Now go back to your exact desk where you die go. Oh, there's this freeze Rest of these sg all right, so it does return to your desk I Was starting to actually had a chance to win in this one. Okay, man to keep on trying dude. We see people who shouldn't win win all the time So just as we slacken off while you're looking at me Look at that I was waiting for your coffee order I'm good. Let's see here All right next up So just as actually look this way there's a shredder over here It turns out the government found out I was being not completely honest with our tax, you know returns Apparently we're on the way now to have a chat with me sort of says everyone Try all the documents now go running out of time It's what does this tax evasion. Let's go Try it Thank you, thank you for the five sound effects. There we go somebody's one of some So does this freeze Yeah, I don't know I do not recommend Lying about your tax returns earn your left to say a few bucks. All right, great Oh, sounds like the year Everyone go into proud and hide Do it now Great, so it says follow me we're leaving here closing time Works out today boys Swift says everyone in this corner over here time for our favorite mini game Everyone's gonna die from the proximity mine All right, so I didn't play this game before oh don't worry man Let me fun so here are the rules of the game If you can make it up here you'll be safe for the next dangerous mini game What's gonna stop you That Swift says begin No, that's good make your way up there five seconds five four three two one Swift says freeze Am I got damn it All right, so what does it say you three follow me Swift says please wait right here. Oh you Sir unfortunately you jumped after I said the stop, but you know I get audio daily. Oh This guy who's this guy describe them to me So just a describe them He has a hat headphones a mustache He has boots That's great description Little problem Swift says get back on there Get enough you three kill each other You guys are pretty good excellent listeners. I guess you're just waiting for me to say stab each other go Swift says you three go inside the office So it just says congratulations you three inside there have been promoted to managers So it just says your first roles managers is to fire two other workers, which is go Congratulations So it says I mean please rejoin us. I don't know why the delay in that was All right, Swift just says everyone please follow me You know great responsibility comes great murder apparently All right, Swift says lappular shoulder play another dangerous game of touch and go All right, love and players left great. Let me test this out for myself first All right, I'll let the second for myself this is doable Hmm a lot of people are gonna die. Maybe it's not a good game That's easy With the reset Try fine tune the difficulty on this one guys. I want some of you guys to die but not everybody Perfect perfect, okay great. So it just says look to your southeast you see the green building is a little divider over there Which from the two entryways your job will be to touch that one But we gotta keep it fair you obviously have an advantage you had disadvantage Swift just says everyone please make your way on top of this vehicle over here No, everyone's gonna make it don't worry listen Here is how the game's gonna work Well, you gotta do is touch it and run back on the vehicle if I catch the last person to do it They die. I don't catch it then they live no big deal Ready set go Swift or says go Touch it touch it My mom was last I think Guys, what is that? I went I went through this earlier in the game look I find it I caught you Unfortunately, why would you give yourself up? I wasn't I wasn't even looking at you. I was looking at the guy poor Jay who died over there, man No problem Here is the way this game's gonna work you have to do that again by yourself But you do have the guy on top of the car these guys gonna try and block you from getting on top the car If Cass this cast right yeah, if Cass gets on top of the car, I'm killing the person closest to her Got it. So there's your incentive for keeping her off All right, so just cast go for it No, no, no, no, you hang on and you gotta get it. You gotta do the thing That's right. Yep, so just go for it. There you go You touched it and now if you get on top of there, I'll kill a person closest to you get the block you though Sort of says Reese. Well, that was really easy. Yeah, that was not very hard huh Well, she closest person is Let's do the math here triangulate It's you who says what's your name? And we'll happen men didn't have the heart to block Cass Well, I was standing here. I tried to come back over here and I know it's a really long distance She ran around the car fast as you can move one step Well, I moved over and then she got up. What else can I do? No problem This was maybe too easy for castles, which is as Henry come with me man. I'm gonna give you an opportunity to live Henry all you have to do Survive for 30 seconds These guys can only mail you a little if you just run in the opposite direction. I think you'll live Yeah, I'm gonna get when I give you the word so you run These guys will chase after you if they want and if the melee and they have to mail you there's no guns no whatever So the only way you can really screw yourself over is you go to a dead end or something right yeah, I would understand Anywhere on the map is is free game, you know behind the truck you'd run down the highway run down that way You'd hide just 30 seconds Ready set go No one's fallen for these today, huh, so it just has go Oh You're dead man Evil Jimmy you just really want to murder that bad I was expecting to live I have the dog you thought that still wasn't me Bro, all right well there you go Should have put his gun away. I don't you know, I don't there's no rules about what weapons should come into the game with The only rules you can't have an RPG that you use speaking of which still a little inspection here All right guy with the RPG died perfect Swift or says we're gonna do a very difficult game. So does this make two single file lines as As equal as possible That looks so easy to go to the other side why did you change? Great don't worry the number of players has very minimal very minimal impact all right So it says first person crouch helps their team All right, this team did all right great. All right, so it says you guys stand up here are the rules So it says you guys will only do stuff when I say switcher says You guys switcher says you'll only do stuff when I say Simon says that's it until further notice Those rules will be abolished once I say switcher says pickle land all right, that's gonna be our safe word to reset the impact on move up for now You guys switcher says you guys Simon says got it if you mess up you die all right, so if it says jump Simon says jump You guys get the rules perfect all right Simon says crouch So it says stand Simon says stand up So it says take one step forward Simon says Amy guns the players in front of you So it says aim back Obsessed kill everybody so if there says jump Oh I know that's why the person crouch first made it easier for their team all right Okay That's three V5 that's really unfair all right, okay, so it says reset everyone follow me Who does this Reese YouTube did not follow my since what you says Yep those three guys follow me you guys didn't right there we go sort of says pickle land the game is reset congratulations So it says all six of you follow me This man people ask for the all the time it's it's a hard thing I don't do that stuff often because it it's hard for me to keep track myself All right cool so guys So let's get behind the desk over you're gonna vote on the next mini game As per the usual I've got my good old kill streaks ready I've got a century turret and I've got a Wilson That was really good all right listen Here's how to work it's so easy proud if you want the wheels in mini game going to prone if you want the Centric in mini game go ahead Swiftress says vote Guys prone, Pone, Pone now Pone. Yeah Pone was the century guy right? Yeah, century gun. Yeah, okay, so just as all of you guys Brutal Guys come on out here So just wait outside in this mini game The person with the mom in the background eat your microphone. Thank you Sounds like a wonderful lady makes great cookies You did great. Oh you guys got to do you already went point give you the word. It's gonna run through this office Make it out to the other side easy. So this is backup. Don't worry guys. I gotta Gotta make this place nice for you guys There will be a mini gun waiting a century gun waiting for you guys where it'll be waiting for you You don't know unless you're watching the stream I guess You Swiftress says go One made it Nope No Yeah, three run on YouTube think you're special Kill hockey Yeah All right, good job Unfortunately not enough of you guys died we're doing this again Hmm So just as I exit the office please I need to make a surprise and put it somewhere more clever All right great. So just as close the door Nope Swiftress says go First area Oh Is it how far away is it Yes All right good enough that's enough saidry gun you guys guys did a good job. Yeah, did a good job Or you cheated I don't know maybe look this your I don't know anyway, there was no saidry gun inside so they could figure it out All right, I've got some good news everybody. We still have the wheels in the play a game with All right, so this one's gonna be called ride or die So it says please get on top of the wheel sin All right, here's how the game works if you're not riding on the wheel sin you will die other players can shoot you Swiftress says hang on Hang on to your forces I'm coming right for me. Don't worry And but there they go we got two left on here Hockey be Syrian Interest Like he really is Seren has another one of the belt good job. Good job Did you did you know I was gonna do this Syrian or how did you were you just able to react fast enough? Oh I just I was like why is he going though, you know, and I just reacted I know you man. I know you fix I'm too good for this game All right sounds like it just gave yourself a shout to yourself good job. All right No, but if you have a shout out go for a Syrian Good Germany there we go all right. Here you guys