 What's up everyone welcome to Swiftress says Swiftress says go into prone We So it says remain standing up if you want to die So it says aim at the rat skin that's standing up I'm so sorry Swiftere What are you sorry I had I had to deal with my dog real quick and I stopped paying attention the game for like two minutes Does your dog need more time for you? We can help with that. No, I sure I sure yeah, I had to put her in her kennel because she was trying to fuck with my cat No, but oh my god Lee alright, oh Softer says look around my dude what did he what? So it's a space you come over here Since I mess up should I just stay out or should I rejoin so just as rising or off please rejoin the game? Bye If you choose to play the game with a pro controller or whatever that's that's on you right? Let's thirsty animal. All right great. Everyone let's time back up. Let's restart Which is says call me bro We're gonna play a little game Swiftress says everyone Remain in prone Nikki I'm looking at you in the face while saying that Thank you All right, softer says everyone in prone crawl up a good bit rope to like around over here Softer says what's your name sir? We're gonna play a little game What does that says dark come with me man Alright, so what does he guys can stop? Softer says you guys can move around where we'd like basically dark here's your challenge man These guys cannot get up but they can melee only you they can't melee anyone else and they can't melee their friends Your job will be to when I give you the word like get get to the mic without getting melee and Touch this fence once you touch this fence you're safe these guys will have to be the snakes that are trying to bite you If they kill a fellow teammate though they die there's actually zero reward for them killing you so they maybe they'll just won't do it We know they're gonna do it anyway because Yeah, cuz they're blood thirsty so you guys can't get up It's watch this alright, so it's dark touch that fence without getting bitten by the snakes That fake amount man you have mobility on your side these guys only go so fast We'll play people Alright alright, so it says freeze let's you know I still want to do this. Is there anyone who says I'm gonna offer Reward well get back down. All right, you know what so does this come on over you're doing it without any reward What's your name? No reward for you. I didn't Of course Laura Kroff wants to go through a pit of snakes. Why are you following me? So just get back down over they don't get the jump over them. All right, so it says Your reward is not getting murdered if you can touch that fence without getting killed so just begin Can we move you guys can crawl around sure Oh Well there goes that okay All right, cool all right now let's go over So far two people have failed to do this no one got very far even the first part so Here's the reward I'll offer don't do anything yet. I'll give you guys the instructions on how to opt in if you'd like If you're able to do this successfully You'll get the choose five 10 players total the plan of five E5 You can be part of the five E5 by I don't recommend it a lot of people will die there So basically it's gonna run your own little little tournament And you can define the rules within reason for that one so if there's says if you'd like to volunteer stand up and you can give it a shot Okay, so it just says everyone stand up and follow me no one opted in let's go Not gonna force you guys to do it the death sentence right So it says freeze Can't go up there. All right, I didn't work follow me Hi, what's your name? You saw nothing it's just you're just sort of says come with me man All right, so have you ever taken a karate class? Jotaro you do all right you ever see one of those like I'm so see the right where like they use their their hands like chop and then like break like a hundred bricks in one shot You can do the same thing so switch to says stay on this barrel over here And when I give you the word Let's see here actually last night with the same thing basically they're trying to kill you through these bricks. I think you'll be okay Swift says we're one else come over here Yeah, you guys will have to you guys can unload with whatever kind of ammo you've got as long as not an RPG through These bricks over here, sir Fair you can crouch you cannot use your ride shield Bro, I'm gonna can I fight look listen man The spirit of the game is that you are going to crouch and help with these bricks Protect you that's all that's happening. You know there's no RNG There's nothing you can do you live or you die. I think you're gonna live man. You think bullets gonna go through this thing You think so No, I think this guy in the corner there they can see me is gonna shoot me. Oh no if someone kills you without firing at these bricks they'll die Okay, you got bullets must go through this pile of bricks I'm gonna watch man. I'm gonna be your guardian angel from this angle if you guys shoot him directly you're dead Could you the fried boob boob? I'm scared of you Hey if you use the voice I'm not shooting you you know what I'm gonna help help you out Haven't gotten the barrel never mind. I'm not gonna help you out listen guys every bullet you fire must touch these bricks All right, this one will kill Joe Tarot though the snorkeken get to that buzzing sound yes is background Swiftress says unload Sort of says freeze I'm sorry that you're dead well not really but can you tell me what your your your kill feed looks like what was that was that Legal illegal That's a striking amount of detail the blitz case what does this come on over bro Your irresponsible use of your weapon has gotten you in trouble. It's your turn except this time you can't crouch It says over there great. So does everyone L a more of you want unload I say switch to says unload Nope, you did not know I don't think I did Dan Sturkey was dancer come on over man. It kind of was once at the VIP What's the VIP? No, you're your death is not gonna be that that that Fun at instant. It's not that guaranteed. Oh, there's a lot of holes here. So it says dancer come with me man All right, let's take a look at this house. What do we work on there? All right, so Syrian it's two rooms All right dancer you must stay in this room you can't go for this doorway Your job is just Yeah, you got yeah, you can look all you got to do is stay in this room You're gonna pick a spot and then after that there's a lot to kill you without leaving the room For that entering the room all right, so go ahead man I saw where you were maybe they did to but if you want to move around you let me know when you're ready You just open the door yes, I did why are you the guy the outdoor clothes bro go? No, they can't go inside Listen just pick a spot man Okay, okay, that's that's fine. That's fine. That's fine. That's that's fine. All right guys Listen up everybody You're allowed to go where everyone is long as you don't go inside or open the door So you can look around and see if there's any other openings Anyway, it's what it says you have 18 seconds to kill him starting now good luck 14 seconds So it says stop Why So it says Angie and Was the other one Alex yeah Alex Alex and Angie come on over So always a player's oven a it's beginning their name All right first Alex this you Yes, Alex what happened man I was shooting the door and child didn't walk into my bullets Shadow demon is that true? He was not firing And as soon as I whenever I started going in front of them whenever I go in front of him that's whenever he shot and murdered me So he wasn't shooting and then you walked and run him in any shot Yeah, well he was like We were shooting and then he stopped shooting the door and shoot I don't know man. I think it's a bad idea to walk in front of I think in general is a bad idea rock walking in front of someone with a gun man Sorry shadow. I'm gonna start with Alex on this one. There's the Alex, please. Yeah, go back to the group Sorry shadow, but don't walk in front of someone with a gun man, especially in a game like this right? Sorry, man, all right Angie now you're more complicated because number one you killed the answer good job But number two you killed creating reality reality. What's your point of view on this one? So I was at the window and I got shot once and so I turned around to see who shot me and I guess they were like shooting like first shooting like shooting and then stopping shooting stopping so I guess when I moved they shot me you believe the bullets all came from the same person Yes, I do Angie how do you feel about this? I Feel like the bullets coming from the same person is any correct because I shot inside shot Danister got a hit marker Relocated to try and shoot him again got the kill then creative walking from me Hmm, see it all right. I think we do some testing to see we can figure out where bullets are coming from Angie where does the bullet come from I don't know I don't think I don't think that story add it up all right, well as you killed dance we got bunch shootings anyway Swiftress says and won't follow me So no rejoining No, I believe in the game. So this is creating reality you can rejoin yes I just believe if you got the kill continuing your fire was unnecessary. That's my that's my primary data point there Christ, who says I'd recommend not say next to me great All right, once again, Swiftress says please go into front So just make sure in the floor. Thank you great You Let's see how we're gonna do this Oh, oh, no There we go Oh Let's see which one of you guys triggered that one is what are you black noir skins All right both you guys for just both of you guys go on top of the air conditioning unit I say boy The goal is not for anyone in prone to die from that one it was a different minute challenge It's okay. I'll come back in the game in a moment All right now I don't know which one of you guys move, but I'm very confident one of you guys No, it wasn't me. No, it was not me And I'll think it was heavy Eva I'm not sure Well, it doesn't really matter which one of this kill both of them go No I saw you don't you do it Kill the last one to crouch go The very disciplined lobby over here This is a cool shot though Swift key come back at your gate No, no, someone's got a diamond one of you guys have to die Not me. It's me or him Yeah, well, I'm in one I don't I don't I don't have the evidence so Swifter says only both of you guys It's got as knives if you guys want to switch your weapons. You can this is gonna involve you guys Killing each other when I give you guys a per-up proper keyword All right All right, I got to pull up a list of things so I don't be dumb about this hang on Got my infographic right here Great, Swift says only you two up there when I say the name Well fake kind of cloud You can kill the other player I don't know what's about cloud. Oh, or you know this is all like elementary school stuff for example I'm not sure no here. I'm gonna give you guys a few examples of actual clouds Stratus Serious Those are both real clouds cumulus Also cloud now we're gonna start going out a mix now if you if you believe I have said a cloud that is not real Shoot the other person and if you're right you live and if you're wrong you die Nimbus stratus alto cumulus alto stratus zero stratus binoculars monoculus binoculars Well binoculars come on bro Well the two The two before that were also fake I just I have to keep on going in total so if you're that's fake Wait No That's all right I know I actually believe shot I don't I don't I feel like dying men don't tell lies so now you know shotgun I'm not we're gonna give shaggy a chance to die here shaggy War man shaggy shaggy don't worry man shaggy I believe you can do this man all you have to do Is touch the street street or this shoot you they can only shoot you when you wait stop do a bro Bro, let me see the rules listen. They can't shoot you while your feet are on the air conditioner The second you're feeding the air conditioner They can't shoot you once you're on the street or the ground level you're safe So think about it look around you figure out how you can most safely leave this rooftop without getting shot Right think about it. Let me know when you have a of a plan that has some chance of survival You feel good? I got a plan. All right, so it just says go Well, probably Okay, okay, I believe jumping was your first mistake man out of this ran off Uh, all right, you're he was ready Okay, hang on I'm gonna come back into the game now All right, I'm back All right, good job. All right, let's see everyone stand up and get on this wall over here All right, let me get on the wall first. This is what it says wait There we go cool look at me. I'm on this wall Swifter says join me on this wall I knelt it this time there's plenty of wall over there Plenty of wall everyone on the wall No you guys got this look at that plenty of plenty of space Oh Make it's not a race just get it done. Oh my god, I keep sliding off. I swear Yeah, same here I'll make a space for you guys go ahead. Can I mental? Oh my lord Jayman what are you doing? Thank you You Jumping way too early I'll try and scoot over I'll try and scoot over There's a big like there's a lot of space right here this big ball right there All right, you all made it great job. All right, all right, so it says congratulations. You all made it on the wall Unfortunately, all of you will not make it off the wall Swift says look at person one person next to you Kill that person You believe the restraint in this lobby, you know if we did this like six months ago we're gonna bloodbath Still be Lord changing their weapons though again nervous Which is that's crouch Hey, LA You Yeah, I guess they're just waiting for me to say summons that's fire These guys are good Good news guys. I do have my proximity mine back and there's no one around here to move Hmm, yeah, let's play a little game No, too early too early too early. I'm gonna save it. Always eager to use these mines All right, we're gonna play a game So So it says I want you to pay attention to something to the moment I'm gonna ask everyone to stand up I want you to pay close attention to see who stands up first you or the other guy all right I'm talking full Full motion of standing up like you stop Standing so it says stand up Good all right now all of you guys answer me. Did you stand up first or second first Wow more than half of you guys said first uh, that's not gonna work out for you guys All right, Swiftress says same thing pay attention to who crouches first between you and the person in front of you Swiftress says crouch Now once again, were you first or second? I was first second that was a harsh first Close first All right, I need to trust you guys that in a moment I'm gonna ask you guys to Once you've completely stood up, you killed a person in front of you Except this rule is Swiftress says if you don't have a partner you're not looking the eyes with somebody You do not participate. You're not in danger. I don't want you hurting anybody else Great All right stand up and stab go You Attacker takes out the knife Swiftress is way right there. I want a better view Thank you That's great So here are the rules You know what I got even the better solution if the stand up and crouch again once you've crouched that second time You can then stab the person in front of you understand stand up crouch then stab If someone's kill feed shows you waited you did it too early you will die Ready set go I don't know what the stuff today Sad times Swiftress says go All right watch your kill feeds was there any illegal activity? Yes What's your name sir Rising raw rising raw who murdered you inappropriately? Oh, I don't remember there and then you can then you have no evidence good job There What dude you know How do you want to kill the well again the name? He'll kill me it's a gilly over here. It's the dude with the camo and the like we fun him Just grab that bloody man look at my rat body swifter. It's right there Rat body rat body let's take a look here This which one I don't know over on the area here it goes bro. I can't see you Oh Look to the right It's in the middle of those three him you think you think this guy did it He stayed crouch. He didn't stand in then crouch sir. Did you not stand? What's your name? Yes, I did It's it's from arrow. I didn't Yeah, I messed up I've been there. There you go. All right great. Is that is that our only There only accusation anyone else have a complaint Great so it says right here what Yeah, honey um, what's your name? What's your name sir? Well the plaintiff please come stand up. What's your what's your issue? And who is it with? Uh Right here. I'm dead. I got killed in appropriately Yes, sir. I who? Uh, I didn't get the name. I got kicked out of the the kill feed Yeah without more details man. Could you identify the killer from this lineup? last one On to the to your right Him right there attacker the very last one him. Well, no, no, no, no I could not true Well as people at people like can you attest that you stood up think crouch than stabbed? What's his Yeah, I can't but what's this card username because I don't even think I kill this guy. What's your name sir? Um on game is Kangry K and DRY I'm looking at his eyes behind the wall I would see the name of the guy I killed no, I killed El Kangry but I I have a clip of me Going up down and stabbing All right, we're gonna let that one go man. Sorry. I trust trust trust people lead. All right. Great. So it says There'll be other opportunities next game to get revenge So if you says everyone in the wall, please lamp shoulder without falling off the wall If someone falls off the wall, so if you says you can shoot them All right, cool We're gonna play a little game of sumo your job is a shove someone off the wall And when they fall off you kill them Well, let's see what's gonna motivate you guys to play this game. We have six 9 10 11 I want two people dead before we continue the game if not we'll play a game where we will kill half of you guys That's your motivation. Swiftress says begin I see some progress being made here So it says you must be standing up no crouching That's close I almost ran off This is not as exciting as I thought would be swip to set stop new game I put a proximity mine on that yellow van I'm not done from that again, but you guys will How will this game work? Let's figure this out I said half of you guys would die right is love of you guys So it says ghosts I need your help for this one I want to only Protect the first six people to get on top of that yellow van I should be safer Ready set go watching So If there says the last six people on top of that van any part of that van the hood the back there's a safe part in the back last six people dies which is as go for last five people Why would you get on it first like that's Yeah, so it's kind of like a view I mean those physics were amazing though Come on Serious all right sort of says laps a little shoulder on the van that goes way pointing out who does not who don't the folks who deserve to die That's pretty great I believe sitting was the tell folks to make an advance so he should be safer All right, so this area now gets to get grouchy He was not last He was one of the last night be last let's make this easy Do we know do we know who the last person was Yeah This guy This guy They're saying that you were the last person on there do you think that's true? I actually think it is yes Reality sort of just please get on that that green van Well, well, so we got all right second the last was next second left second left this guy Yeah, yeah, which is says on that green van over there and I'll take one more Take There ain't hasn't done anything to piss me off the scale side feel bad doing that I know take jayman how are you dead? Are you All right, do we know this six people over there? Do I say I look you guys are fine All right you two kill each other Wow, I haven't caught a single person without this game. Please not lately All right, so if just as you two we're gonna do a little bit of role-playing Imagine you're on like a sinking vessel. I'm over here on the cliff I'm I'm reaching out my hand. I can only save one of you guys The first one of you to grab this ledge will be saved the other one unfortunately we'll drown begin I was just rehearsing Big dog boomer. Please meet your microphone. Thank you You know But this is big dog boomer. You must meet your microphone Thank you great So just as you two the first person grab this ledge dies go Oh Oh Oh Wow Wow, that's okay. That's what I'm here for. If you says it won't follow me Oh I love this part of the map the view is this great This is very nice of you you know, it'll be a while before I can go in an actual vacation, but this is a little piece of it You Being a vacation you guys will need to send the other players on vacation permanent vacation. That's how we're gonna get our winner here, but the rules will be a little bit different this time One of the rules I'm figuring that out right now So after says well, I'm thinking about that. So just as I'd like all seven new guys facing these meats So after says cook them You're careful don't watch right brother bro This guy's like All right, I have a game. I want to play before begin. So it says stop All right, so it just says all of you guys laps shoulder over here and take two players to play this game Maybe four Yeah, I'm gonna take four players players to this game. It's gonna be a fun one. Let me a fun one. I had an idea Great, so it just says ghosts. I'll need your help for this one Just a ghost. Please just get a good view on these four meats All right, here we go This is gonna be very dangerous guess Because the first four to crouch will get the play of the game and the last three will just die It's pretty messed up. All right, first four to crouch live Okay, so it says first four to crouch play the game go Great So it says you you and you so does you three come over here Oh It says you three jump once No worries no worries. I just says look at me you three Good job. So it says you three kill each other Okay All right All right, we have two minutes we got this mini game. All right, so it says you four You guys get to play the actual game which is you four stand over here So it says lap shoulder shoulder Each of you guys will be shooting at your dedicated piece of meat for example you what's your name Stupid stupid this one is yours name Sully Sully this one is yours name It's not for free. It's not for this one is yours and name Unsuitable Unsuitable this one is yours great and a few moments when you guys to unload That might tell you to stop you must stop when I say stop and the last piece of meat To stop shaking is the winner All right dead people are you ready to watch the meats. I need to know which piece of meat stops shaking last got it On it yeah, all right, so it says unload So to set stop stop All right, let's see which one stops which one will stop wiggling I say third one So wiggling Yeah, this one's that wiggling So it says sir it looked like stupid stupid was the one that she glast on my screen So you did it so it says stupid to go to go hang out with Syrian All right, so it says you three unfortunately on my screen your meat stop wiggling. So it says you three kill each other Damn Good job. Damn it. All right, so it says you three of the finalists is one minute left. So it says okay, we've got guys on there There's no way to snoop dogs they don't catch them by right now. That's crazy Oh Well, you can't who the music here is the way the game works guys There are three of you guys I'm figuring out the wording we were a click here. They're this is good the time the time is important The The person to get the latest kill you switch or says you can only kill one person I give the word and the person get the last kill in the game wins Switches us begin That means we get the hey whoa whoa get back on there That means we get the kill at one second and no one else can fire after that you win five four three two one Siri Good job Is a good one for Siri in there Yeah The kota I'm just desperate bro. I'm just desperate. That was cool. I like that the time arena the time We're thing worked out really well And the music the music too was uh, yeah very intense. There you go great game guys Siri and what's your shout out Um I shout out to the other Syrians and twitch chat You're the real ones and shout out to the youtube comments. I get I always get a really good laugh from them They do man. They're on your side. All right GG guys