 What is up everyone welcome this whifter says prime time edition of my I'm on late usual later than usual So it says if you're only able to into this game because I'm streaming right now, so it doesn't please come over here I just want to know if like my stream when I usually did would you not be able to join in? Sam man, anyone else who's able to play because I'm I'm streaming at this later time slot. I'm just trying to get an idea Hey, that's a lot right. Yeah. All right. Yeah. All right. So this is all of you guys please come over here Let's see here Time to eat out the liars. I'd recognize you if you played it earlier hang on here hang on Sam and maybe hungry All right Matt you played our games all the time. What are you talking about? Sticks at the saw you during yesterday's roll of time So I see all the time a bunch of liars over here Only two things one either you move to a different time zone between yesterday and today or two You hungry for attention. But guess what? I'm happy to feed you that attention. So if you says all of you guys point at one of the player in your group Now listen, does me you only do what I say when I say Swift or says I'm not gonna do any swifter says things that involve you hurting somebody right now This is like a trick. Okay This is I've this is our test to make sure you guys are all pay get attention. So it says point you're gun at one of the player in the group Good that pay careful attention We'll only use one bullet one below only one bullet will not be enough to kill the player in front of you So no one should die. We have to do it. I don't see you shoot you're in trouble. Listen carefully. So if you're says crouch No one fired good great So it says you guys Laptural or shoulder over your pointing at those players Play a little game you guys Play a meeting game of hide and seek Swift says if they see any of you guys with the smoke clears you will die You can hide wherever you want you just cannot be visible these players So it just says wait guys. I'll let you guys know when the smoke clears all right It says you guys oh hang on that's a stun So the shadow sniper you're a little eager there to torn off and hide I thought it was smoke them I got blind I Would feel this game to be very short one for your shell sniper all right All right, so it says anyone in the line hat. So does if you have a smoke grenade please crouch Great, so just says please toss your smoke grenades towards them So does this toss your smoke grenades. Oh, this is not a Okay, so does this go run hide if you're visible you will die Three two one All right, they had a good job All right, great. I like magic tricks Yeah, yeah, come on back We'd give you a real one Said So Okay Okay, so does that sniper please rejoin the game that's that's the end of our warm-up all right there Oh Look at that was just the warm that's all right now we play the game for real all that's going forward will be permanent unless I die in which case All right, listen only do what I say when I say so process yes, snapper you may rejoin if you'd like okay Oh snappers that challenge Challenge that's a challenge we'll keep them we'll keep that if you guys both survival We'll do something with that later all right hang on is there any screen tearing by the way? I don't think so I don't think I'll get Swoop says please follow me down the east Welcome everyone By the way if you're watching a take-talk of YouTube I put up a I thought it was pretty funny a lethal company Short video take-talk So check it out Later again, so just please make your way up There's many there's many ways up here don't fall off Should Activate you band earn my wrong I don't think we as yes if if someone is banned they're already banned don't worry about it all right. Thank you On to where I got it. Sorry. Where did you want to meet? We're on the Southeast Right who could you all go nowhere to go if I said who could lounge Okay, it's it's mini game time hang on I need to test this out really quick. Can I get on this wall? No No, get on there I'm trying to find it this building is not helping me So the little SC on your screen All right, you will success. I'll try to figure out where we are. Please no more no more vocalizing. Thank you All right turn the GPS audio off great. All right cool for the best you guys. Let's begin All right, so we have a car a tank and a car. So it's like a little look at tank sandwich So it just says if you're on a tank your teammate if you're on either the other cars your team beast. Let's go ahead and choose your team I'm choosing team a Yeah, obviously you may for the win. So team tank and team car There we go all right great congratulations. You guys You're still here. Okay Bottom bottom middle bottom middle bottom middle bottom middle is this is your first child Hey No, stop gatekeeping man. I hate that bro Gatekeeping man We want more cod players Oh There Actually now remember how I say it was team car versus team tank That was a lie We're gonna remove players from each vehicle vehicle. On the cars you'll be removing one person each okay so the minus one from each car on the tank you'll be removing three people. So if this is discussed with the people on your vehicle how you guys will figure it out who's dying. Five minutes been a good one. We should take out because he got a ticket to come in a lot of everything. Look at you that is Quintake. I'm here to cover you guys. Quintake. No five minutes. All right. Swifter says discussion over. Cooper. Hang on. What's the set stop? Trooper. Yeah. What team are you on man? This car. Why did you get off? Why are you not? I was just sacrificing myself. I was gonna be the volunteer. Okay. You're gonna go for you. Pre-made decisions. You're the real envy for you. So it's a trooper to give you that work with me. Thanks. I do this. Thank you for being the stripper. Please stand top of the side. Oh boy. All right. So while you cannot volunteer yourself by getting off a vehicle you can't volunteer yourself to die. So it says unload. I'm sure you got places to be. All right. So does it stop? I was ready. Great. Now. Okay. So it says no more talking. You guys have hopefully figured out. Look, I want one person dead from each car. Three people left from the tank. The guy with a fancy skin. You guys will begin this when I say XU order 6.6. Okay. So it says no more talking. So it says no more talking. If you guys killed too many or too little people you'll be punished. XQ order 69. All right guys, too good. XQ order 66. So what is this race? Damn. What the? I did not say Swiftress says the X-ring stuff, whatever. So it says all players who killed somebody make your way up. You guys give. I didn't say Swiftress says. Oh. I didn't mean to shoot. Someone on the car. I got killed from a guy on the tank. What was the guy's name? It was sniper. Sniper. Which sniper? It says hang on. Hang on. We have more than three murders. If you killed anyone in that mini game, just get up here now. There's a kill feed the verify. There's literally a. There is a kill. That's right. It wasn't me. I got the unload kill. Hang on. Hang on. Boss man. Where did you kill come from? It was the unhooked one trooper. Okay. That's correct. All right. So we have vape over here. Red beard and sniper. All right. So this is three of you. Please stand over your shoulder shoulder. I really didn't even mean. No problem. No problem. It's okay. There's someone on the shoulder on the signs over here. So I was right. You guys made me. Okay. So it says you three. I will give one of you guys an opportunity to come back into the game. That's more than one person. Does everyone down here? Anyone person you want? You're only allowed. You cannot kill more than one person. So it says what just says. Aim it. One of these three players. Every one of them. All right. So it says you three. They got your weapons and names straight up. All right. Just players down here. Get ready. So it says you three kill each other. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Very quickly. I should have taken out my car on the. So it says red beer. I required a weapon. So it says red beard. Come on down. You're saved. Thank you. All right. So it says everyone come with me. So it says there are five empty parking spots on this side of the park. So it says please choose any of the five parking spots on this side. Over here does not count. Which one man? Which one man? I did not last long. Oh, that's fine. Yeah, I want to work with only four parking spots. That's fine. To me, the parking spot I'm in has the same everybody's the same skin. Yeah, everybody says the same skin on mine as well. Sorry, Sam. I was referring to the. One right here. Oh, yeah. I'll be by myself. I like that. Right. Swiftress says they're waiting with the yellow car. You guys chose wrong. Oh, listen. Unload. You believe I said he was corny would survive this explosion? No. All right. Let's assign you some numbers. Parking spot number one. Remember that one. Parking spot number two. Remember. Parking spot number three. Parking spot number four. Sam, man, what are you doing? Parking spot number five. All right. Swiftress is a look down. Remember the. Not only is that your parking spot. That is the permanent number of that parking spot. Great. You guys all know. All right. This is kind of like that fall guys game where like you know you see the fruit appear on the screen and you want us to run over to that fruit and if they don't fit they die. It's just like that. So. First number. Let's give Sam and some love. Parking spot number one. Run over to it. What does this freeze? Hmm. What does this says you? You win you? He didn't say Swiftress. That is correct. That is correct. Oh, number five. That's Sam and was number five. Yes. Yeah. That is correct. I didn't say Swiftress says. Swiftress says go to Parking spot number three. If you can't fit in you will die. Oh, I fit. Oh, you guys fit. God. This is some top two. Oh, do we all fit? Yeah. Yeah. I'm like a can of sardines. All right. We're going to make it even harder. Next Parking spot you will have to be parked parallel parked in prone. Print the parallel park part. If there's something you've been prone. And if any part of you is taking out of your parking spot, you will die. All right. Parking spot number five. What does this freeze? Just standing. Step over here. Somebody. Somebody. Somebody. Swiftress says you for on top of this yellow car. No. No. Swiftress says the rest of you guys. Parking spot number one. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Swiftress says blow up the yellow car. What the fuck is this? Is it explode? I love the set. What? Wait. What? I don't know. I can't see. I was just waiting. Did I shoot it in the head? No. No. They survived. God's a spirit. That's right. Swiftress says you to rejoin the group. God's board has been broken. He's a car has been broken. He's a car. Who knows? Who knows? The car. God's a spoken. How? All right. Hang on. I'm introducing a new parking spot. Swiftress says this is parking spot number six over here. Last person parking spot six dies. Go. No. Why? Just kidding. Oh, bro. Sticks. If my bullet missed, he could have lived. All right. All right. Last person in six dies. Okay. Which means you probably want to wait for a stop exploding or something. I don't know. Just think about the strategy behind that. It's like you can go to parking spot number six as soon as my grenade is thrown. The last person there will die. Bro. I'm going to go to the parking spot. I'm going to go to the parking spot number six as soon as my grenade is thrown. The last person there will die. Bro. Are you not thinking about that? What the hell is going on? No. That was either fun for some other guy. Somebody behind me. Somebody look at the clip. It's all good. I can't believe it. Money because he survived the grenade. Yeah. It was a car that blew up. All right. Next up. Swift says same exact mini game. But this time, the parking spot number two. Swift says watch for me to throw this grenade. Same exact mini game. Swift says. Go. Last person on there dies. Last. Oh, shit. Oh, yeah. That's number two. Whoops. Oh. Am I not in it? Oh, yeah. And he went off and came back on the sniper. Went off and came back on. You disagree? Swift, it's fun. Really? I could func be last on this one too. No, I literally saw sniper leaving it off. Eric, Jack and Spanky. His foot's on the line. He's not in. I in it. Okay. All right. Thank you, Judge Judy. All right. Oh, I think I did. Oh. I think I did. I think I did. I think I did. That was a nice one. Was it worth following me into the garage? Uh-oh, what is that? What is that? What is that? Ah, this is good. Oh, god. It's not good, crap. Oh, not yet. Chot, you see nothing. Oh. I thought I was going through the ball, man. Jerry. Oh, no. He's just. I'll ask for help if I need to. I got it. Swiftress says there are some laps of the shoulder. This is going to be a fun game. I have an idea. I have an idea. I don't know about you, but that's all I'm sure. All right. Here we go, dudes. For this one, the order you're in will matter a lot. Some players will go first. Some players will go in the middle. Some players will go at the end. Swiftress says, I've not decided whether I'll start with this end or this end. Swiftress says you may reorder yourselves as long as your shoulder is shoulder. Swiftress says begin. You guys want to stay where you are? Do you want to be in the center there? Look, look, look, it's okay. We just... Great. Swiftress says you have five seconds to finalize your spot. Five. I'm only personally to those rules of this game. I know which one of you guys are going to die, which one of you guys will not. Five, four, three, two, one. Swiftress says freeze. Okay, this is our order. This is don't change from your spots. Now, Sandman, Spanky, chat. People watching on TikTok, YouTube, Twitch, you guys will decide where the beginning of the line is. Please type sand or spank. That will decide which direction we're going to start. And I'll go over the rules. I don't care. You know what? I may go first. That seems like fun. I see a lot of sand. But you don't know the rules yet, sir. Oh my god. Mystery is fun. A perhaps a more risk. It's more worth. No, I'm going to have some fun when I'm left in this car. Why didn't you get at the start of the line? All right, Sandman, it looks like you're going first. Okay. Cool. Guys, I promise this would be an interesting mini game. I want to deliver. All right, here are the rules of the game. You guys will be going one at a time, breaking one piece of glass in this room. Must be in this room. Your bullets cannot leave the room. You can't break the glass on another building across. It must be in here. The glass has to break. Not just shatter, like not just crack, has to break. And the moment we get to somebody who runs out of glass to break, that person will be in big trouble. It's just the same man you're first. Fine. If you break one piece of glass, you also die. One piece of glass. I think I'm going to start with the obvious. Good. I agree. All right, there you go. Beautiful panel. All right, I suppose I'm not going to... I suppose I suppose for the remainder of this mini game, I've said the rules. I don't have to say I suppose for anything else for this mini game. Star you're up next. Am I allowed to shoot more than once? Go ahead. Break the glass. There I go. Echo. All right. I'm getting... Am. Looks good enough. All right. Next up, fuck. Looks good. Next up, pineapple. Andy. Oh, there you go. He's looking outside the box. Rolling. Good. Snapper. Good. Godly. Good. Good. Godly. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Godly. Good. All right. This will warn you, guys, not to be... Pay attention to where people are shooting. If you try and shoot through a glass that's already been broken, you die. Deeman. You're up. Good. Be careful. Only one painting glass. You break too, you also die. All right. Remaster. Just hold on. Look at that. Beautiful shot. boss man SB Nice Spanky All right, everyone was at least one piece of glass for all of you guys now we restart Sam man Oh, shit my bad my bad Let's go with a little bit of a disobvious one All right, next up star Oh, no next up echo Your fine Fuck your up let me out. It's probably the middle people that need to be worried. Oh, oh almost fucked up Well, you almost shot splinter again All right Good wait, was that was that was that already broken or no? Andy All right looking good next up bass Oh Oh there you go all right slaper now You're good you're good godly You Deem uh demon All right remaster Boss man, why is this so tense? I got a bad feeling for this natural It's a game Listen listen when we get to when we get to the The round all it'll make sense all right SB I like this. He's got an exam and Oh that counts yes you broke You killed two glasses bro that was very greedy man Oh I thought you had it All right spanky Oh no He ruined it for spanky wait All right, man you're up Wait, I don't like this. I don't like it Broken broken broken broken I'm gonna go to one spot that people are thinking of I'm looking Guys close your look all right star you're up next man It's like jingo when you said that piece that you want to go for I go go for it because my PC is shit No There's no more wait, I look look if there's no more I kill you No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, in this room in this room in this room You have five seconds of fine fine glass to break five No, that's nope, that's stop you shot three empty glass Oh Guys There was still glass to break in this room we continue what No, what Oh, I know it I'll be straight people dying Does that count is it glass It's all right Oh I mean you you cracked it. I'm gonna say that counts All right, that was gonna be my my clever moment, but I guess it didn't really smash like it wanted it to All right, let me just look around let me see if I can find anything else here all right Hang on hang on hang on hang up hang up hang up stop I have a challenge If you believe you can break one more Piece of glass not like the TV thing I just did that was BS but If you can break a class You feel like you can do it Crouch if you fail you die, but if you succeed you pick three other players to die So does crouch if you think you got the big bro. Oh hang on remaster All right, so does that remaster show me this piece of glass in this remake and break This man's big brain Wait was this was this not broken No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I don't know Hang on hang on hang on So it was this remaster like three people to be to be to die Just pick three doesn't frickin matter. Yeah, okay Rolling base you did for this one out and you turn around Sir you get the pick who dies you don't get to kill them. This is a controlled blobby So does anybody calls you out please join on this on this couch over here So does bass please join on this couch Right here man Whatever remaster kill up No, he didn't say so it's a says I said like 15 times bro I think it's a couch So does that's too Voice of my ears has pineapple So does pineapple please stand on this this couch one more This last one Star please Oh, you say f us very rude. All right. So does this remaster you can kill both. That's fine Star come down here please All right, congratulations war final eight players swifters as please follow me Wait It's where I I heard All right, so in the previous video I was the idiot and I challenge you guys pushing me off this ledge and you did It was pretty funny for everyone else, but wasn't funny for me I want to laugh at that though. I want it. I want to laugh at somebody else Switches as laps your little children pick somebody to be in danger You're offering yourself No, no, no, look, just sniper please stand over here. We're gonna do a mini game do a mini game great Swifter says the first person crouch can volunteer All right, there we go. All right snap early wants it to be him. All right, so to sniper please stand on the edge there great Now switchers as if you feel like you are extremely capable of pushing people off please crouch Nobody right okay, so it says If you people are having me without the rules here Swifter says if snapper can survive one minute He lives and you guys will all actually have to be divided in half You guys can push snapper off we can move on to our next mini game. Swifter says begin Don't fall off while you're doing it though. There's no coming back up I'm a pacifist today. Yeah, you don't have to risk your I'll give you guys I didn't put the temper up all right. Yeah, anyway, um Go in prone. Go in. Yes. There we go. No, I'm a pacifist today. I'm not Oh Yeah Eight seconds just right eight more seconds five Three two one so does that stop He survived All right, so was a sniper please stand over there. So does the swifter says everyone else please lap shoulder shoulder It's time to do some math Oh Swifter says sniper please stand top of a vehicle. Let's keep you safe for now We have six players to turn these six into three Swiffer says back up. I don't want you. No, no, you're not being crushed. Oh, I got Swiffer says back I saw you throw that I got so worried brought back so many memories from past lobies Okay All right, so if it says two players in each box go You say oh oh there we go. So it says two players in each box. Is he three on that one over there two on each? Why are you trying to kill us there? We go kill the other guy in the box. Oh Oh my god So if it says no, no, no, no Oh, he'll know that's worthless in this game. All right great you four So if it says look at the other player So if it says the second the box under you disappears, we'll kill the other player not a moment before I take a few moments So it just says melee only by the way I I'm on already disappear Taking it's time isn't it It'll happen Three two shot melee shot Oh wow All right, spanky boss man good tries all right we have our three-pound players we have funk godly and snap offense So it just says follow me I was wondering what I would do if one of you guys actually just claim the box and then like kill the other player I was honestly thinking I was honestly thinking about I think that we'll be in his advantage I think by by the time you claimed it the other guy would just kill you All right your players left I like the spot over we did our finale here last time I think it's nice switch just says follow me very cinnamon hey I won here This is like the window pane jumping thing we're not doing that this time doing something new I don't know It's because I beat Matt I don't remember I don't know what we're doing yet rice for says shoulder to shoulder over here Hmm do I use the Overwatch healer remember this All right switcher says look at that fountain over there Oh Where I can't see it. Oh sorry. So this is a good look over here. Oh, yeah So you guys were a player like a game called super monkey ball No, no, how about darts. Yeah, yeah darts you throw a dart, you know, you know, I guess I don't know the exact rules But you know you can only go for a bullseye a bullseye on this one is is this is the top middle over here So you guys will basically have to jump you get one jump and the person close to the center Will be the winner you don't get to move you don't get to climb gonna run jump now jumping from over there is way too easy So for you guys will actually be jumping from is Everything's too close these we have a little further. It's still doable You know what you'll do it from up over here after all switcher says you three please follow me So it says backs to this wall There you go. It'll be a race. Yeah, that's a big good The one you hear me fire my gun I'll do the whole switcher says they know where I'm going over the rules. I'll fire my gun You'll run and your job is simply to get your one jump onto the fountain Why will this be hard? Because of your first and you rush it may make a mistake and miss the target Mm-hmm, but if you wait too long someone else might get the target before you remember It's a person close to the center all the dead players will help me make sure that no one's moving when they're not supposed to Remember there's balancing this weird physics in this game. So watch out you might slide off. It's wherever you end up Swift or says listen for my gunshot Well, I just messed that up myself you guys are screwed. What's two of you guys are screwed? All right, Swift or says wait So it says what I fire my gun We'll have one jump get to the center of the fountain the closest player will win the entire game So it says go One shot. That's all you got Stay oh Hang on you can get close to the center if you can get if you can get in front of him you win If you can get if you can jump over him and in the center you win Come on five you can do it you can do it I can't do jump We're physics Third place second place So clear over it All right, so god we congratulations man Did you feel good about that mini game in general? Any nervous at all? No, not like way to go meant so congratulations. The winning man thing's a fun game. Well, what do you want to shout anyone out? I just shout out to you Thank you. You're my pleasure having you in here. What else in the game man? I never have to use this in real games because I suck so Overwatch he'll kill us For me whatever Oh GG Great game guys GG GG if you enjoyed watching that want to try and join our games everyone's wanting to try and join in uh join our discord server Those search google or your favorite search engine for swift or discord and join in See you then we'll close