 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says Swiftress says almost single file line time for inspection Swiftress inspection time inspection time baby Yay Everyone wants to be first in line What about you inspecting? I prefer to be easily second Swiftress says single file line you have five seconds Swiftress says five four three two one Swiftress says for ease Great Great so just look at the person next to you You've got the you know front of the line turn around So just turn around So just look at the person next to you there you go Great Don't worry Seagulls Wow Swiftress says crouch Which was chaos tricks what are you playing on Uh, controller Is your first time playing a wall made because you jumped instead of crouch Yeah No Where is man We're very forgiving about accidents in this game aren't we guys No we're not Yes we are Sometimes we are sometimes Sometimes You know what let's try the it was an accident let's try the end Swiftress says stand up Swiftress says stand up great And crouch Goofy Goober you're very curious what was happening around you your surroundings Right so it's Goofy Goober please follow me you're not looking the person next to you It was Goofy coming me man It was Goofy coming me That's the look of the person next to you you're looking out into the field don't worry I'm here I look you worry guess never host just stand around here I want you to see everybody There you go you see I can see everybody All right you know what here You said you had no partner I'm gonna give you a partner I'm gonna give you a lot of partners Swiftress says everyone look at Goofy's in your new partner So just look at Goofy's up over there Great Swiftress doesn't load Oh He said he said You see because of woods just take responsibility young man all right And you any reason that you're crouching right now Oh sort of just follow me Angie All right you know what Goofy just stand up and spend so be here Shoot him in the head No worries you didn't want to get shot in the back no problem just does unload Great Great all right great Swiftress is look at someone next to you I don't care where they're looking in back at you or not no big deal All right we're gonna play so so as of this episode um Yesterday there was the the world reveal of all the black ops 60 tells I was looking up to the play and learn about a lot of stuff few days before I tried to headquarters Great being there. We're gonna do a little black ops six quiz. Let's make sure you guys all are kept up on the news if you're not aware of the news then I think I have to doubt your your call of duty loyalty or maybe just really busy either way May pay the price All right Swiftress says you're going to jump or you tell me I say a fact that is true About black ops six All right So as you will jump every time I say a fact about black ops six Black ops six let's you sprint left and right That's good all right those harm me to tell whether you're crouching or not So Swiftress says going forward when I say an answer that is oh statement that's true about black ops six You will crouch and stay crouched All right, try it again All right Black ops six let's you shoot doors open with your gun All right So if just says attacker Lex Leviathan Achilles come on me All right Somebody wants to try you know that's okay and you know there's a lot of you know I kind of what that was a hard one first So just everyone stand up we're gonna have a demonstration All right, so because we're gonna do demonstrate to you guys with that is true or false but it says imagine you for our doors Imagine these folks want to open the doors with their guns sort of says look at the doors No So it says open the door Great sort of a stand back up all right great let's continue so does the game continues All right All right next like next fact Let's see here Black ops six You have a primary secondary but you also have a dedicated slot for your melee Ratch if you believe that's true. I mean you know you can have like an assault rifle a pistol and And then a knife and a pistol at the same time and your salt All right Let's take a go. Let's say minty Candosaurus and that's just as you guys come over here No problem guys don't where you guys are all safe. I will not kill you guys because it turns out Yeah, there's a third slot that's dedicated to melee super says on mode I Stop I love I do I do hope I do I can't talk about it. I remember what I got I got to really stop myself And I'm trying to talk about gameplay stuff. All right, so does the stand back up All right next up maybe everything I say is just gonna be true. I don't think I can only fix us. Let me please stand up All right, let's see your next up Uh Black ops six they act chef we call it a homing boomerang see those boomerang in once you throw it you can activate it and and control where the boomerang goes Crouch of the sister. Oh wait a minute. No son. Wait a minute You had it all too What there's no there is no there is no boobering in black ops six. Come with me man Black ops six If I said that you'd be alive in three seconds, so it says please over here funk. I'm All right, all right, so boomerang is throwing and we come back Well, let's do a little bit different than boomerang's for just as unload All right All right, here we go. Let's get into the more all right, so it says crotch when I say something true about black ops six all right Um You get early access to the beta if you preorder any version of black ops six You get early access to the beta if you preorder any version of black ops six crotch of that's true Okay, so it just says j-dog slap happy murder chaos tricks and Tian come on down over here You guys think that's not the case and you do you were standing to I'm pretty sure It's in every single call You get access to the beta Yep, you guys are all dead. That's right Yes, if you preorder any version Here early access to the beta that wasn't the part where you guys are supposed to be tricked it's what it says unload All right, it feels like an infomercial now so to stand up So black ops six also Black ops six also will be released they won on game pass you have game pass you access to black ops six True false true we have that true crouch grace from standing back up All right, if you have game pass you also get the early access to the beta crouch if that's true Right Emmy Jack You we get stuff guys for this is the three of you that are crouch come on over here You guys thought the folks getting the game for brim day one will also get early acts of the beta Discussed they're giving Microsoft money every month. I do not carefully Xbox You guys are right so it's you three kill those Hey pass subscribers do get early access to the beta also you can preorder All right All right, man, this okay, and this this was not my plan to begin with the game but with like here we are I thought I got to do a lot more. I thought you watched my tiktok what happened I didn't want to get survived You about to die though Whoa now please be respectful too funny. All right, here we go. We're gonna continue to get we're gonna do this until we're Might as well finish up. We'll do it. We'll do another stuff to says after this guys don't worry all right, so Sort of says with what I'm saying is true. Ratch All right so So this is all three we guys dolphin dive Okay, that's I just simply wanted to make a point that's not the test all right Okay, so and black up six if you're a dolphin dive on the map it would look very similar to that And blacks at black up six also if you're a dolphin dive and the game new we're gonna dolphin dive into water Would actually change your animation and put your hands together so you were like diving like into a pool like an Olympic swimmer True or false, but it says that's true crouch Serien What would your man? Serious and please stand specifically on top of the trash one right here. So does both of you guys aim it Syrian He is the winner So So I have it was in Details or the DTS so basically That four years to make this game by the way they did a lot of crazy stuff So like the game is very reactive to what you do so if you are like busing through a door You actually see your shoulder like come up in front of you and if you're diving into the water it chains your animation So there's a lot of stuff when you're doing it It'll like you know do a different animation for that. So it's actually pretty wild Serien congratulations man Thank you, man. I cannot wait for black up six it's you me to man Happy murder are you happy for Syrian that he won? I'm happy he wins I have questions Yes, yes, this is all my 67 video that none of you watched cool Uh, yes, so so I don't feel bad. I've got like a million views It's gonna be on PlayStation 4 and Xbox one. Yes. Yes. Oh, it's it's uh, it's uh It's on it's on so uh what's cool is that I mean that that it works and it's all like crossplay You know, I didn't get to see how it looks on the next box when I'm gonna assume a lot worse Then what we saw But you know works that where that's great. Oh there we go. All right, Serien. What's your shout out? I want to shout out old man in this game. He just came back and that was a legendary come back. Oh, oh, oh I want it's I win this for you There we go I got my gun points worth all right gg guys gg