 What is up everyone? Welcome to Swiftress says just do what I say when I say Swiftress says I don't say Swiftress says Don't do it. For example, Swiftress says turn around See everyone was not playing the game very good turn back around let's begin the game Yeah How can we turn the back around? And I wasn't paying attention. Oh, we could tell so please come on me All right, I want please look at B she's about to die Even that didn't get the turn around game believe it all right Swiftress says please turn around Swiftress says aim at B Oh All right, let's pretend this is like a democracy if you can convince 10 people to vote for you You get till you get forgiven a vote means they crouch Swiftress says you have One minute please convince them to vote for you Okay, please save me. It's like my second time joining I was trying to save my mic No All right I don't know what else to say one more vote Um, that's it all right 10 votes. Swiftress says you're safe go back to there. Here. Look at that So let's go back to the line they've They've kept you in the game Oh All right great no one died yet It's very sad. Let's change yet. Swiftress says look at the person next to you So it says stand up You know, I feel like lately because I wear glass oven. I've been experiencing harassment There's nothing to do with me being bald. So just look at someone next to you bro Anyone next to you. I am trying literally just look at them Look at them. Great. I'm giving you permission I need vengeance the person you're looking at is not wearing any kind of eyewear. Maybe them Okay, Swiftress says look at me So if your says take two steps forward Take one step back Swiftress says jump Crash once Don't just says crouch Stand once Don't just stop looking at other players, bro What's your name? Uh, straight Are you very curious to see whether or not screwed up or not? Oh, maybe I'm just not being curious who was They'll be looking at you real soon. All right Shivering in the timbers For example I lose my I'm too bad king awkward anyway last person to stand does Uh-oh, Dirk, do we just have a Oh Swiftress says please follow me What's your name? Viking Viking don't worry man Believe or not, it's still democracy. You just need a few more votes All right If you sort of says if you can convince everyone to stand up you live. So what does this begin? You have 15 seconds That's that's kind of impossible 12 seconds stand up everybody That is impossible eight seconds That's impossible That's impossible Just try Listen listen you think it's impossible to do something come on bro watch this Swiftress says everyone aiming at him Unload Toot says armman come forward Eighth things is so it says armman come forward All right all right Viking you might be dead man. I'm gonna share you You know that it's possible to get people to unite on your side Swiftress says I want a my armman Swiftress says when Viking says impossible unload Impossible You just disappeared right next to me. I thought Max only shot you So one time He just popped away No, I don't think he said you all right. So what does that stop? What it looks like in it? Swiftress says please follow me Send it with the negative eight Yeah positive thinking bro Swiftress says please everyone on top of that balcony with the flowers you can get up there just follow your comrades Make arm reds By comrades and on Is this 15 Yeah, you're looking at the guys yes You guys wanted to tell him Hey, Swiftress I dc'd am I able to rejoin? Oh yes very quickly please So just make room for the guys over there. I want everyone on the platform Thank you very much Hey, what makes the dream boy boys help us We did push him off I For also waiting for one one. I mean one of the players that disconnected we're not waiting for anybody. Swiftress says jump once Jump twice Good jump three times Great, Swiftress says don't jump on a fire my gun All right, jump twice when I fire my gun Oh Turkey lobby Cool This truck and hold I think many of you I think it might be well hold all of you guys work together. So you're the rules No going to prone on this truck And you're gonna work together to get as many people in this truck as possible If there's more people off the truck than on the truck You play with the proximity mine with that said oh no Last person the truck dies go This lobby wow all right, I was murdered everybody no big deal Hey, wait, so this is last person the truck dies good luck. There's a mine on there Oh, it's bugged get on there. It's safe. It's bugged No Okay, I thought there was no proning there is no proning so it just says no pron I don't think hanging is legal. I'm so scared. Can you still shoot it? Try What what was their name who's it who asked that? It's me lightning lightning you know I'm not such a sure man. Don't work. You don't work. I'm curious to I'm glad you're as curious as I am All right, Swift says if you're not standing on the truck, please follow come over here All right, so just as you guys left a little shoulder I just want to make sure I don't hurt you So just as already you guys lightning No, good. Okay, don't you stay alive bro. I need you for science. All right. Oh the rest of you guys So says you five follow me Oh god a lot of people die from this mini game, but it's not very hard Only one of you should die. So you're what sir You up backwards are you okay What's your name Oh I'll sometimes it's okay to worry about it. All right. It's five of you guys Swift says laps shoulder shoulder only one of you will die I mean I will only shoot one of you. Sorry, but just I won't only shoot one of you. That's more accurate statement All right Swift says the last person to Jump over this game jump back dies I Said Swift says by the way Got to judge you got touch the floor you guys were not touched the floor That was messy Swift says laps shoulder shoulder we're doing that again So it says look at me I'm gonna demonstrate Last person to do this you climb over you touch the floor you climb back There we go ready set go Swift just says go last person dies Oh Bro man you can't trust that google GPS sometimes all right Swift just says you four away over here Please stop jumping on the mine All right, so it just says everyone off the truck except lightning Oh Lightning lightning no don't even look listen man you've been promoted. I think I'm gonna go if you've been promoted Okay, okay, we're going to the bomb squad Squad means we're not doing this alone So lightning only the recruit three people to help you with this mission. Swift says choose three people Join you there's bomb diffusing A sonic shadow It's what does one you choose you come to the truck uh steven eight Why me stevenator Like why why not I'm just choosing random and Hmm Dalton youtube. Oh my god. Oh Here we go. All right here we go Here are the rules one person Let's always have their eyes on the bomb Those three players can help with the you know The the detonation or the disposing or the whatever you guys for the work as a team To remove that bomb But someone must always have an eye on that bomb make sure it doesn't go rogue So it says you four make it happen discuss I'll watch it if you guys want You guys are not just a whisk. I don't understand Yeah, the right one. Yeah, you guys are not cooperating. Okay. I am now taking over the bomb squad Swift says you three the teammates go stand top of central cultural all over there Yep, you guys gonna guide him from afar All right, let's see here Swift they're coming come over and watch If you'd like to watch you must watch from two inches away your choice. All right All right, so does this lightning Please point your gun at the at the mine. All right, so it says you three The item onto fusing the bomb So basically what you're gonna do is you're gonna step back and then it's just gonna it's gonna blow and then everything is gonna Things gonna happen. There you go You Know what I'm the fusing 101 just just get to the very back and shoot it and see how far you get I don't think that's gonna work I Really sir sir sir. I don't think that's gonna work sir You Check your eyes off the bomb. All right Did I only went too far anyway, I don't like that so You want to deserve the die right now? We'll come back here later that bomb's not going anywhere. Swift says follow me Well, you guys have to do is to tell them to shoot the bomb All right, so it says hug a wall Yeah, only as it go and dude All right, so did not say to lick the wall I simply don't advise it all right great Swift says look to your right All right, so this is look at me Now Swift says look to your right Yeah, that's your right there. You got it. You got it great great Swift says in the person in front of you crotch does he'll crotch? Swift says he's crotch you Excellent This is gonna be a very important listening exercise When you hear the person behind you stand You will stand. Swift says you in the back over here stand up. Swift says stand up Rough lobby today. Swift says everyone stand up Swift says whoop Careful what's your name It's a bee again. Oh Uh, who is this We call man Gotta keep it behind the person in front of you man. Sorry All right, Swift says reverse direction There he goes, what does reverse again Reverse again Oh tough lobby. All right You guys are paying very close attention. Congratulations. All of you guys have won the Simon says portion of this game Congratulations now it's time for challenges everyone follow me Sir Swift says follow me Swift says into the garage please Swift says please aim at the light the very top of the garage Now without hurting anyone else Swift says unload Oh Swift says stop Good job Swift does it look at me I everyone's leaving this garage alive Oh no Swift says look at one other player Swift says when I say any word that rhymes with the word garage Mainly that person So it just says if you have more than one kill you will also die Now the problem with the word garage is that there's not many words that rhyme with it like Actually, there's a lot of words now I think about it. Wow There's hot dog that doesn't rhyme There's my osus There's uh Neptune If I give you guys a word that might kind of sounds like you get it guys will do it Garage Guys guys garage does not rhyme with garage Swift says Swift says if you did not kill anyone leave the garage I'm guessing We're gonna change the rules of the game Swift says you're still getting away from the same award that rhymes with garage rhymes When I say that word the people in the garage will kill each other one of you will live Garage No, no, I say garage Mr. T they didn't learn You guys here Oh, I'm not gonna say he put on I've heard of being blood thirsty, but that's ridiculous Mr. T No way doclo didn't die. He said wouldn't you say garage killer Oh This is garage garage garage garage I said garage again. I didn't say garage. I didn't say the other word Garage there's other words that arrived like mirage There you go There we go Thank you all right Swift says please follow me All right, so just says police line up on the edge of the roof Oh All right, so just let's turn around Yeah, pay attention for this one Swift says if you don't have a clear view of me so just get to a part of the roof where you do So we all looking at windows Yep, so just yeah make sure you got good look at me I have to go our few rules for this one All right, so just says this wall has several segments one two three four five Your job will be to get on those segments And as equal numbers possible After the guys are shut all down I'll equalize the people in those segments using math A very powerful force So if this is go If you fall off to try again So it just says make sure in between the columns now on them. Thank you So it just says it's equal as possible Go away. Oh, I don't want to use math. I have to bring guy. Oh my god. Mr. 420 gun Two two everywhere come on Oh Now is there any possible way we could make this all equal Go away Cassie why don't you go My god I'm not moving wait you've moved again Oh All right you guys have 15 seconds 10 seconds for this out 10 seconds Seven six five four All right, we did it all right. That's a lot more people than I thought would be but all right you guys did a good job your job Now we're still gonna do some math This happens to be a Division You guys have we heard the term division through subtraction Me neither so does look at the person you're partnered with Me love Bad bad what he called an unciation there So after says crouch So after says stand That's get out of you now so after says jump Jump in melee Oh my god I made a mistake I didn't say so just jump in melee I All right great five players left 15 says follow me This has been a very challenging lobby you guys are or sharp listeners So it says stand on the fence that dying I assume it's Bob it's feasible So that shouldn't speak with her All right, so stop mccule man. I something to say in the middle of our recording go ahead mccule man If I can diffuse the bomb in the middle of the car can I rejoin the game I know I'm already dead. I know how to diffuse the bomb Thank you for your offer to re-sacrifice yourself mccule man Oh, we're good. Thank you. All right, so it says oh Cule man is complete delivering his message We're gonna continue the game for that Okay There are five you guys on this fence only two of you are getting off alive So it just says go into prone without falling off the fence So it just says you want to spread out for this one you can stand back up the spread out if you lean so does it spread out Then make sure in prone Give me a very unique mini game in that you're only allowed to melee while you're in prone You can get up the stand move around You can only melee once you go back in the front So it just says we fall off the fence you can get back on if I feel like you're off the fence for too long. I'll kill you I only want two people alive from this mini game But just as this mini game begins when I fire my gun one more time with the rules You can only melee while in prone You can move around and then go back in the prone if you'd like Trying to stay on the fence if you're off the fence for too long I will kill you Just as this game begins when I fire my gun I Wish I had some of this sounds like a dude Whoa what the hell kind of ranger that crazy Wow that was disgusting all right sort of says you two follow me we have a stevenator and bandit So it is you two follow me Yes Do a bomb to diffuse if it's still there All right It's a real simple guys So it just says I'm gonna diffuse this bomb the best way I know how But I need I need support The person who's closest to me And still survives Will be the winner of this game which says please position yourselves I don't remember by being on top of the truck you assume that means that you will live when I diffuse this bomb Oh Yeah, you got look like I've explained the rules the road the goal is to still be alive If you both live the closest person All right No problem 5 seconds 5 4 3 2 1 The truck explodes whatever But the truck is absolutely gonna explode bro What are you thinking it does All right bandit you're the winner And it wants to shout out GG's shout out to my twitch orange bandit user 9 I'm really got affiliate How you Yeah you can call it Nice Goob J There we go Nice Okay All right Nice Nice What was your strategy Michael man It's a throw same text and just look it Bro let's That's not bad What do you mean some text What You can't just shoot the mine Oh man It's a very good game guys All right All right can we give that orange bandit a shout out On twitch Oh guys thank you very much I was testing on this before The guys are clearly extremely sharp Enough to step up my game of tricky guys In the future