 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says it's Valentine's Day. Swiftress says Crotch if you have a Valentine today. I don't my wife's I have some other side of the world remember mode Valentine. Oh you mean like in person? No no no Swiftress says Crotch if you have a Valentine anywhere anywhere. Is there a Valentine that exists? Great. Swiftress says all you singles come on down. Alright don't worry guys. Swiftress says all you lonely folks you're safe. Swiftress says that over there's time to make these people who are happy and real like pay. You will pay for my lollipotent even though you're never responsible. No. You're not lonely. I love you wife. I love you wife is. No worry. Swiftress says all of you guys up over your lap shoulder to shoulder. Who does as you can stand up? Maybe like it. There are all of that. No. Let's make a watch. It's hard. There we go. I need to come back. My internet flash somebody for that. You need to come back. Say it. Say it. Say it. Say it. Come back. Wait. Yes please. Swiftress says come back into the game. Do I we have a special mini game for you? Alright. No. Alright don't worry. So guys Swiftress says everyone over here. You get to pick any Valentine you want over here as long as you're not taken. Go ahead. Go ahead. No no no no no no you don't like to picked me from the command of days. They blink that will only remember my hobby. I'm about to have a talk with one of the five and the And the ghost skin. Yeah, no one good. There's a couple of those games. I see Jen's Don't worry Dwight's white on his way Dwight you in the game yet not yet Is it this your cast? Okay, well keep it yourself. It's terrible. You got ghost warrior anyway. I'm gonna take this off Okay, we're just as hang on I'm gonna take this opportunity to Shout out my wonderful wife. She's surprised me with a little The only time to get while she was away. Yeah, she hid this in our home It was like I mean I was like yeah, go check the envelope. It's a very cute very cute Very much miss her very much. It's got a web it on it. Yeah, but that's that time for people to die All right So it just says you come with me. You're safe for now. What's your name? I Put this a sub stand over here. All right, so There's the way this game is gonna work folks The moment you crouch stab your partner Swiftress says crouch So this is all killers come on over your gift Get over here I didn't say swiftress says snap I always says for says crap Says every player with a kill make your way up over here My aim is this is off to why did it go to the person? Oh, okay, hey hold on is shadow I'm not getting compliant over here Swiftress says Das the cast shadow Corrito Phantom T. Allen Rascal isos what is up over here? Good all right Swiftress says everyone else. Please lamp shoulder shoulder down over here I Yeah Fancy me here on my list. Okay, hey Swiftress is stop talking. Thank you. All right. So does Dwight are you back in the game yet? Yes, I'm right here. It was Dwight SM come with me There this has both of you guys looking at each other All right again, you're only allowed to melee after you crouch So does SM. Did you just warm no? Swiftress says white if when I say crouch if you crouch fast in SM he dies All right What do you want you want you want to see my language of love? My love language Just stop moving Accept your fate. What's what if you want him to live all you guys do is let him crack before you okay? That's it crouch Now Every day may SM Okay Out of cure out out of cure acid Dwight we're gonna let him crouch first Well, Dwight was not gonna leave crouch first. So maybe leave it. Okay Now now unfortunately you seven made the mistake you know of of only you know of murder your partner I asked you to Just to crouch with switch or says and I asked you to stab the stab was was a misleading pre-swifter says rule um If you guys have any legal defense for for your actions, which says you may step forward and I can hear your case Yeah, I like that idea all guilty great all right you seven a little last person live live to each other Oh, no one shot Yeah, that's pretty good All right, so Unfortunately six of you will die But with a voice crack apparently One of you will will will get to live and we'll get to live the person who is the valentine of the live viewers on YouTube and Twitch right now I forgot to go allow a tick tock sorry tick tock All right, so each of you guys are going to go ahead and Say your name and and say something lovely to chat and and the viewers are gonna pick their valentine So name please I am I'm polite All right, let's see here. I'm trying to say no this can take too much time never mind It was a buddy. I was gonna. I was gonna make chat vote. I'm sorry. But shall give you no chance of a later on this can take too long You seven kill each other Oh You know I'm only gonna kill one of you guys. Oh actually, so just as everyone who was killed by these guys Rejoin the game. What's wrong about that part? Rejoin the game. Oh, thank god. Rejoin the game if you're if you are Don't worry. Don't worry you guys will have a chance to make amends with your with your ex valentine They're gonna walk through this once you rejoin the game walk up to the person that killed you The meantime you guys show where else have a little fun with you guys. It's just says all of you over here So does all of you over here get on top of this if you can all of you will not fit There he is there so without standing clever over you're gonna come in from above and might work. I am very clever We all make it Pretty good. It's like a pretty good The game please walk up one of your killers over here. I know that guy what I see if you're not sure you killer is you can ask for their name I Swiftress as freeze All right for the folks who has to go to top of this tourist information stand if you didn't make up So please let go over here. Don't worry. You're fun I have too much going on right now. I've got this mini game. I've got this mini game this mini game There's too much I did some resolve these I killed 15. I don't know who's in front of me right now With a oh it's like I have the pink Yep, that's me. Oh, okay I was confused your guys no longer here they left the game. Who was your guy? I had a red Black beater. They hit up. You don't remember the kill feed. What's your name? Oh Jesus All right, who killed panda to jump up and down if you can't panda Here's your killer right here. I mean your balance time. There you go Melody This makes no sense how come we have so many more people we have So we have a little love triangle going on here. Oh All right, so this is fun to part. I know I about it. It's sort of this is fun to partner Things have it at three some just fun to part Calm down All right now mind you let's go over the rules real quick just because you get killed by another player It doesn't mean you get to rejoin the game. It's just the way the game works sometimes you get killed by another player you die It's all for fun But bringing players in again here. This is a chance for them to survive again if They can kill their valentine for the game valentine kills them now if your valentine kills you a second time It's really messed up but they do get to stay in the game The swifter says look at the person across in front of you They're gonna try and kill you. You're gonna try and kill them This is no tricks this time. This is not gonna I'm not gonna try and fake you out of the doing it like you know wrong or whatever That's we already do that. That's that's old Whifter says when you hear me fire my gun We'll kill the person in front of you If you do that you get to stay in the game Into the next mini game Swifter says listen carefully I was just jumping down on a that was him jumping down Roll still in effect. Oh, I could have made that more fun. I missed opportunity. Anyway. I really wanted this shot All right, listen carefully Oh What Thanks mini game So much of the valentines that we killed just came back in the rest of his power literally heard about what Hey, you know, yeah, cuz I wanted I wanted to do a look at melee style. Okay. Yep. We're moving on for sure All right, we have four people up over here. So does you four stand up So it just says you two that were standing up. Please get off Yep, you and you It was you two let's get some names You valentines here and Attacker all right you guys We're kind of like you know a little greedy there you guys were in prone preventing people from getting on the On the tourist box man. Don't you think that's a little A little much So it says you two guys look at each other So it just says once three more people get on top of that tourist booth you guys will melee each other Yeah, you got the count All right, so it says let me pick three people apart to spate sort of the last three people look sort of this first three people with a crouchable part of spate All right, so does you you and you come on over All right, so does you three gonna top that tourist booth good luck Once the all three are on there you guys need to melee each other Can I rejoin on the person you are killed Yeah, sorry One Two three Oh, they fall for you Now one of the attackers is remember notes that the wrong person Wait, so the only those two can start each other best only those two yes Oh, there's only one on there now. Oh, not the homelander Oh, Jeannie welcome Yeah, come up don't cross no no no no no no What's all three are on there you two are letting them down all right you are on there I fell off I fell off oh oh oh oh No no problem so after says the three players has to go up there please get off So to Syrian hop back on Special treatment no, he said no don't worry. You know, it's my baby. I made bad rules if other guys fall off You automatically die there we go so does you three get back on rules resume so just as the rules are now back and play Two one more That's all three players are on there there we go All right Don't survive all right Oh, it says I won't please follow me Yeah, let's clean All right, so it says everyone on top of this fence please be careful. I don't want you to die All right, so it says I changed my mind so it's made to rejoin the game Oh, let's feel a little bloodthirsty earlier, which is why I said no So does on very on the very top there we go great all right, we get a good view here This method is glitching out hard today Swift says look to your right Oh, oh, yeah, yeah, I'm sorry, sorry, I close my eyes from here. I'm sorry. Oh look to your left Don't eat all messed up That was a fake one more Sir Sir are you riding out? Wait now that's the kid your band look no snitching I didn't catch him. I didn't catch him. I would have noticed if you went look They got away with it good job. Look no stitching. Please. It's my job to catch people unless I unless I request it all right cool All right, made to welcome back all right, Swift says you what's your name? Baffle just please stand still so does everyone else move as far forward as you can want a nice condensed line over here Someone's gonna fall off Don't worry you guys gonna love this Swift says look in that direction don't change direction you looking at So does doggy style I get to hear your family behind you brother sound absolutely wonderful or TV They would take they also sound wonderful, but please you thank you great. I try to tell them I got you Oh good. I got all right great guys gonna love this minigame Swift says keep looking in that direction In a moment I'm gonna ask you to do something that's maybe a little difficult So So just as if you fall off other direction you die So just as I'm going to walk backwards without looking backwards looking away from your current direction So you can't move backwards anymore. That means the person over here mage in a walk backwards and you're gonna hit the wall over there So you guys will all move backwards. So just as you're allowed to look down if you'd like though Okay, there you go. Yeah, you're not my I'm a complete monster yet. Yeah, all right great This is gonna be difficult Yeah, if enough people dials just cancel the minigame. I know big deal. All right, so just as carefully move backwards without falling off Yes, even great so far Welcome to watch guide YouTube welcome guys Hi, okay, welcome we're watching that twitch is there a way to turn off the comments on YouTube. I don't know Okay, so you know you should get know if you want to join our games you can join our discord The search Swift or discord on your favorite search engine All right, no one's died yet. Good job. Everyone's doing perfectly here. All the way back Sir you're like looking sideways look in front of you Thank you You're fine Yes, oh, you almost never get your recovery good recovery. I'm doing great Fox welcome How can you tell me that the wall you won't move no more look yeah exactly bro Yeah, I can't move back anymore. You may have done your job. Don't worry. Okay. You're very best. You guys are doing great better than best You Get myself almost there. We're gonna fit. We're gonna do this to completion Oh my god Please the rules have not changed yet. Thank you for complying All right I Won't fell off I'm a little sad who didn't hilarious I mean great So just as you can stop looking down So just as you can look in whatever direction you want great job sort of just give yourselves a a run of applause you guys did a great job Hey Great now kill one person In law for it All right, cool the next one's gonna be a little bit harder guys All right, so just as you can look wherever you want this time There's no restriction on which direction looking but you do have to make your way to the other end of this fence It's a pretty long way But don't worry you'll be moving in a faster way not running So just as please hop your way on the fence so just as we fall off the fence while hopping I will kill you so just as please hop your way to the end of the line you have a lot of time one minute good luck So just begin I'll see how this would have been your game right here Yeah No walking allowed hops hops only This guy's going to speed a light holy moly So people who use the slowest one for the for the backwards Absolutely doing great Keep on hopping keep on hopping up and up all off If you hope if you fall off just try and get back on without me noticing I'm gonna like the like the like this is doing good up I noticed Yeah, I noticed Almost there It just scares me You guys did a great job Again you guys an excellent job Welcome pretty sunsets welcome fins welcome everyone. Yeah, I appreciate the crowd on YouTube welcome guys All right, we have seven minutes left in this match And we have so a lot of players and you know the game is only over when there's one player left or if I make a mistake and everyone just dies This might be the latter This is a centric on Your challenge is to get to safety What is behind this silver spear Swiftress says the only route will be by Running in front of it you can come over here if you want you can stay safe over here, but you have to Get behind yeah, I guess you're safe as soon as it's as soon as you get over here or as soon as you get over here But you need to get behind the silver spear my recommendation for maximum survival you guys should all go at the same time But we'll probably happen to guys will go one of the time and all die Swiftress says begin No You can just avoid it All the spots That's pretty good pretty good pretty good. Well, so you guys survived. All right. Good job I Think it was a bad idea. All right, so it just says No worry the the center of guns up pointing at you guys anymore. Swiftress says please follow me We need the real attacker to win All right, we're gonna play a one more mini game with the centric on while I have it. Swiftress is everyone on this flower bed over here Oh, I hate it Swiftress says all you guys have to do is run in front of the centric on Loud done. But this is you have a you have until it expires. But this is go Oh Okay, why is nobody dead? It takes a moment to lie down Oh, okay, we last all right All right, so it just says that was way too easy. So it just says run circles around the centric gun Oh, so it says go Oh All right, please everyone watching remind me next time we do this is the circle thing that was so much fun All right, so what is the stop it's that is gone you can't run circles around it. I appreciate the intent though Thank you Spirit of the games, so does this please follow me all right. We have five minutes left and uh You guys doing great Yeah, I can't say hi to everybody while I'm on recording the episode guys. I do appreciate all your you're all here though between episodes though Uh, I'll be a lot more attentive the chat by the way our next game is gonna be a fun We're gonna we're gonna commemorate the feature to just remove from mon work. We're three they remove the um below-down drop field upgrade So we're gonna have some fun with that next round. It still works in mon warfare too. So we'll do it here You're gonna find out Today you are Ah, we're back at the Jeep All right, but this one I want to make sure the Jeep does not blow up switches back up Oh wait, uh, I like it close to it. All right, all right. This is gonna involve Some explosives, but I don't want the Jeep to explode and kill everybody this time So switch to says everyone aim at the Jeep at the Jeep There we go all far enough away. Yes, good. All right, blow up the Jeep. Please Fire They're good. They're very good I was lying I want the Jeep to blow up switchers. Let's get on top of the Jeep Is No, I think that's the point so I've got I've got two kids um One's three and the other one's three years old one's five months old and so I've been you know Over the years I'm gonna get better at like learning all these like nursery rhymes or whatever And one is one of them involves like A bunch of kids in a single bed and the kids are rolling over and pushing one kid off at a time Which I think is very brutal like why are you guys forcing kids off the bed to sleep on the floor? It's really mean Um, it's better suited for adults in college duty. Uh, some of the most you guys are adults So we're gonna roll one player off This Jeep one of the time Yeah, what nine of you guys on your great yep, so it just says pick one person to die If more than one person dies That things happen All right, kill only one player go You're so All right, I will shoot one of you all the way which will microsoft just so you know Wow, it's just killed in one player Oh I'm very impressed Wow, he really just killed it All right, it's just perfectly still Not the pancake Yes All right, there's a proxy mine under the Jeep it is possible if you saw where I threw it to like not triggering Swiffer says get to me without dying Somebody move Oh, okay, oh very good very good all right, Swiffer says get on top of the Jeep again without dying Oh Jesus, oh god This is last person on Jeep dies Don't go the right side of the Jeep Don't go on the wrong side it's Last person all right great All right, so the proxy mine did not do a great job Is that the fake attacker that died All right, we'll have a minute 30 left We're gonna play a game called fairy Oh To resist this fairy gonna come over and pick you guys up So does this please hop on So does this please get on so does if you can't fit on you're gonna die Be your best Yes, stay on the wheel suit Five Oh You go All right Great excellent Fall off kill them Minute remaining I don't know what we're about bro sort of says if anyone Anyone drops you're gonna die speak enough So does this shoot them if they fall off Oh my god I can't even see what's going on. Oh my god. It's FIFA No wait no Shut up on it all right All right, congratulations. That's not I did not think about that one for a second, but you're right that you You want the winner all right Made congratulations Yeah, man, what would it you know get a victory speech go for it I don't know I didn't expect me to win that Maybe either but you think you got to fall off Wait, so hang on when you when he fell off you you knew to think that hey Even though the thing expired. He he's not on the Wheels anymore. He needs to die Yeah, dude that is that's great. I didn't even think about that way to go man. That was a great great great great great great great great play Do you see great news? Guys Oh, that was enough for me bro bandit came killed wow congrats Good job guys All right guys please All right great game. All right. Let's get for our next match