 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says I've got some good news and I've got some bad news I think you guys are good news first the good news is swatress says the next few mini games will involve absolutely no one dying Swatress says follow me Oh I don't like this Guys guys why why why why why folks in the bad news Swatress says make two single file lines over here on this road facing each other look Look I met what I said sort of said there's no one's gonna dance this mini game This is gonna be all about fun all about fun All right You All right, so it says freeze All right, so this burger come with me man All right, so this one burger runs Past you you're gonna do a chess bump with the person across me for example galaxy and Bravo will run into a chess bump together All right any questions get sort of this burger run run ahead Yo, y'all that's some terrible chess bumps hang on so just go back to your spot Listen listen listen listen I'm gonna help you guys out so for bored come on come back over here man Let's do a demonstration galaxy Rablo When I say go you guys gonna run and jump and have your chess collage one one like I want to like a serious chess bump right? Yeah, yeah, I want a good one No, well maybe for a lady it'll hurt a little bit more, but this is a video game. You'll be all right All right, let's see your so galaxy Rablo switch says go ahead Well you guys bump before you jump so just one more time jump then bump Which is go All right, well, okay, no problem. Thank you. You're your series out there anyway, I'm gonna shot And we're gonna give it a shot all right, so let's get ready Sort of don't look at me look at the guy person front of you when you see burger running front of you then you can you go ahead so does burger run Well Well guys That was pretty bad forget all So does this follow me let's just open it out spot That was pretty bad All right, that's okay one of the things that they'll be easy, but guess not Swiftress says lay in the grass All right cool So for this mini game it's pretty simple Which is says Wrong to the south So we see Any moment any moment so does any moment I think it's gonna happen because this will be a safe mini game There is absolutely there you guys just having fun crawling together. There is no danger here at all This is this is good news and action I met what I said Guys are doing great In the last person is me panda manual and There's panda man. Do you know what the consequences are for that? Absolutely nothing says that you guys would be safe great, so just get up and follow me There you go absolutely no consequences. It was fun All right into into into the into mechanic shop So it says go into the mechanic shopping get on one of the two rafters up there Beams for the sea I Make some room folks Glad you're here if you want to join our games Join my discord server just search for Swift search online for Swift or discord just join in and we can join it All right five seconds five What is this phrase phrase phrase phrase phrase phrase So if you did not get on on one of the beams or just come on down Yeah Oh come on down it didn't make it Dangerous Dan get on down here not on that beam Alright and for two guys could not complete the challenge. What it says all of you guys down here take out your guns Swift says now go look at someone else's gun Says say one nice thing about that gun Follow me everybody good job. I don't want to die. I was just a funny game. No one's on I'm sorry. I'm very All right, so it says please once again form two lines of bridge facing each other So it just makes sure on the floor not on the on the gate. You don't want to fall off Swift says make sure on the floor folks the floor That's The floor You I am Later All right Swift says I need truth is I need a we have 31 players in the lobby right now I need 15 people on each side so let's let's I'll correct it nor it leave it to me 1 2 3 4 5 6 I'm not on 12 3 14 in one person I'm gonna take This race was actually please go to the side All right guys all right guys I like I said I Had good news. I gave the good news. We had some good times. I also have bad news. So does the bad news is Half of you are gonna die. All right, so let's begin sort of says aim at the person across from you Everyone gets one person memorize who they are I can tell you I'm gonna go ahead and tell you guys who your pairs are I'm gonna tell you who your pairs are So does no talking just much to memorize a person you're staring at so Trooper X-ray we got got trippy and and him we have stoner and galaxy we have T. Allen and stupid we have Syrian and Sam we have doggy style and Ted we got unholy ghost and And cam makes your point of the guy I'm talking to about that joy and unknown We got Camden and big dog we got gamer SG and dangerous Dan we got Dr. Finkel and Shadow demon yeah Bravo and Becca we have Panda and Burger we have Emmy and Dwight and we have Krablow and in fact show you might be wondering why would I spend so much time to make Your ass you know is choosing the right partner about explaining these rules Step one just take out a gun if you're not already that fires bullets So it says turn around that you're facing away It was face away completely have complete reverse here's something games gonna work Swift is says when I fire my gun You must stay in your spot you're gonna turn around 180 degrees and you're gonna kill the guy lose your partner That's it Sir sir sir sir sir sir You wiggling man you testing your sensitivity bro Can you help me take can you help me test my lethality is that a fair trade no Then sir I'm gonna ask it all the instructions keeping staring at direction so You're the rules yes, you're gonna turn around I'm gonna kill your partner before they kill you You're only allowed to kill your partner be killed the wrong person you die you kill more than one person you die So what else kills your partner and you don't kill them I'll forget that I bought later anyway This is listen very carefully my gunshot. This is the bad news And Swift just said stop it's time for the recap All right trooper did you kill X-ray Tripping did you kill your your yeah looks like you did stoner do you kill your partner? Stupid yes, I did Syrian Yes, I know that you're dead, but if you want to unwrap your twinking meet your microphone first all right unknown Cam then this all looks pretty legit to me now from the from the dead Same one will report any inaccuracies re kill by someone who is not your partner anyone One at times if you were killed by someone who's not your partner let me know one at a time All right one at time is a heart in the consider I understand but if someone else has talked before you you stop talking That's how much time so it says if someone has accused you come to the come to the South West over here with me to be Examined alright first all right here. I'll go. I'm gonna go through the list here really easily. It was way easier. All right. Let's see here hang on bravo. So does Bravo come on down Bravo will happen man you didn't kill your partner Why when I turn the rush was gone somebody showed up. What was your partner's name? Becca Becca Becca Becca Becca who killed you I believe it was shadow Are not shadow come on Sort of says Bravo go back Through to this who killed Becca come on down It might be the dead guy. I don't even know who I killed. I didn't see any name You didn't see any names the hack and all right. Let's go. Let's go. Let's let's continue here. All right Uh Jorai any were you killed by your partner? Yes, all right. I'm just gonna tell him. I'm gonna do it always so he sort of says when I say your name Just let me know whether you know if it was a correct killer not T Allen Yes, he went in front of them. I'm not happy about it. Sam Yeah, in fact shot Yes sadly and the man Fortunately Becca you were not killed by your partner correct No, it was shadowed Yeah, it was shadow To this shadow come on down bro. Yeah, no problem shadow. Who was your actual partner? Um You had one thing to remember something the one thing I said to remember Who was shadow's partner Doctor free think something Doctor, Doctor, Doctor, Doctor, Doctor, Doctor who killed you Uh, I got killed by the person next to me, which is dangerous. Damn Is the dance of a life? He's now he's dead. No, so so he mailed you then got killed by by his actual partner. I'm sorry about that man All right, let's continue on the list here All right, I want we need justice, right? Uh galaxy Yes, I didn't have an actual gun I know you have All right, X ray you're good Uh, no, no, no, no, I'm not good. You're not X ray You're you're not killed by your partner. No, he killed me my partner killed me, but I'm very hurt by this Okay, that's fair. All right big dog Yes, sir. Yeah, okay legit and not only ghost Uh, what's that? Yeah, I believe so Okay, so Shadow demon You made a mistake I believe everyone should get a second chance. What is the shadow demon you get a second chance Then you have to go well then you have to go no then you have to go through another 14 chances It's just a parabola you're not allowed to fire. You're the second chance. Everyone else is the third fourth and beyond So it just says yeah, shadow demon all you gotta do is run past the bridge without getting in shot So does everyone else to get to fire one shot at the floor? So it just says shadow demon go Oh I think that was a propane tank No, that was exposed across both bark but both bro. Oh, oh Bravo So it says follow me So it says it runs out the truck Bravo So just back to the truck police. I'll be your driver for today. Oh I'm not an epicent certain this truck cannot explode. So just take out again the fire bullets So just aim straight down Look if it does blow up and dying with you Are you just and we're good excellent. You see truck can explode everyone follow me Oh, so does this freeze So does sg please follow me So sg sg question for you man went what how often do you go on vacation? Did you say never once every other year roughly would you like to travel more often? Super sister to run. I know what you're doing Can we look at it please? I want to see it. Can we look at it? Oh my gosh Hi, I hope you guys try All right, so sounds like you guys were a little sad you didn't get to see it. So does this come on down I'm gonna give you guys another view Yeah, this is the new con uh conkskin I got to play I got to use a skin for about two hours two hours Or older than anyone else get a bugot to buy it all right, so just please lapse a little shoulder. We're gonna pick someone else to go on a trip On my favorite rocket All right, we're gonna play a game here each of you guys gonna give me a destination Uh for a trip a personally give me the location with the lowest average temperature Which I'm gonna guesstimate using my grand knowledge of places and their temperatures Will die sort of just get ready to give me a location beginning with you Syrian go ahead Uh Know the no way Did you know the don't listen to what I was saying sure next trippy Um, I'm gonna say barely just north pole You guys are not listening did not listen to what I said Next Malibu Thank you the someone god the memo next Okay next next Yeah next next Next Next Uh Ontario Sure, I select person who gives me the place with the lowest average temperature is gonna die Syrian and trippy really were competing with a lot the lowest temperature here Okay, I'm gonna trippy come on over Oh And artica's lowest average temperature by far between all those places All right, so it was the point of the direction where you believe and dark it is Is it to the south oh You don't need to mail it use your compass Yes, there we go to the south that's correct Oh All right, so this paying attention inside of the next question is good or hopefully you're picking it up to everyone's answers here All right now Last personally crouch when I said the name of the place with the highest average temperature will also die highest average temperature Ontario Norway Bahamas I'm is pretty pretty good. Yes. I was pretty hot There we go. There we go. I didn't say swifter says both you guys come on down There's a super Cooper come on down It's super come on down There's no one am I only the only con in the slobby I guess so All right, so this is all three of you please go to the front Oh, you guys are the whole truth Oh The River of us Takut I know I know these and so that's my favorite I mean I've been seeing the executions for the other Godzilla skins yet, but I'm very I'm I don't know how it's gonna beat that though. I assume God's it will be like you know pink radiation breath or whatever would just will be cool. I'm a big guns a little fan Sort of says there's a truck. This is a wall. So does this shoot somewhere on the wall stand on Pick your spot. So just says three two one Reese All right, you chose no occasions great. So I'll give you the hint at the next mini game involves the truck Chosen the spot three guns one of you know land on sort of says the last person the truck dies So just can't then please follow me Just can't then please stand over here So can't look at the circle on that building over there in the top one look at that Zero zero points Oh, wow, it will be until I get to only four years. I feel like this is the only way you're gonna Okay, now This one's even more dangerous folks. I've got a mosquito. I'm gonna use it. So does this stop moving? Actually, okay, I better idea. So does everyone follow me over here's too easy to survive Excused indoors. Yeah, they'll bounce off so the wall the excuse does respect the physics between the body and the environment So if it hits a treetle bounce off the tree hit off a wall it only bounce once or twice off the force You know drops pretty quickly, but what's neat? Here we go, so does this please stand with your backs and wall over here Look, I don't know who the mosquito drone's gonna go after So does the second He's the mosquito drone. Let me see what's up. What's a good indicator? So does this when I say go you can run for your life So does this do not run towards me Back to the space to go back to the space you go My bad, I don't have a mosquito drone. All right, everyone follow me You know Berger, please follow me, man. I'll send you in that direction. It says look just look at the water tower Oh, yeah Whoa Z Ryan with a $20 super chat Ryan. Thank you very much super generous man. Thank you, dude. This next one's gonna be for you All right, we have 40 seconds left. It's time to find out. I was gonna win this game Why she says the four of you guys come closer? So it says 30 seconds remain funnel up Oh, not walk away. So it says no prone allowed. There's no jumping allowed So it just aim straight up They shop sick tone when the timer it's 10 seconds kill the other three players three two one I don't say so All right, three way tie 3j You go up your half to your third to somebody else. JJ