 What's up everyone welcome to Swiftress says we're on the new map incline They give you guys vibes from older maps in the series, but that's brand new switches. Let's go take a tour It's up to his welcome to the research station All right, un-fact about the research station huh over here in a Swiftress says game one person dies Which is the person that crouch last died in the switchers at research check So does the last person crouch me Go ahead Please make way through the shotgun to be outside and I know I said you died inside, but that's not right Mirro all summer every I thought you'd go through the door is that a magic trick? It's actually just fully disappeared for me all right folks call me outside this door I Says Henry and medic I didn't say Swiftress says Henry's Henry medic please stand on this fence over here How I will be a meme person to says everyone else come on out Is that right there the how was that sicko did you miss the intro bra? All right, here's the rule of the game folks Apple what are you doing over there man? sort of as a apple Join these guys We want to be on the fence. I got you I don't play a little game here Sicko you two sort of sicko it'll look close these guys are we have four players for this mini game now You know anymore volunteers to die? All right, all right here's the way this game will seem to work to just as you guys over there that are crouched You're gonna try and push these guys off the map the last person alive wins which is us begin Oh Not a point man these are my Drop by me let me let me let me go. No, I'm gonna No, no She's Don't let this guy on his fellow twice now this guy's sheet All right, so it's you four if you focus you four must be That's what was happening. All right one more Damn I think I got I'm sorry I had the wrong guy Oh, what chaos The wall It's a medical with me man. I think you will be getting rice Did you say I didn't hear you say did you say so for Cesar not? I don't know least my over to the center of the gate man went over to a safe part that I did not specify sir And I Super slicer has a fast-ning story No, thank you Better you game the system man you went over there where you could be pushed off I didn't even realize it I'm gonna be honest. I thought I was gonna die Substitute you Swiftress doesn't want to follow me If it wasn't We just arrived and it's just that one piece of the fence of a sunroof. I thought you guys get pushed off It was the timer that killed us all So I still have died all right another dangerous game folks Yeah, two dangers for now. We'll say that for later Swiftress has continued to follow me Yes, sir If it says it's time for an emergency meeting It says everyone in the corner with the with the light Red is us Wouldn't be all these Sunday I would I would be in compliance with that all right last person to jump does Says sicko cool man and separat come on down. I didn't say Swiftress All right, so it says you three laps shoulder to shoulder to say the rest of you guys aim at these three dude gentlemen Please don't aim at me. All right, so it says you three kill each other This will be a questionable amount of correction time, but okay Swiftress says follow me Big can welcome I feel like you guys were contemplating life and death Wonder whether the other guys had a family to go back to after this mission was done. I don't know Maybe they were researching the meaning of life on the station Swiftress says up over here I know I don't know The Henry died All right minor challenge for you guys are simply a running jump situation Swiftress says observe We Ilprom there's a proximity mind down there. So don't screw it up Swiftress has last person on your dies go Damn it. Oh my god. I killed a lot of players. What the hell is that? I didn't make the jump That what you took like half the lobby with you Jeez I don't remember the last person was Like a guy would die Nope, all right, I didn't get the catch it was the last person to do the reverse last person back over here dies I gotta go you guys Gojita have a wonderful night Make sure hug your mom and dad and don't forget to recycle your cans He left Oh forget he didn't hear your beautiful message He heard part of it. Oh, I wish him luck I call it Swiftress says pick any spot on this on this rooftop I'm gonna drop a care package The only rule is both feet must be on tops make sure all both feet are on top of the top level the roof All right, five four three two one Swiftress says freeze All right, I believe it's RNG folks All right, uh Someone tell me to stop stop stop stop I'm sorry bandit I love you I think it's gonna hit my eyes I was all What is your pick yet all right Swiftress says Surprise let's look at the stream. So what does that you guys follow me Don't spoil the surprise I'm surprised only before I'm kind of really destined what surprise is what I can't find out when I be done All right, let's see next challenge Like I said, follow you Swiftress says everyone backs to this uh work these broken windows over here All right, here's your challenge clips All right All right, Swiftress says without leaving the metal grading over here the metal pathway Uh, we're gonna do a little race Last person to touch the wall if he won on it dies ready set go Swiftress says no Go That's for you Oh You know what shows your drive to win Ready set go Damn it. Oh I'm not all right I'm not all right I'm not all right I'm not all right I'm not all right That was way man. I was actually doing it that time. That's too bad Swiftress says go Shotgun and jayman Oh shotgun That mean jayman just one Shit That feels anti-climatic Swiftress both of you guys come with me She's a pretty nice jayman you will have a huge advantage Shotgun you will slide I'll use a gjman to win at that point Sure, it should be a massive video through court Look man, I'm not satisfied with that as standing just cheap I got I got to test the stuff myself though except if you like can I stand this wall without falling off That was fine with the jayman A little trick not fun enough All right Here's all the games gonna work Oh Shotgun you must run around that a hundred times before it expires begin Better hurry one Oh Ten You know my system is too hot for it Are you guys are counting great as was jayman I said I would give you an advantage man If you have a stun on you or smoke you're allowed to use it for this mini game I don't you don't Would you like you can let me know when to use mine if you'd like oh Absolutely wow Oh Nice there game chat now we're later i think i'm like 70 no 62 60 grey yeah we'll tell later it's all good yeah it's just ok so does this j-man offer number two? if you want to try and block and you can alright 76 oh 78 no both of them i see pretty good towards it yet 86 88 99 91 91 now more times 93 94 96 97 99 99 alright that's it no no no no no i did 100 i mean i didn't make it possible you did 100 but you faced with this as my intention was not to stop the physical rejoin the game you did the challenge you paid your price the finale is going to be yes the finale is going to be a little bit a little bit different let me test this out myself real quick ok it's doable it's very doable yes i got a challenge for you guys sort of says shotgun over here please and um yes and j-man over here sort of says go sort of says do everything i say for the rest of the game i'm not going to try and trick you guys you're more simply a challenge now cool so if you try and walk along this fence and you hit the sign it may push you off sort of says if you fall off the gate you lose automatically you'll be one mainly only there is a way to get over the sign when that falling off you're dead sort of says begin get away from the other guy if you want try and scoot around it would be difficult if you fall off oh wow juxtaposed walk you should go to the beach and I'm going to have an early shotgun plan for running past and didn't plan for what happened after it after everything that's happened j-man deserves that win i was so impressed that he got past about j-man because i could do it j-man technically won two times three times actually three times there was one of the time yeah we got three we met she got that win all right congratulations j-man what's your victory speech shout to you this up there for the games you do and x-meat point j-man chat that was uh dude the fight you ran past that man that's a victory on itself i'm not even surprised i thought it would fall off you did the first one oh wait i guess run past it then you just zipped over and then j-man was like oh good we've been i didn't expect this i thought the knife was supposed to have like a top of the lunch it didn't have gold lunch at all are you worth?