 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says Swiftress says only do what I say when I say Swiftress says So should you jump right now, crouch right now, nah So let's begin Swiftress says I'm gonna everyone shoulder to shoulder There we go Now this is not my first recording today We did a game earlier and I tricked everybody by saying something like Simon says jump And some people jumped that time they didn't this time This is why I can't do This is why I don't do two games in a day Because people have learned they've like they've sharpened their senses They know the only do things when I say Swiftress says For example, Swiftress says take one step forward You see they did that But if I say take one step back They won't do it If I take say Swiftress says take 0 steps forward Swiftress says turn around Now this is where you will get rewarded for having a fast sensitivity Sorry to advance if you play on low sensitivity like me Discrimination I know Alright Last person will look at me dies There's only person to turn around Oh no Oh no Someone around here Swiftress says He wasn't Swiftress says I'm going to give you a chance to survive Swiftress says turn back around You see that police truck over there? Swiftress says if you can touch that police truck and come back alive You've redeemed yourself Swiftress says begin You did it! Good job! I thought we were going to die Wow Nice What did you think is the fault? Oh man if you can do it Oh he had his knife out Yeah some of you guys would die Alright good job Alright Alright where was I? Oh yes Simon says last person will look at me dies Oh it is against Sir Oh Swiftress says he is going to be over here Oh my lord Is it door gourd? Uh, attack Your name please? Crablow Crablow Alright Crablow I asked him to touch that police truck and he didn't successfully I'm going to make it just a little bit harder for you I want you to touch the back of the truck Which is a little bit further away and come back alive Swiftress says grab low again Oh! Oh! Oh! I thought you were going to die I thought you were going to die I thought you were going to die I thought you were going to die Oh, towards thank you very much Oh I just disappeared Loud Yep Great Alright everyone follow me Oh What does that spawn? You'll be the last person to do this in the game I don't want to wear it out too much but it's much fun Swiftress says what's your name spawn? Hehehe Beast What does that beast come with me, man? You're a veteran, sir Alright, this is beast We'll propose something for you to touch the return, man I'll let you know whether I prove or disapprove Like, choose your own adventure deal So I choose Yeah, I mean, well you get the proposal and I'll prove it or I'll deny it What about that road barrier? Right, but right now it's it Yeah, I like that, I like that Swiftress says do that and survive and you guys Swiftress says go Deadly tail bro No, he's dead He did it! There we go! There we go! Good job, good job You see, picked a risky one Out of crab low die I feel like he died way too early there I think he's got a slide in your arm You got to fumble with the slide back there Alright, Swiftress says it's my turn around It's a barrier too Alright, Swiftress says make sure you're in a part of the line that has a line of sight with me So just spawn, you can go back to your original location Alright Alright, can I do this with this many people? I think I can That's good enough Alright, we're gonna do the same, we're gonna do the action, do the game by talked about Swiftress says if you'd like to change your sensitivity now, you can Swiftress says crouch, everyone crouch Swiftress says stand back up once you're done making any settings changes you'd like to make If you feel like Swiftress says if you're ready to go, you can just stand up There are adjusting, I'll let them Alright, let's wrap up those settings guys There we go, good, Swiftress says we're gonna do 360 Let's see what your speeds are like Do like a 720 Alright, good job Swiftress says look away from me Perfect Swiftress says the last person looking me dies Look at me dies Oh wait, you guys all okay? Swiftress says look at me, that follow me Oh man, everyone can hear me guys Oh wow What can you see? Look at that, we have one gentleman who did not move at all So what's your name? Mr. T, Mr. T, I want to salute you for not moving at all I saw you moving, it's alright Okay, it's okay guys Swiftress says lap, should I show the rigour again? I mean to be fair, I just want to look at the reaction I didn't really get the reaction one You don't understand among us, we're gonna play six hours of among us this Saturday It's gonna be... Six hours of pain Alright, it's gonna be very interesting Alright, so someone here is gonna die There's an odd number of people left in the game Swiftress says you must remain in your current spot So just look at the person next to you in the eyes If you have no partner you die Swiftress says you're allowed to convince the person next to you to change your mind if you want Ss, Tickr, a Tacker, turn around Oh my Jesus I'm just gonna do this for you man Cute couple, cute couple, cute couple Swiftress says you're coming with me I heard so many pull in a grenade Oh come on man So many pull in that a grenade Oh man, he rejected you, wow It's still with me, yep, that's alright Alright, you know what? There's an even number of people after all, man mistake So you two guys are a couple Alright Yep, what's that man? Alright, melee your partner Don't do it I did that last time Who said don't do it? I almost did That was close It's not like I said Swiftress says close That'll react your time Alright, this is gonna be a team effort guys Last team to stand dies Somebody stand That's so unfortunate Alright J-Dog, it's okay Got a lonely heart out there Hmm, oh no Alright, let's see, see We do my very best to get everybody in my view I wanna make sure I'm clear with this There we got everybody now Last couple to go in the prone dies Good job Swiftress says First couple to stand up dies Swiftress says Last couple to go in the prone dies Bro You almost got us killed Swiftress says you and you Come on over You go half a second Alright, Swiftress says what's your name? Molly And your name? Oh, there we go Oh, there we go Alright, there's two Alright, man, that was a bit of a lay there Dude, you were the last person to go in the prone Maybe have high latency Let me take a look here Let's see, old Swiftress your name Alright, let's see Your latency is Look at this list here What's your name in the game? I'm UE Hang on here Hang on, I got you I got you UE UE got a ping of 220 Yeah, you're gonna have the highest ping in the lobby That's no wonder you're dumb The last person to crouch I forgive both of you You should not be punished for where you are Like in the geography Both of you guys, please go back to the line We'll do something else Ah, you did, that's cool Alright, yeah, I'm definitely gonna punish you So what does it both of you guys, look at each other Oh my gosh Oh my gosh I'm gonna rip this a martyr Alright, you know what? What else do my mom say? Look with your eyes, not with your knife Alright, I only worked out monthly, do I? Okay, great Alright Last couple to stand up, Dice Swiftress says Swiftress says, second couple to stand up, Dice You fall, you killed us both What are you doing? You know, actually, you guys were actually out of my view Well, you guys were the first people to stand up Yes, I had no choice He killed us both, somebody stand up No, you're not dead No, you're not dead Second couple You're the second couple Oh Alright, let's do it Alright, let's do it, you two guys, because you two guys are safe Everyone else though, you're just gonna be way more dangerous for you guys Let's up another roll Swiftress says, the next couple to stand up We'll die Swiftress says anyone who's not standing up by the time the tower goes 30-250 We'll die There's seven seconds left Alright, we'll be 50-1-5 Three, two, one A lot of you guys taking your goddamn time, stand up We're like seven seconds behind here That was terrible I don't like any of that, that was bad Be fair, you said 30-250 It was like 30-1-5 Okay, you're right Swiftress says everyone go into prone again, Swiftress says you two on top of this vehicle You know what, you know what? Swiftress you two on top, they wanna be technical, let's be technical Oh, hold Two please, they're you guys are safe Oh, oh Great Alright, let's do it this way Alright, Swiftress says, even till 30-50, stand up Swiftress says the first couple to stand up, we'll die Nine, eight, seven, six, five I'm not counting anymore A lot of y'all, it's up real late I think half you just have to die, you know what, screw it Sort of says two single file lines Yeah, we're not taking this seriously We ain't way too long to stand up It's time for division Oh, wait, this Swiftress says two single file lines This is a circle guys, come on Yeah, it's a tealant imposter right here Very confusing Alright, I'll give you guys two options, option one Stay in the current mini-game where half of you will die Option number two, Swiftress says if you'd like, you can opt for mini-game column B Which will be a game where if the word out of bounds like we did it earlier Sort of says you want mini-game B Sort of says come stand in the back of this truck over here Two bridge Yeah, I want it There we go Be well on the mini-game B Okay, going out of bounds Ah man, I could go out of bounds Easy Okay, you know it's not the same mini-game right Most of you guys are going to die Alright, there's only three in three of you guys Swiftress says One person crossed from you Fire Oh, no Oh, no I wouldn't cut it Swiftress says you four, join funk in the others over there Oh, wow Yeah, I'm up on the table playing Oh, you guys, welcome to the out of bounds mini-game Swiftress, allow all of you guys follow me Yeah, out of bounds Out of bounds Alright, great Swiftress says you get as close to out of bounds as you'd like right now But if you die, you die There we go I'm going to give you guys an object You'll have to touch it and come back That player is going to appreciate you doing a little bit of snitching Alright I'm going to give you guys an object You'll have to touch it and come back Alright, Swiftress says look, there are four cones The cone on the left is number one The cone on the far right is number four You get it Swiftress is the next thing I say is a number of one of those four cones We'll touch that cone and return The last person to return We'll die One One Two Three I got one You committed two crimes, you did not touch the cone You were last Oh my god You freaking serious Oh my god I don't think all of you guys touched the cone I know I did, you can watch my POV I don't want, I want to send you out again to die Swiftress says it's time for round two I'm not satisfied with that performance Swiftress says lap shoulder I will be giving you guys a cone number once again Good to get last time, no more Please be in there before You're fine You've been out of there for a while, it's reset Alright, great Swiftress says when I say the number of the cone You'll go touch that cone and come back Last person to come back We'll die One I just heard No, I went to the same place Sorry, sorry Which number cone did you touch? I'm staying here It went to number four bro You went to number four Swiftress says when I follow me Please I got this on the slide At least in the field, it's about to reach the same place I'm going to I miss slide cancelling Have you got Chipotle in yours? I like Chipotle almost Exclusively for the case ideas now I don't go too often I like the case ideas Wasted Dillars Swiftress says that's the kids meal bro Does everyone inside? You want a legit Legit case idea Hi everybody One two three Okay, we have Eight seats sir Swiftress says back up over there Say where you are, you picked your spot Swiftress back up Two three four five Eight nine ten eleven Great, you have eleven of you Only eight seats, that's perfect Three is an acceptable number of deaths I'm going to leave the room When you guys hear the shot, you will get on a seat And whoever is not on a seat On themselves, we'll die Sir I did not say that's what to say Swiftress says Alright Can you give this body off the chair? That chair is not permanently occupied We're down to seven chairs folks Oh no Swiftress says that's the one that's the wall To the wall sir That is not sir Sir, no Sir, on the floor We have one two three four five Can you get on the floor, the chair is blocked Ten people Alright, so we have seven chairs here remaining but another chair just got occupied Does this chair count in this corner? And then we're in the desk So I don't think that counts Alright Swiftress is pretty extremely careful Swiftress says you must be in a chair by yourself And alive in that chair The chair behind the desk does not count Which is this go, good luck Goodbye How the fuck That one killed people with the last game and it killed the body What the hell is he What the Oh my Man there was Who do we have left? It's Steering Ben and Steepers We have left Look at the room We got names We'll get the handyman on it It's Geo-Syrian Ben and Steepers Left Sir, no need to mail it Alright, Swiftress says you four follow me It's finale time Yeah it is Swiftress says go inside the truck Like I said It's in a Tiana Impusters I've got all my kill streaks Oh three attackers Not the test ground Oh no, you killed me Oh no What's that What Yeah attackers dead No, no What do you mean What do you mean What do you mean What do you mean What do you mean What do you mean I'm looking at attacker number Ah guys Silence please, thank you In check it out It's Wilson, everyone hop on It's a new whip It's your personal Swiftress says hop on the wheels Oh God Oh no Someone falls off the wheels and kill them. Go bunny. Alright, first challenge. Bully the bunny attackers. Sorry man. Sorry. We got rid of that. It's okay and over. I went this. I went this. Oh, no. No. Oh, no. And it's serious. Serious. Serious. So what was the Syrian get off so I can safely dispose of this? You didn't say you should have to test. Hey, did he? He's a luck swan alive. Doesn't mean anything. The dance of those mini games I can't really see what's going on when I'm in Wilson v. I just saw a couple of people fall off and he jumped back on and then. Yep. Alright, Syrian, where you at? There I go. Syrian, congratulations man. What do you think of that last scenario there man? I always win those. I mean, so. What? I didn't win. Very humble as always, Syrian. What's your shout out? Copy that. That's everyone on the first. Oh. I thought I could go for it. Yeah, shout out, drags. What? What? You guys are so weird. This is Syrian. I'm so confused. Alright. DG. That was so goofy. So good.