 What's up everyone welcome to Swiftress says to persist get on this uh sugar cane Thing over here What's a machine that crushes sugar cane into sugar rates of sugar machine? I don't know I don't care here. I feel like it's it's a grind Sugar cane You can tell sugar cane if you look at at the look at the inside Anyway, you have five seconds five or rate two one zero. So it says freeze. You know what? I'll accept it if you're off the ground So it just says tetra please follow me So it's a tetra You get a second chance bro. What you gotta do is get on top from any side just off the floor from any side with in 10 seconds ready set go Oh So after says go 10 9 8 7 you fell off sir 6 5 4 3 so does that sir follow what's your name? Every eight what happened mesh don't push don't you push You didn't want to make you didn't want to make it everything get back on there Uh, no, I would like you push me. I'm not pushing Back up there man All right, so as you can tell perhaps my voice a little bit more or scratch than usual is this over you so I'm not looking for this to be a long game proof That's C4 you have 10 seconds run for your life 10 9 8 sort of just a stop Just sir Sir who tried to run. Yes, just come on down Army you Like to run we're gonna test you over here You know race against one player And the loser of that race is gonna die saying I'm gonna find you someone race against which is please stand right over here What's your name by the way? Uh Goku. Goku. Where's Goku? Please please stand right over here man start something that spirit energy. You may need it great All right, great. I'm gonna find your opponent All right last person crotch races against them Or if you crouch and I missed it about the thing anyone did All right, sure Swift or says last person crotch races Hi, come on down. What's your name, dude? Evil Jimmy evil Jimmy. All right, great. It's time for the great race So it says both of you please follow me go. Can we evil Jimmy? I Hey pick a spot. That's a bit more fair. I am here. Yo, so it says both of you guys back to this wall All right, great. You got a pistol you got knife knife. Maybe a little bit faster. You know what? It's all about the route for this one The race is as follows It'll be the first person Get on this corner right here That's it first person lives second person dies after says go It's time to go you I go cool show on what you got Hey, come on boy run This was a hard one to determine just kidding. Go, go all right Evil Jimmy What do you think was the secret you success there? Speed I am speed nothing to do with the knife absolutely not no no no Oh, yeah, where was I? D4 five seconds run for life five four And you guys have nerves of steel All right, I want to play a game Which says everyone aim your gun straight up But I'm what you do See for once I toss it over you Do you believe you can fire at see for once it's in the air? We tried this with rockets it did not work Listen listen you can who said they can't you can You definitely can yeah, so it says Henry that's actually So Henry come to me man I said Henry and Ray you just you just placed the bet I'm sure sure look look I'm just gonna toss in the air and if they blow it up you're the survivor I'd toss it and it doesn't blow up you just die good deal great deal Yeah, all right here we go here we go. I'm gonna stay with you guys you know what is if it blows up then you live you win the game All right, so just as when you see the c4 in the air fire at it get ready row No Now why are you doing? Why would you actually shoot? You don't You gotta kill everybody Henry man I tossed it up and and and they shot know what's that No one shot in time everyone shot late You're bling you're blaming it on their accuracy you're blaming it on their accuracy If they shoot it if they shoot it they're gonna die So that no problem no problem so so hang on you're so you're saying if you were shooting you would have hit it No problem let's find out all right Swiftra says evil Jimmy returned to the car you the the players right don't worry Here's what we're gonna do man I'm gonna toss my c4 on that white car over there. Oh you gotta do shoot it There we go yeah if you no no no when you stand over here We're both gonna die all right here we go So just as is that the weapon you want to use? Yeah, okay all right here you go skill shot We're snake shots the one there No shot you got oh you snake shot I mean he was right it woke to anything It's C4's little bit hit him with half a hit box to get hit out the air All right Swiftra says bunker in charge Who? Funk is Oh no Swiftra says Swiftra says Henry you can rejoin the game Yeah you're in charge it's funks us go ahead funks it's funks is now If you'd like to pass to somebody else you absolutely can oh I got an idea I got an idea I got an idea I got an idea okay funks says everybody left shoulder shoulder man right here in front of me I got an idea right here right here right here right here right here You know I am north side by the car Don't go on top of the car just so they can see Don't says I need a teammate funks says if you want to be a team I didn't You know what can I Funks says funks says if you want to be by teammate come here come front and center All right so oh wow this y'all don't even know what the what the deal is okay So all right floor there's homie y'all here one two three four five six That's circling me okay we're gonna make this simple Funks says the people that wants to be my teammate come over surround this car Uh-oh Volunteers never never have good luck never volunteer All right so yeah you regret your decisions because you had no idea what I was about to do here So uh fun says these these commands aren't applied to the people at this car pick a partner Guy with the shield real cautious right now You know what funks says I'm gonna I'm I should I should kill everybody because I didn't say funks says but Picking partner bro. Yo, I said just pick a partner, but y'all picked a partner funks says pick a partner I didn't pick a partner. I was looking at the car funks says funks says look up funks says look up funks says switch to your secondary So says melee I don't know how they have bro wait wait wait what are you doing what are you doing shotgun what are you doing folks is mainly oh my gosh Oh wait you said folks is midday didn't you You didn't say me You didn't say me I don't know what you know what's so fun What do you mean we both will people with the partner The partner I didn't say me I don't know No no no no no no no no no no no Shotgun shotgun actually got it right I didn't expect shotgun to win that I really thought I need one partner Okay, all right, so this is gonna be And shotgun says this is how this is gonna work. We're gonna split this into two teams folks says we need to split this into how many people here? We're gonna split this into two teams right now Oh, how about this if you want to be on my team folks says go to the left if you want to be on shotguns team folks says go to the right You gotta make this simple All right The people on my says should be on the car We got one two Fonsets to your left only ground Thank you one two three four five six seven eight knives shotgun how many do you have Let's see one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve Be sure a one-pearl let me be counted by two Hurry up. This is a free. 12 Let's see one two three four five. Yeah, I think it's well. Yeah, it's in one over. We'll just do it that way just say one over All right, so the body is working. He already was this is all right. All right. I have my team shotgun has this team It's shotgun says for his team. It's fun says for my team. This is how it works shotgun You have three ways to confuse someone on your team if for them to die if they don't die Someone from my team gets to kill someone from your team on my side. I have to make sure I kill somebody on my side If I don't do it somebody from shotgun side come on my side and kill one of y'all it could be random We'll just have you will Jimmy's like nah. No, thanks man I'm sorry to ask you are really confusing me. Look look he's gonna go over it again. Don't worry man. Look Look all you gotta do is do exactly what your leader says that's it I think when they say that's it. You piece of cake. Yeah Yeah, all right, and if you don't if you don't confuse a body on your side then that person from the other team will kill the other person You'll see you'll see is on you'll see Oh shot good fun you go first to demonstrate. Yeah, shotgun you go first to demonstrate. Oh, I want to go for all right Funk says everyone on my side line up shoulder shoulder Funk says look to the left No, your other left man. What are you doing up there you go buddy? Funk says you come out here You know you messed up Funk says you come right here I messed up. I know. Yep, you stay right there. Hey shotgun your turn. I already got mine. I'm All right My team shotgun says so do the soda fleas The best you can yep Sock says last one across dyes Oh well damn Yo at Saka says you Okay, yeah, I believe it's you you going up there. You was the last one to cross Henry man Henry good luck All right, Funk says aim your guns at the people on the car Hello, shotgun says aim no no no I got three Oh No, I yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I already y'all's I how fuck I'm how to do this Funk says Funk says crouch damn Ah, I didn't trick nobody in three rounds. All right, your go that means uh If you don't shotgun stand Saka says look at a partner Saka you don't have a partner. Don't worry. Just pick a side. You really heard in my brain. You got this Oh Was that too you want to know no go go go got one more you should be counting. All right Okay, sock says don't mainly All right, it looks like one person from your team and my team dies Everybody aim at the people on the car Yeah No, it's funny because Somebody's your dead bro Exactly tag team doors all right I guess this is last round this last round That's about all right suckers says get on that car running call it behind you Yeah Saka says say one nice thing about one person on the car like your camera You got a bird in my office. You're jerky really right in your eyes very nice face sir. Yeah, we're really nice shorty Now for the most important part congratulate swift though on hosting this game as he is very awesome I'm dead. I'm not I'm a host That's Who said love you swift who said love you swift come on. Saka says come on now. Who said love you swift? No one was no one wants to come now Shotgun says right him out. Oh I don't know I don't know if you have that picture. That's that's the other one this overla Yeah, that's all when it's not welcome. I'm a pass to you. Yep. All right shotguns says stand up Oh Oh, I can call you I call you Hey, folks says both of y'all get on top of this car right here Shame, shame, all right, folks says my team. I need y'all to go mix up with shotgun team. Oh folks says go to shotguns car Last command folks says the people on the car I'm about to throw a drill charge Oh, I don't know who's going to live, but somebody's gonna get stuck with it Your objective is to kill the other person before you die folks says go Oh, wait, someone survived. Oh, he just survived. Well Oh Made it shallow. Sorry, bro. I don't know how but it worked. Hey, good job. I should have been in you know what I should be a third person I could have caught that Jay mommy. All right, I'm gonna direct you Hey, good job shotgun. All right shotgun. You can fall back in. I appreciate your help And who was this again? I'm sorry. It's that command echo. Hey appreciate it. Hey, good job. You can fall in as well Ah false says you can follow everybody follow me falsace follow me That was fun that was that was fun fun Now you want to see the yellow part of my shotgun says I Got a challenge for y'all here we go. Ah, okay. Well, we'll see There's some people going to die here. Well, didn't work. Watch out. Watch out Folks says the first person last person to die through this window dies. Folks says go You got a dolphin died. You can't jump. So that's new if you fail if you fail you gotta go back stop blocking the window if you didn't Don't move if you didn't doffin die. You better go back. I'm looking up good. Dude, I can't do no I'm looking yo y'all need space. You all need space. You can't just sprint for like a meter. That's it. Hey, back up back up y'all back up almost Oh my god Hey, no, go back sir. Yeah, go back. Yeah, too. Go back. It's a new nice job. Oh my Move out of the way. Let's go people move. I'm belly bumped off. Oh freaking with You know what I'm gonna give it you know what I did it. I did it. You know what I'm counting down You ain't gonna make it then good job, Snoop five four three two one. All right. That's it All right, folks says everybody that's up there that didn't make it come downstairs here I mean is that yeah one of these guys four yeah four that works folks says get on top of this Oh, it's another one what this is five Cain this Cain thing here folks says just in there there we go All right Fult says when he states a verb You will kill one person On this Cain whatever this is He All right, Fult says the game has now started for these people here Steve Damn Wait a minute That's an adjective sir. Oh who are the two people that just murdered? Yee killed the second motor. Yee could first motor. Yee Yeah, I'm Equals one of them. I was to victim. Yeah, I don't know who was the other it was I am I'll say I'll say it's kill you You yeah pink gun pink gun pink gun pink gun. There we go. Yeah, that's great. Oh Oh, well, you had also had a baton so that was easy to decipher Oh my goodness. All right, let's see What about Hmm Travel Fult says dummy. This is not for you. That's for him. He's on the car. Why me? Amy come here come to me come to me Wait, wait, didn't even Jimmy leave the game Evil Jimmy. No, no, no, I just Jimmy. What does Jimmy Jimmy? Oh Didn't evil Jimmy die? Yeah, evil Jimmy died earlier in the game Jimmy. What happened man? Hey, so I'm gonna come back Oh, they were Jimmy No, I didn't say no one said to come back. No, not you not you the um Who's the other one that you're doing with oh shotgun shotguns when you come back He did I'll go swing just because you're dying anyways, so go ahead whatever whatever Hey cap I think cam is the one that died if you want to you can come back Jimmy go up there Evil jim well go go Jimmy's folks. That's Amy. That's Amy. That's Amy. All right, who's this in front of me? Who's this with the bloody? That's Amy. That's Amy. Oh, Amy. Amy I'm so confused Amy go up there with them. I didn't just kill anybody. There is a way to unconfuse everyone. Yeah, that is Yeah, you know what? Just go up there folks says go up there. We've got I got four people again All right going back to verbs play folks says play No shot no shot That's a verb guys. It's a verb. There we go. Thank you. Oh my god. Oh shit about that I don't want to lose my mind. Folks says follow me I thought math was hard to do the five numbers Just don't do the part number thing. We just go cost of that language is hard. Oh folks says I need people on both sides of these Whatever these are these Thank you columns. Yes on the ground On the ground on the ground. No in front of the columns, but on the ground. You getting front. Yep. There we go Uh, you didn't see fun says on the ground the first time. I'm not that folks says get behind the column over here. Okay. Okay. Yeah behind the columns behind the columns like right here Yep behind the columns behind the columns. Oh, this is gonna be amazing. All right. So I want two people on each side if you can if not then That's gonna suck Don't figure it out. Ash move to your left If people on each side of columns. Hey, here you go. I'm gonna help you out. Hey, uh, uh pumpkin head I don't know who you are. You can come right here. There you go. Funks says that'll work Funks says look at the person across from you if you don't have someone across from you then you might be lucky Okay Okay, right here. Funks says Pilate your secondary Fire Funks says plot your primary Funks says jump Funks says the last person that goes to crouch You You are very very Anches, what you Sniper Hey, you know what? Funks says I didn't say that but you go ahead and cross before I can complete the sentence You know what you can be the first victim. Funks says come here Funks says everyone point their gun at a 45 degree angle stoop down You are going to be the first person to hop across here and hopefully you live and make it to the end of this area You think you can make this this what happens when you don't listen to the entire command next time you might listen Well, maybe if it wasn't pointed like Spyper no Shriff it even says strippers in trouble. Oh, I'm so sorry bro. I'm so I want you to look this is there's no way in hell. This is 45 first Well, you know what they might not shoot nobody nobody five. They might not shoot they might not shoot. It's got it's got This is 45 they might not shoot Hey sniper I just trust trust in the process just trust in the process sniper sniper Go funks says go Do they get one shot Funks says go sniper So you trust in the process hey We got a new contestant funks says I saw that come here Hey man hold on which one of y'all was it Alex styles talc styles yeah, yeah, funks says you come here You get to do the same thing because funks says and then say fire Funks says Everybody else can shoot two shots Whenever he starts funks says Alex time to go funks says go Oh Almost made it Hey, anybody else think they can make this Funks says if you would like to you can uh, you know Volunteer yourself or I can volunteer you No no volunteering okay Funks says look at the partner across from you Across the aisle human yeah, I say across from you right I think that the same thing I'm just making sure Funks says eight met their arm What have you done ever Funks says You say what now what have you done over front of this obviously uh well you just got lucky funks says jump Funks says crouch Funks says go prone Funks says fire Funks says stop I want to see if you could shoot across that I guess you cannot we're not gonna do that I was going to do a little game, but it's not going to work Funks says follow me Lucky guy I saw that bro. I saw you Yeah, you know who you are We have no no no no you right here right here right here right here Okay, anybody got a proximity bar I don't do Oh yeah! Alright, always got one. Alright, so, folks say it's people that got proximity behind. Please come right here. Folks say it's come right here if you got proximity behind. Okay, first person. I need one person. Folks say it's one person. Not one person. There's like five of y'all. Come follow me. Person number one. You got a point amount, man. They're all going to follow you. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, so you right here with Yorazariya looking like a wookie. Back up. Alright, I'm about to back up and go over there. Put one right here where you standing at and just back to hell up. You got one. I do. But one here. Well, stand right here. I'm about to lock away. The other guy's still there. He hasn't moved away. Alright, you need to come back once you drop it. I'm going to wipe it. Oh, you didn't say funcest. So, just wait a minute. I'm going to drop it. So, I can drop it. Folks says you can drop it. Alright, I need one more. Funk says. Y'all need to back the hell up. Go back over there towards the car. Funk says, back up to the car unless you want to die. Funk says, I need one on top of this crate. Back up. What are you doing? You trying to? I'm going to drop it. I'm going to drop it. Come back. Go ahead, drop it. Funk says, who got another one? Me. Everybody onto the street. Funk says you. Put one right here at this car. This rust car. Funk says, wait, let me leave first. Alright, go ahead. Funk says you want to have one more. Do I have one more? Funk says, put one right here in front of this van. Copy. Good question. Alright, that is going to be it. Okay. Alright, Funk says this is going to be an obstacle course. What you have to do is run from where you at. Alright, hold on. Let me do this. Is this for everybody? Yes, this is for everyone. So look, listen, this is going to be simple. So you run on the outside where these tires at, right? You go, you pretty much do a square, but instead you got to come up the middle. If that makes sense. So you got to go all the way around. I should have did the obstacle course first and then, yeah, that would have made more sense. But anyway, you see where I'm at right here, right? Where I'm jumping at. You go straight down to the end of this area. Until you hit the other brick side of the wall, then you have to go around that building and come straight through the middle. Without die. I'll see how this goes. We'll see. I was kind of messed up. I should have did the obstacle course first. Yeah, I've no idea where I have to go. Just make it a complete square. How about that? I make it easier. Just go in a complete square of the outside of the box. How about that? Make it simple because apparently somebody is going to die. The last two people that gets back to the beginning of the obstacle course will die. If I don't say it's go. There you go. Y'all see people are doing it. How do I get caught, man? We'll throw a flashbang, man. Hey, stop hurting the corner, man. Change the guy. Oh, wow. That's a lot of stuff. That's a lot of stuff. That's a lot of stuff. That was me. That was me. I threw the smoke. It's good. Yeah, I tried to cover it up. That actually was just. I got caught corners. I'm talking about the flashbang. Oh, I don't get it. That's fine. That's fine. Alright, false says y'all made it through the whole elimination process. False says pick a partner. Daniel says. Oh, that worked out perfectly. Everybody has a partner. Also. Alright, this is going to be a quick, quick, quick. Actually, you know what? No, we're going to do this another way. Sir, right here. Right here. In front of me. You. False says you pair with them. Funk says you. Pair with them. How many is that three? Funk says you. Pair with them. Funk says you. Pair with them. This is going to be a quick, convincing die. Funk says. Funk says group number one. Right here. You're a group number one. This is group number two. Number one. Y'all have to figure this out. Getting four corners and it's going to be a quick, convincing die. Convince or die? Yes, you can start. I have a timer up on my end, so I will go ahead and put it at a minute. So y'all figure it out. Funk says go. Alright, alright. So I heard that Ash was the last person that I actually came out. So I think he should be done. I agree. I agree. I think this guy caught corners right here. This guy right here with the chainsaw. He caught corners. Yes, he was the one that caught corners. Find yourself, bro. Who are you? Yeah. Kill a cheater. Bro, who's being targeted? What talk? Yeah, talk, man. To find yourself, man. Ash. I don't know who this is. Timer. Hello. You just got to let them jump. You're going to take your lunch, buddy. Man, to feed yourself. Listen, dude. No. This cheaters die. Can I just ask Red Black Gun guy? What's your name? I'm going to help you. What's your name? J. J. J, I'm going to help you, man. J. These guys are bullying you, man. Do you think bullies deserve to be able to win this round? No. No, right? If you were to bully one of these guys back, which would it be? Pick one. To point at them. Left, right? Look. If they try and take you down, man, you can take them down with you unless they change their mind, right? Right. So in a few moments, Funk's going to like tell you guys to kill your targets. Bro, it looks like you're going to die, but you take one person down with you, man. Oh, life. All right, with that said sorry, Funk, you're all yours, man. Oh, no, you're fine. And there's no melee and you have to shoot your partner. Final positions now. Lock your vote in. Funk says fire. No. Drop shot. There is no drop shot. There's no drop shot. You got to stand. Oh, it's my first time I didn't know. Yep, there's no drop shot. All right, team number two. Team number two. I mean, make this clear. No drop shot. Once you find your target, you shoot them in the face. Not in the shoulder, not in the chest, not nowhere else. Indie hand in the meat. Funk says go ahead and start convincing. Group two. Get to the old side of this. Kill the ghost guy. Yeah, I think we all decided. Yeah, I see ghost dies. Ghost. Two of you, man. Speak up. I'm making it two of real ghosts. What's dark Lord? Yeah. Dark Lord. Come on, man. I want to kill me. Time to kill you. Wow, all right. That's pretty grim. All right. Well, all right. All right. Finalize your positions. Your votes. Hey, man. What was that? I didn't mean to do that. I did not mean to do that. I do it the wrong way. I didn't mean to throw that. Dark Lord. This is your opportunity, man. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Aim at their head. Stop moving, bro. Stop moving. Guys, guys. Take the start. Aim. I can't help that. You guys. The rules of this game, I'm in through that. Like Funk said, is you stand exactly where you don't change your spot. There's no jumping, no crouching, no moving around. You have to be a non-moving target. Then you aim at the person who want to kill. There you go. That don't move around. All right. Last chance. Stop moving. Whatever you pointing at, that's it. Fire. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Wait. Oh, man. He didn't say fucks us. I didn't say fucks us. He left. He left. He left. Bro, he took it a dog. Bro, come back. Bro, no, man. He took that away from me, man. He took that away from me, man. Oh, my God, bro. That was so disrespectful. Well, I will. All right. If I don't say it's group number one, time to convince. Actually, you know what? We're going to mix this up. Funk says, y'all running in a circle. Just running together. Funk says just running together. Just do a little mix up. Funk says, stop. All right. Y'all two here. Go over there. And then y'all three over here. Funk says, y'all two need to convince. No. No, how am I going to convince? That don't make sense. Funk says, y'all three convince each other. Funk says go. All right. I'm going to convince. I don't know. I don't know. I'm going to convince. Okay. Okay. He's gonna do this. All right. Get these. Listen, listen, listen. Kill the clown. Kill the clown. Kill the clown. He dropped shot in. He dropped shot in. So he should not be alive. Who dropped cheaters? Which one? You don't drop shot? Yeah. This guy right here. I got you. I got you. I got you. I just got first shot. You drop shot. I just got first shot. It was my first time. So I apologize. Yep. I messed it up. But uh. With their set freeze on top of the sugar cane this guy the kid guy that kept moving so that's another I was getting pushed Pushed oh wait he's accusing you. Oh shit This guy's kind of weird this guy's kind of stuff. Just try to talk about it. I'm gonna Know something that's something different, you know All right my first time playing the game you know you get to be nice one stop moving folks says fire I wanted him to kill me. I wanted to do the fire. Yeah, I did I said folks say it's fire All right now is a four way So four way folks say it's their convincing kill the clown this guy has snake shots kill like yes, snake shots kill the Snake shots deserve to die kill the clowns Don't say it's finalized your Me and you all got killed by snake shot. Yeah 15 seconds finalize your people like come on The cool snake shots snake shots are annoying y'all the other players the clown You know what I'm taking you down with me. I don't say it's freeze fire You sneak me you were gonna kill me. Oh Damn why did not what it wouldn't let me oh I'm going to assassinate Oh God all right. So first stop me instead won't says convince All right, stay shot come on man Wait No, is the sea does skin talking? All right kill the sea else good. I'm the one that's talking. I'm the one that accused again. Oh, I am talking I do not have snake shots. He's a liar You know everyone who uses revolve have snake shots that usually out goes I don't that's usually how it goes I don't Don't say it's finalize your votes Don't say stop moving Stupid yeah, I'll say it's come to me That's unfortunate Folks says follow me. I thought you was gonna see her. I'll say it's follow me Yeah, what in the world there we go You wouldn't let me get it. All right. We got our winner here It wouldn't have killed me anyways. I was on the ground No, you kept running away from me. I was using that bomb man. Oh well. Hey congratulations, man Evil Jimmy. It's a good thing that a Shock until you to rejoin the game. Yeah, shout out to shock Yeah, that's my shadow. That's my shadow right there. I didn't say that sarcastically. He never said it But you know he's oh No, I said it cuz I did connect it. Oh, oh, oh, yeah, how'd you die anyway? I jumped out of the map Potentially I oh wait who died evil Jimmy like died. He didn't disconnect. He died. He told the rejoin. Why did you jump out of the map? I joined it and then I just jumped out of the map He joined with why Whatever all right, it's fun. It's fun. There we go man. GG man very well done a lot of fun stuff there congratulations evil Jimmy I can't believe I just said that all right You Just wait till the next shot guns is I already have it all playing mystery why did the evil Jimmy cool self and jump out of the map? We'll never know all right Yeah, I wouldn't expect a damn was off rip I didn't have my load out should have got my load up that well