 What is up everyone welcome this whifter says we're on the beautiful map canal small but mighty got a lot of fun things we can do here for example whifter says everyone jump on that oh from this bridge with that touch in the water whifter says we get the water stay in there don't drop though you know up for air I made it I'm not a race so just stay in the water if you're in there we have to be on the box just on the boat you just sit on the boat they say the middle all staying in the room yeah it makes you guys were just your lives over here just waiting to be clear big room if you're in the water stay in the water so stay in the water back up off the box so people can you go first you go first man make room why are you guys blocking them just get out of the way make room geez no I heard someone calling a grenade I did too probably a flash time you know first no good aid people come on to go hey put it I saw it wasn't me great I have a spare says folks in the water come back up on the bridge it's time for redemption you guys are based on the screw it over by folks blocking the way over there I don't think that's right here's our last get your names don't off the boat into the water doggy style alright we'll chief Bennett alright like I said you guys were screwed so be fair only the last person on the boat will die go he caught yourselves I like that kill each other but but says first person the boat dies go I think I they both look at each other alright you guys are a little close here all right so you guys got top boat so it says let me just let me talk let me talk all right let's swim cook when says please go on top of the small building to your east yeah with a little lateral this is just go there you got it that's it all right cool all you have to do believe and jump on a small metal piece that's singing at the front of the boat right over here one shot that's it you can jump on here and not the water you live what says if you miss they're gonna shoot you oh no I know this is don't start yeah I want to get views all right so it says back okay so it says whatever said that was easy get up there yep thank you away thank you way I was wrong I can check my bridge footage right now I forget who you are you'll either die or you try your choice which says be said it was easy get over there you have five seconds to comply or I could figure it out thank you who said it was stupid obviously all right of course it was still you want to say it's easy thing yeah come demonstrate super says keep an eye if they miss it they die all right so it says that's for the rest of our shut so does this one I think he's dead he's dead all right let's see here Swift says you guys you know it whatever you're ready it's not that easy stupid hello you you slide off for some reason you said that's wrong that's wrong that's all that even touched it what the hell CP max I'm sorry stoner okay so to the soda in the games for CB Max on top of the building now you try yeah sorry it's done it all right so does the CB back whenever you're ready it's got to be on the metal pole right that's it meant to land on it what the hell he did not land on it oh I thought he did you know well is it even I didn't see stupid kind of bounce off of it so there's no more good I did bounce off of it I landed and then it just pushed me yeah bad boat let's see if it's actually possible Swift says everyone up over there I want to see this is doable I'm dead I know this is not a challenge where death is going to happen just yet we just have to try it not yeah I'm not yeah I'm not hang on look I was really I'm already feeling off baby up baby up glimmy up oh here we go that's like new reviews that's not great great all right Swift says this mini game stops once someone successfully does it does one at a time please jump down you get one try each next oh that's it's game over that's it you did it oh that's a lot of that crab blow over there yeah you did it crab blow did all right so it's possible get your job Swift says crab blow over here Swift says everyone else back up over there now it's time to see for what else can do it oh what oh good now you guys know it's possible it's just one of those episodes where he died a few minutes not yet great all right Swift says everyone else gets only in one try which says if you can land on there and stay on there goodbye and let me finish the rules finish this guy got kind of pushed off guys let me explain rules all right so just as we can stay sit send there and land on there you'll be giving an improper rental treatment for the next mini games which means you won't be in danger crab blow is part of this group so if just says begin one try per person success I did it is that one oh good stay up success removed I told you to stay on there bro what was that what are you guys doing stay on there one in the sun yeah oh you're walking back on there what's your name so it was John you have to do it again man look I didn't say you're off of it all right as soon as guy made it successfully I kind of was a good tension all right maybe there we go great once we're out of room that's it my game preference is rooming everybody so I'm working fit on there oh you must go and hold for that one that's not count bro hey it doesn't count let's go sorry that is not count look you're standing on the goddamn boat yeah I'm not I'm not on the boat that's exactly where I landed and I died you deserve to do it again I made it to him all right that says no more room oh that's no good either no fitness are bro all right you three let's grab low all right thick right so it says everybody else back on top put this crab below in those three behind me over here yeah so it says you three over here I'm directed behind you I am just looking down all right great oh I was a little minigame the fun that he'll be safe in this next video we're done with the whole jumping on this whole thing now it's time to find out who can jump on top of this food cart or it isn't so jump it off this food cart joins two lines of death begin why you're not jumping bro you said begin go jump why you're not jumping I don't see anyone jumping bro I think I was answering good time are you trying to sabotage that's not sabotage swifter says everyone please make two lines facing each other on this bridge which is make sure you're standing on the wall stand on the wall on the bridge face face of the side yeah oh that's worry only some of you go die oh wait I can cut down half the field I'm here for the violence I have to feel this a desk noifi yes there you have thank you thank you great whakte says amen one person across me with a gun that fires bullets no explosives a lot great now kill them Are you fucking wrong? Hang on listen, I'm a doggy style. I'll give you one slim chance to survive. Switcher says please start over here. We've done this many game before no one survived it I want to see some survive. Switcher says, please choose a spot on the floor in front of you to aim at Switcher says you guys can aim at that Throw that point in the floor whenever you want Now later whenever until this mini game is over Does doggy like to do is just run across the bridge without dying Dodge the spots you're aiming at and you'll be fine Switcher says we get smoked You know, I think if you crawl down to them you want to survive? I was a little worried they'd do that No, he would have died. You've been blocked. I said try. Now, at least he didn't run through the middle. All right, let's get back to business here. Swift says, aim at the person that crossed from you. Who's getting that go, bro? I see a bunch of lasers. Unload. That's pretty good. Guys are waiting for me to say some stuff. I have two people. I have two people staring at me, bro. You're just very attractive. Be flatter. And uneven line. Swift says no more talking. Swift says stand up. Swift says jump. Jump in shoot. Shotgun. John Wick. That's not shotgun. It's down the other thing. To kill John Wick, no. One jick. One jick. He screwed up. We've all had to command anyway. All right, Swift says liar. You guys in fall or that fall off that because liar rhymes with fire. Pretty good. Swift says crouch. When I run past you fire a single bullet. Oh, bro. Oh, bro. Oh, bro. Why? Why? Bro. Swift says McCoolman come forward. McCoolman killed. McCoolman. Swift says McCoolman, your plan is exactly in many games that Doggy style did. Swift says aim at one spot on the bridge like before and he's any spot you want. Rest in peace, health, Cliff. Swift says same rules apply. Swift says McCoolman simply run across that line. You can jump hop. You can crawl if you think it's a safe spot. Swift says they're not allowed to move in spot. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Jimmy just hit the one pop one shimmy. Like, come on, man. One shimmy, evil shimmy. OK. All right, let's actually try to finish this please. We can get the other guys in danger. Stand up and point at the person across from you. Swift just says everyone follow me. Swift just says the four people down there rejoin the group. Tracks me up. Now all that does not look good. I don't think I can jump on the snows. It's a little weird. That's nice. You can face the little weird jump on me. It doesn't look like uncomfortable. Oh, that's okay. All right. All right. Let's do a reset. What is that guy doing, bro? Swift says lap shoulder on the side. Oh, my god. That's what you said. Thank you. That's that side. Oh, not here. Thank you. All right. This need me a dangerous mini game. Oh, God. Oh, no. Oh, no. I don't know where that went. Anyway, Swift says last person. Swift just says the last person to vote behind you dies. Go. I have no idea what that proxy might is. Good luck. It's in the boat. That was a guy. That's looking pretty good. Oh, almost died. Wait, yeah, that's the water. Sir, how did it? Yeah, it's definitely no. How's the floating? It was your tent. Oh, they float. It's right under the bridge, though. That's so weird. The bad throw. Yeah, like you. Probably pumped. The bad throw. Weird. Well, we're going to see it. I have some fun with it. Oh, God. No, it's going to be mine. It's here. You guys. No, where this is going? All right. Who's going to be sacrificed? Swift just says listen carefully. The only safe part of this next mini game will be on top of this wooden platform. Not on the boats, not on the water, not into the platform. It's on the wooden platform. Just have both feet on the platform. We're dead. We're so dead. Swift just says go. Any right you want? Got to try. Oh, no. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, they think on the side. I call it. Oh, my God. He killed everyone. Oh, my God. He got the side. He ran straight into the freaking mine. I was on the platform mid lane down. That dude. That's why I'm not doing it. That's why I'm not doing it. That's why I'm not doing it. That's why I'm not doing it. That's why I'm not doing it. That's why I'm not doing it. I know. He's got guys like that ruined the game. No, it's energy gets pertained. It's not ruined. Alright. 13 players left. You got that. That's good. Hey, guys, everybody. We're safe. Yeah? Well, till maybe we'll go out in that one. Apparently, I will. Oh, I should have watched him down here, but it was a pretty good angle. Cinematically, it was a good angle. Alright, congratulations guys. You survived this long. Swift just says follow me in a single file line. single file yes got it and don't equip it in your loadout next time I had one year in my loadout it don't run toward it I had a dog I had a dog it says follow me full speed oh geez I'm just going to just continue this route go rounding round and round we go Jim class stop nobody know you don't need a jump he's run you don't need a jump you won't fall through watch run make it lapse this is what we used to do in mips go run laughs around the gym oh yeah oh it's reach it there's the pace of time stop oh no oh you got it oh you got it you kind of got away with that no I saw no I got away with it no I saw him and stop that was good kill the person behind you oh I know I see what he's doing I see what he's doing oh that makes one of us have no idea what I'm doing all right switch us stop it's like musical chairs but with guns switch us a little shoulder break up into two teams sound for a small game of bridge wars like window wars but we don't have any windows to work with oh god oh god three four five four five four five there we go great just as one two three four five six you six we'll go to that bridge over there what says six on that bridge over there come on a team we got this the South bridge let's go guys sorry so few always bridge to be on good good good name you guys if I were pointed out for number six wrong side wrong side I have to just follow me goofy we have we need a special role come on your top party so go with it we're going to see how this is your team over here man all right great all right great switch says go in front your girl is to kill the people on the other bridge only using bullets I don't know if there's any kind of penetration but it is legal for this game so what just says this game is over got this sir what's your question sir so it says must be on the bridge you over here that that's not legal so just as you must always be only behind the wall at the very least all right anyway this game moves over when six people are dead so this is beginning I don't think this is going to work as you guys stand up if you want the rule against that you're asking to die one down that's the piece of that South bridge let's go South bridge two down two down three down oh let's go South bridge everyone you killed three people so far oh there we go standing taking someone down that's four I need some ammo two more deaths I need two more deaths any a pick of his gun if there's one more death of the game is over good stuff all right hey there you go all right hey recipes all right two poppers getting theory kill after says if you got a kill during that mini game make your way up over here if you got a kill yeah there's five left not six oh well wherever all right six people died all of that I lost I miscounted it happens it was a lot of there was six you know what the looks players all right great Swiftress says all of the players make your way to the north bridge all right three of the players alive yeah math did not work out for that one anyway you two guys risked your lives and got some kills congratulations you guys were safe for a little while you three not so safe let's get some names battle mr. T evil Jamie all right so guys kill each other I'm just kidding Swiftress is killing each other oh oh oh oh they died in like fucking two seconds literally feel the truth oh yeah it's very rare yeah I was not able to happen before I was not it's very rare it's very rare I think it has how the coast of my final boat I think it has happened before yeah I got fireballs too oh my god I made you press how many people did you kill yes really oh three of them died all right uh Swiftress has two pop up and clap come on down man and and I was hoping you guys have some more people play with but that's best up you guys kill each other Swiftress is dark wolf I'm getting some echo from you yep thank you you don't worry if I ask you guys to kill each other be pretty anti-climatic I need a proper mini-game one V one all right we're gonna play uh we do a magic trick whatever is i magic trick I just made my throw a smoke grenade all right we're throwing smoke grenade down on the bridge since you guys must stand in the bridge then we give you guys a magical command all right kill one other player go no Swiftress go kill one other player no you killed two pop up yeah i want to get a good one yeah i didn't give a good one again yeah you being I was hoping for two pop but they're you murder like 15 people in the bridge what PG wow you were you one i'm sorry congratulations man you get to share some words would you like to give any shout out to anybody your mom push someone i'd like to shout out my twitch uh it's go-fi go-fi on the sky i can fire the five and shout out everyone in the game and shout out to you Swiftress thank you very much could a moderate please give them a proper shout out on the twitch channel viewers on twitch you'll see a little follow button pop up on your screen feel free to press follow and show goofy some support all right where do you go man gg great game guys crack the up right now i was gonna get up so