 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says only do what I say when I say Swiftress says it's Simon's hasn't called you really simple All right, let's begin Simon says on top of the piano. Let's go. Yeah, let's go. Let's go. Let's go On top of that piano please Just pointed the guy over here that's off of that This one sort of sir Deano please So does a sir were you No, no, he didn't move. He didn't move Swiftress says everyone not he did it. What Swiftress says everyone who is not on the piano going to prone for your own safety Swiftress says aim Any player on top of the piano So it says enjoy the relax. Swiftress says no more talking This is enjoy the relaxing elevator music in the background Fire No one fell for that. All right, you guys stop the piano. Be more careful. Go back to the line Yeah So So it just says piano folks look at me one of the fine. I'm gonna give there's a seating area over here with only five seats There are more than five of you So it says piano folks in one of these five seats over here once one one person proceed allowed This You think you're in the wrong seating area? I'm no because it is a seat There's a lot of seats man Good choice, sir All right, I see you guys are seated very good Swiftress says remember when I talked about seats being upright Actually, I don't I just heard seats Hmm sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet you're so hang on do we need to conduct a hearing test? I'm probably cuz I mean I'm third death but you're good. What is Cory real simple man she's one seat to show it to somebody will not be a safe seat. Oh, a little better. What's her name sir he chose your seat what's your name. Zeno how do you feel like Cory choosing your seat. I don't like the sheriff's seats you know man me neither bro. I don't know what I wanted to see. No worries. Alright so does Zeno. Cory. Yes. So does that's when I fire my gun. You will kill the other player. BANG. Shooty shooty. Wait what? No. No. I shot that was correct. Oh shot after you said that. I would have fell for that. I did it correctly anyway. I'll do that. I appreciate that. Welcome guys welcome. Alright there are five of you. Alright I'll be real guys. My goal is for two or less of you to go back to the stage so it's kind of a deadly situation here. I don't think we're a game. We're out of game here. I got it. We'll be five to kill each other. Yeah you're shield us sir. So does that's keep that shield on your back. Thank you. Don't worry man. I'll keep it the consideration got a shield and only a melee. Alright so does that's why don't you go to the guy that has no gun. Unload. So does this key we made. So does this key we made action. So does this key we stay over here. At least I wasn't the first one to die again. Alright only one more of you guys need to die. We'll keep it simple last person jumped eyes. You guys are sharp I like that. So it says first person jumped eyes. So it says cancel that last person jumped eyes. You do not succeed try try again. Alright good job to the survivors please slowly carefully go back to the good stage. Go ahead. Switch does return to the stage. Alright so does that is going to top the piano or us. Looking good. How do I appear on the side? Why do you push this? Five seconds five four three two one. Switch says freeze. Switch says everyone was not on top of the piano please lap shoulder in front of the stage. Sir. I will let that go. Great. Switch says the six people on the floor you should be looking to me not the piano. We're going to play a little game. Switch says all six of you start paying close attention. Hang on all seven of you. Switch says sir please join them down over here. Yeah it's good. Switch says all seven of you pay extra close attention starting now. Alright great. Switch says when I look at you I want to hear your name. It's scuba swat next. Next. Next. All a dini next. Stay for 20 next. Next. Sir name. You I only have one other way to get your name. It's almost fell off. Oh, shit. Switch says what's your name sir. Name is Maru Chen. Next. No worries. It's drift. It's drift. Switch says you too please follow me. Switch says please be at peace sitting right here for both of you. Oh not with the blind. Oh, we're at the PC. There we go. Alright. We're going to play back. Switch says sir. VIP. Switch says sir. VIP. Great. Alright. You guys were all paying close attention earlier right? I want to do a name game. I'm deciding how many people should die from this one. Alright, I got it. Great. One second to answer this question. You respond to this command after one second you automatically die. Have you been responding correctly? Sorry. Now it's going to lock in your choice. Your choice is locked and after switch says your choice we locked it after one second. Switch says if there are two people in this line whose name is being with S. Crouch now. One second has passed. That's G. That was pretty late man. I don't know. It's for the S. She please stand back up. That was more than one second. Thank you. That was your locked in answer. Alright, let's go over names one more time. Name. That's one S. Next. That's two S's next. Bullock Dini. Bullock Dini. Next. 8 4 20. 8 4 20. Next. Xeno. Xeno that starts with a Z. Alright. Guys that was all incorrect. VIPs it's your turn to participate. So does VIPs please choose one person to save from this group? So does go walk up to them and take them to sit down next to you. Just go ahead. You go all get plus ones VIPs. Yep. So does the VIP chose you go go sit with them. Go. There we go. Alright. You get three unfortunately. So does this look at me? You failed the mini games versus you three kill each other. Good job S.J. So does S.J. on top of the piano or on the stage. Alright. Here we go. You guys. Just look at your VIP or your guest. Kill them. So does this kill them? Oh, sorry S.J. Okay. Sorry for sliding over. I tried to save them. I probably had to wait for that. It was only one. Only one of the saved people got a kill Right Swift says let's unwind what's him gambling Swift says please follow me Please go to your table of choice yeah for Olet you got blackjack or poker or whatever that's a moral Let's just choose your table also just please don't stand on the table. We have rules here guys. No, come on So just please surround the table you want to play All right Great Swift is depending on which table you've chosen you chosen which mini game you're gonna play Oh Let's play with the the poker guys first what it says all five of you please on the other side of table This is actually the perfect review for this mini game Yep, yep, other side there we go great. Let's get some names really quick Get on next Coaxy next lighting next saying next Not a close very good great All right, let's see for this mini game You guys are all without communicating with each other are going to put together a royal flush, so there's no communication allowed Be very easy mini game So it says each of you guys oh if you if you know what a royal flush is let us we don't then you guys are all gonna die All right, so so it says look look just don't worry. Listen All right, I'm gonna ask each of you guys what your card is and we'll put your cards together and it needs to be a royal flush That's it a solve a J dog's it was J dog. What's your card? The Ace of Hearts next King of Hots okay next Um Yep, I don't know English just just name the card like it's a number and a face Yeah, the woman what was it called the Queen the Queen the Queen I'm in the Queen the Queen what okay next Jack the hearts and finally Then the hearts Good job You know, I think that was too easy one more mini game guys All right, great so Let's see here. What can I do this a little bit trickier here? Full house I don't know no more no more hand stuff. All right, so We should have packet cards with me. I could play a little game No, whatever you guys live that's fine. You pass challenge. All right, so it says it's your guys churn So it just says 25 Just please follow me So just please make a circle around me Great we're just gonna play some more left Oh All right one of those why does quickly make my controller chain to happen Great Oh wow, I'm in my settings. He used to be good All right, we're gonna turn off aim assist We're gonna go ahead and change horizontal sensitivity to maximum And there we go. We're good. All right, great Let's see sort of says what's your name Stoner sort of a stoner. Let me want to fire Fire All right, good job guys sort of says you survived So it says this roll on table. Please follow me through turn to play I All right All right All right, so just what I want you to let me know what to fire my gun, okay Fire Oh, hang on was that the point switches. Who is this? Yeah, she said it She said it was oh oh oh so I can use for someone else. Oh, yes, just go ahead one more time whenever you're ready Fire All right, good job you guys survived all right Okay, all right, you got to just be called it good gambling all for all that players. Please report back to your tables. Thank you Oh All right, you know, we're back to this table over here. You know, I We made sure that One person that we each table someone's got that this table So let's keep it simple here Switcher says look at the table There are six cards on the table Switcher says when I say the name of any of these cards or symbol on these cards last person can either table will die Got it Hmm I can't she can't tell if any of these have a yeah, there's right sort of says ignore the the three the three blank cards with just the the faces on them or whatever uh Here we go Right jack of hearts There are jack of hearts up here There is That a jack You got a king Yeah, you can't tell I'm a king there's three different picture cards They're all different so let's go be a jack in that Yeah, that's good logic. That's a good logic sir Oh, I didn't even take that she was a little yeah, you know, you're right you're right Actually, that's true. I already met jack of hearts Hey, grout was uh There that's too annoying why this is waste of time right what if you guys just kill each other So it just says looks straight up So it just says all of the players there are two other rings of light in this room. So it just get under a ring Everybody So it says everybody let's go guys You know Going back to mouse keyboard Great switches is looks straight up Which is as kill everyone on another table go Oh switches is freeze He jumped off the table Those guys I don't even know The same is very Oh my god When you killed your own teammates Oh All right Listen, I will just please get back in the table What does everyone look down Listen, the goal was from one table to have no players on it Oh I was unclear that's me. It's I have communication this communications issues They are recently YouTube. Combo's like work on your enunciation Oh, non-seat your mom, but they're kind of right. I should work on that Anyway, uh clear one table go So after says fill one table Come on Great So after says everyone Sounded the edge of your table that falling off you fall off you die You Here's some heavy breathing going on. I know I'm nervous too Yeah, lightning He just killed like his entire team. So yeah Be a little pressure there All right, cool All right real simple first person crouch gets to be the spinner What's your name sir Then say Yeah, that's when you get speaking of my gun Oh It's just jump the trick you don't worry about it This stupid curse you pick up something that's mine you die Yeah, I should have been okay. Let's try again first person crouch gets to spin in the center Good So after says last person crouch gets to spin in the center It You don't die you just you don't get to be this person in the center that's all the worry All right So after says first person jump gets to spin Hi, who's this So does that oh please come to the center of the table Fuck that guy. All right. Is that on the other controller? Yeah, and you set up our uh Our first sniper will that settings please you should know right this max horizontal no aim assist. There you go great Perfect, I'm gonna be up here too so you could then theoretically kill me Little game all right, let's see I need uh I need a Have some help from the audience I was gonna do it. You know, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'd rather actually let's do this with the way I did it Right Zeno spin around and stop when I tell you to stop no fire. I just wait to stop all right. Is that a spin stop The person you're aiming at ask them their name So does what's your name and sliding landing so does lightning Is it gonna spin and then you're gonna yell out fire when he fires one fires a shot. Okay Oh thank god. All right, so does Zeno spin around a full speed So does lightning go ahead whenever you're ready Fire oh Oh my god. Oh wow very uh climatic So does it switch says let's try that again. Does lightning please spin? Steady no spinning. Oh sorry. Yes. Sorry. I apologize. I apologize. Okay. So does Zeno please spin So does this lightning go ahead Fire I guess that's made it look easy huh green two types I could it he doesn't have a bot like Swift does bro. I had get out of here. Uh let's see here All right Here's the way we're gonna do it. So does Zeno do not stop spinning Thank you. All right, so does this lightning whenever you're ready Fire Racked All right. Yeah, there we go. Someone died. That's exactly what we wanted. That one's the prize. Sorry, yes. All right. Won't follow me You're not really sorry though. Hi Yo, what are you doing? Navelis If you want to tee back the body. Oh, is that all you want? That's okay. So it doesn't look Oh You're right. Yeah, general though. Many good point. I didn't I didn't ask you to stop spinning Oh, that's okay. You're forgiven. Switcher says follow me. That's all right. Yeah Switcher says please stand on the bar It's almost time for a finale For the finale today I need three players. So there are two too many You can remove one player right now very easily It'll be the one person without a partner Swiftress says for this first one like the ice. Well, don't pick your part. Don't pick your partner yet Swiftress says I'm gonna go up to all of you guys when to ask your name and I also want to hear What your favorite thing is your favorite thing. You're not sure what it is make it up It's what it says begin name and thing Gaggen Doctor who What? No, the doctor who okay. Yep next Lightning and skaming okay next And currently it's tracks Oh sweet next Okay and food food all right and finally All right, so just look at me Her doctor who we heard Aiming aiming we heard tracks like you little puppy to those puppy we heard food and we heard Oh, it was one before food That was too much to vote all right, so just keep your eyes on guys. Just keep your eyes on me I want to go over it now remember a person does not get a partner dies All right now you can pick a partner considering the circumstances go ahead Yeah too much stuff on that one pick a partner Swiftress says pick a partner Wow Drac Yeah, are you not gonna fight your your love right there? Is that it you just do it? And that's nothing I can do now That's what you get for knowing what you make on the poker table. That's what you get. Yes. I didn't deal with this sad man I didn't do it don't purpose Okay, no problem guys or players left Now they've chosen your partner. I have some hard breaking to tell you Hey, I got to check my phone Why do people when texting me my number get leaked kill them Ah Tricks like that don't work anymore Swiftress says follow me at a stage Switchers got town Switchers got a proximity mine that's what I've got oh so switchers please on top of the piano Everybody might play this game. Everyone just ends up dying. I'm gonna keep on moving until someone survives So it says no movement any movement from you guys will trigger this proximity mine and will kill us all So it says enjoy the music Don't move bro. I see in the corner there careful So So it says discuss amongst yourselves. How can you get out of this situation without dying Solve pro at the same time guys. I got that's what does everyone prone right now On won't trigger anything here you go All right, so does continue your discussion Things show us it back up and we'll go to crouch automatic I Will let us what happens happens it's content I don't mind dedication to move in it actually You Swiftress says the first person to get to me wins the game No way The game he's the winner All of them no three people died over there then oh congratulations man Then how do you feel right now about winning this game man do you think uh Didn't get some close calls this game a lot of close calls let's count the close call Close call number one when before the game began I asked Zeno to come over here as that switch says come stand over here And return to the page about me doing switcher says close call number two Uh, I asked him to stop late to keep on spinning forever. He stopped spinning while me time to stop With that that let you stop you from winning No, that's right man. Why are you looking at the stage they're all dead. They're not they're friends. You're just there's All right Zeno shout out time go for it Shout out to a whole lot let me win There you go I appreciate it and let you win but All right, enjoy our games Server to search for Swift or discord on your favorite search engine and hop in