 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says now when we organize these games sometimes you'll make accidents Accents like murdering fellow players hi Ted Hi To resist head from this lineup. Can you point out the player that you viciously murdered by accident? Where you see put us just walk right up to them please Great you murdered shotgun. All right, so now shotgun you said you uh you forgive him I forgive him That is very kind of you I do not suppose this come right over here Ted So it says Ted we're gonna play a little game So it's said please stand right over here So it says everyone else go to the other side of the map and stand where you think his body's gonna land Oh, so it just says if his body lands closest to you get a little prize So just the other side of the map boys ain't going over there. I'm telling you that much he's going far All right 10 seconds to put 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Swiftress says freeze So it was us Ted put that back up man So to respect a little bit more there you go here you go Just move a little bit to your turn a little bit to your right Ted Yeah Wait The arts on the map still I Wow Really All right, that's too bad. Okay. We'll have to play this game on a bigger map next time. All right, so follow me inside to the base level of Pro house Great it's what says standing front of a plant with the purple lighting Just stuff in my kitchen right now There we have one guy one pilot is room for you For his gallon great job some Swiftress says to what I say when I say Swiftress says ball blob you know deal Simon says called it he says look at your plant So just take out the longest weapon you have So just as caress your plant with your weapon Brush it with love. You know as if you're petting you know, you know, I love one or uh or a horse or um, that's inappropriate anyway good job All right, so just stop Get job now plants are purple lighting don't need all the love these go stand in front of a plant without lighting and pet that too go ahead So it's freeze I see trend through the sea trim please follow me All right, see you're ever gonna play a little game here Swiftress says what I want you to do is Hmm I think a fun game where you have a chance to live there not too much of a chance you know like a medium to low chance There you go. All right got it Swiftress does not swap your weapon Swiftress has stand behind someone you believe also has a sword You can inspect them Try not to have my sword up So just a big boy swap your weapon. I want to announce it That is strike one person someone already has a sword out does not count All right, so does the sea time two more tries begin Why still getting echo from All right All right All right, so it was J dog swap your weapon That's a ton for strike two all right, see try it Okay, okay, let's heal it the third strike. Let's give you a little bit more of a chance Swiftress says if you have a melee weapon crouch There you go she's running a little bit there you go. Let's trap for someone else here. There's just one more try see try All right, so for your final choice So it's a stover stand up Should I swap your weapon Oh, it's a sword how'd you know try to know I was gonna kill you Oh Oh, man, I mean it's great, but also Okay All right, now I see why you're muted. I'm gonna go from you. So just you're good to go all right. So just please uh, so just please everyone follow me There we go all right, we got some fun down here Hmm So please stand behind below this uh This Fine I should not have a quick this fist it's saying so way too much of my screen all right Move Do your best Swiftress says aim straight up All right, so it says the last person the fire one bullet guys It could have been then just storm wasn't sure Hmm Let's assume that was that was bandit. Okay, next person. Let's do that again. All right This person says aim straight up There we go I need a person to die last person the father gun dies All right, so just I saw three reviews. It's just three of you come on down Yep, come on down. Come on. Yep. Yep. Come on. Uh-oh sir Sir Mr. Ninja Storm Thank you All right, great. So does the rest of you guys can look down Am I able to rejoin to the crash or to just say out You can rejoin if you're willing to do a challenge Yeah sure Sure, better nothing. Oh, I think Unified I for content We're gonna time for content. All right, so it says cabin chaos see trying it and just storm So just please go into this little hidey hole over here You There we go. Well, I'm gonna join you guys So just that spread out without leaving the tunnel Spread out you don't want to be close with each other Hmm, there's so much room you guys are gonna all right, whatever All right, so it says you three male each other This is a very peaceful three-way melee competition Oh, hello orange Nice, it's something wrong. So it says you three male each other Damn it Nice try. Okay. Okay. Good job. All right cabin chaos use your vibe come out rejoin the group Didn't say so for says okay All right next up All right, so it says lamps a little shoulder down here. This orange bandit come with me So it says you guys lamp shoulder shoulder you can look down now I Probably come up from the wall a little bit so we can all find out Yeah, I can't move. Yeah All right same game folks this time, you know, the body's not gonna go out the map. The body's gonna stay around here So it says please choose a location where you believe that it's body's gonna land So that position can be anywhere it could be be Anywhere Give me inside you could be out there Because guess where that body's gonna land. But we're closest to bandits body primary part being his head We'll get a prize Three two one this is for reference. I'm going distance from head to head his head to your head Not like not vertically, but like you know horizontally anyway Well now I have switches this freeze okay One of these days I will figure out how to make this a game that day does not appear to be today So it says follow All right, so it says they're going on the white truck, please Test they want to three Stupid it's human's for this stupid turn on your sensitivity or traffic microphone. Thank you Oh Okay, you got three seconds get up there plenty of time three two One so does this freeze I made room up here I made room too that's why I got off the top Sort of the violet You believe there was any way to get up there at all No Okay, so does wait Roe here So this is valid is going to prompt Oh All right, cool. Let me go over what my options are over here. Let's crumble Just this yeah, I guess so all right, that's cool all of you guys here will fit on that truck Not all of you will be able to fit on this pile of Halitz yeah, there we go all right, we're gonna fit on these pilots to save go All right, so it says everyone freeze thinking why the logistics of this game No Sort of a stank you come on over here man Who said no It's sort of stank come on up I just want to see this again Oh, you get your money's worth man right show it off a little bit. So just can you do inspect for me? Yeah, thank you man Beautiful beautiful even got like the the uh camel toe like Shoes or whatever I'm not really counting our sloth toe All right Great job. All right sort of stanky your participation in and sharing with me or your skin You can choose either to stay up here or go back to the truck. Just as it's up to you I'll go back to the truck So just go back to the truck. Oh you yep You play that that sloth pack the guns is dead effect turns you into an actual weed blunt That was a cheat and Sean the way effect all good great Right anyway, so does please wait Let's think about the logistics of this i put down Approximity mine The rules so just don't move hey hey Don't move Let's think about no one's allowed to move you i want you guys to think about the logistics here If you get up here and survive You live If this goes off while you're on top of the truck many of you guys are gonna get hurt Think about what your best play is Yeah, the truck might explode guys. I don't think it will. I don't think so but you know you guys can think about yourself I know what to do. I can say camel toe toe camels up toes I think I know yeah camels have toes. What is what is what is out the good? What the hell man the name came? Are you trying to insult my people My my my my great-grandpappy or is great-grandpa great-great So once they broke camels invented some point all right You know insult my people all right with that. Oh Hang on I got a weird How was that Oh Zones coming in guys. Oh Okay, anyway, let's look over there. It's all the weed It could be anyway He's okay. I want to capture this food. You better want Like even the way Okay anyway Swift says if you get on top of the palette you're safe. It just doesn't begin I'm not right Oh, it didn't blow off the car. Wow. I'm actually sorry Oh All right, you have three seconds. We'll get up there one oh no Two Three switches as freeze So it just says Reese All right, we have funk bitsy Clems, what is the u3 please follow me Simple bet for you three too many of you guys get up there actually So real simple Boy you three guys to make a bet if you win your bet you live if you lose your bet you die I'm gonna try and fling. Yes boy into that tree over there If you touch the tree or bounces off of it in any way Uh, that's my goal. So do you think he's gonna hit the tree? He's swarters as if you think you'll hit the tree Ratch if you think he's gonna miss the tree remain standing guarantee i'm gonna miss if you think he's gonna miss it. That's standing copy Oh, he said if he's gonna miss the tree, he go crowd Yeah, if you think i'm gonna miss that tree All right, you guys placed your bet great. So does this you guys think we'll all miss what does ds boy come with me Wait, where are you? Yes boy come with me To this ds boy come with me Over here bro, so does ds boy stand right here Right here Oh, I was trying Y'all I'm gonna ask you something before you can. Give some talk when you're dead. This is called duty. What do you wanna ask? The sloth gives them the slowest, most painful death you possibly can. Like pushing off your head. Oh, wait, is there a pain too? I gotta push by this man. The sloth execution. Okay, let's see the sloth, you know, by, by, by demand. All right, so for the stanky, come on down. We're gonna find someone who's an execution on. In fact, two people, throw, throw and standing. All right, let's see here. I said you guys were safe. I guess that's a lie now, huh? All right, last two people on the white truck. Ah, go. We move on here. All right, sort of says stanky. If for me, it's just volunteer to life. That's fine. I wanted to follow it to your first day. For this show. For the content. At my level. So let's just go ahead, yes. Not slow at all. Okay. Hold that one. That was a prone one. That was execution. Yeah, I guess. Okay, no problem. No problem. No problem. That was the prone one, mate. A baby standing one is a bit more sloppy. All right, last person crouch dies. All right, so if it says the last person go past stanky, does. One four. Oh, yes. Was J dog. It was J dog. It was J dog. I was going to use shotgun. It was J dog. All right, so it says it was almost baby Yoda, but he's literally right past J dog. It will really last second. So does a stanky. That's not the. That's not the finish. That's not the finisher. No, the wrong execution equipped. No, that's not the finisher. I feel robbed. I think it's not my life execution. You get with it. I feel robbed. No, before this game, you know, you have to. Wait, you know, you have to equip it right. You know, you have to equip the full set. Not too. I feel robbed. I've seen that finisher multiple times. I mean, you didn't do to the back. You know, I would, you know, I don't blame you. I would figure if you buy a skin and you equip the skin, the bundle, like it should equip the execution. That is tragic. I apologize to all my viewers. I feel robbed for my life. I mean, yeah, you were robbed. All right. So it says all the guys please follow me. The next mountain. I did you get in time to the world. Miss Nate. Look, man, I blend the PlayStation 4 controller. Play a moment. Just to pit it. There you go. So it says more on top of this white band here. A bunch of you guys are going to die from this. Oh, boy. All right. So it says stay on the roof of the van. All right. Just don't die. Just don't die. Oh, yeah. Thank you. Oh, yeah. Hey, on the handlebar. It's tough. If somebody falls out, do we shoot them? I will. I will take care of them. No. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. The loss was close to me then. Only moved a little faster out of the way. This is like the witch from the Wizard of Oz. Unfortunately, I guess that's what happens when you equip the wrong finisher. Can I back out of the photo to show that it's the right finisher? After this, I believe you. I believe you. I mean, you know, it might be a bug with a freaking bundle, right? I believe you are very far from possible. Very far from impossible. So it's far from me for the next challenge. So if you think you climb on top of... Are you strict? All right. Let's see. I messed with the mines over there. Yeah. I did a couple of these mini games already last time. Let's mix it up a little bit. Oh, I've got my proximity mine again. So if this says, please surround this palette or this stack of plywood. Yeah, yeah. So if this says, please go into front. You don't want to document this. All right. Cool. Let's see. How do I spice this up a little bit more? All right. Centric gone. But I died. Bye. He's the cluster. Yes. And the UIVs lead. Guys, guys. And see all your toys. It's going to cut. I don't need everyone to die. HUM! I actually be saved over here. I doubt something for you. No need. We're good. We're good. No. Hmm. I'm nervous. I'm nervous. There should be... So it just says stand up. It will not trigger it. Don't move, though. So it just says stand up. It will not trigger it. Don't move, though. So it just says stand up. No need. I got the game. I got the game. I got the game. All right. Look. Here are the rules. You'll be safe. If you crouch, you're going to prone. But you're not allowed to do that until after... Hmm. You jump. So it just says when I fire my gun. Jump. And then duck or crouch or go into prumb. You cannot run from your spot. Sir! No! What? I'm my order. I'm your order. You order. I'm your order. I'm your order. Everyone but you wins. What the hell, bro? I really additional... Wow... I really do that. I really do that. Oh... Ah... Ah... Oh... I think you were the wolf. Nobody wins, I guess, huh? Everyone but you know when that was I saw you most homelander