 What is up everyone? Welcome to Swiftress says, Swiftress says this doc, where I'm looking looks like an H, so it says form the letter H You didn't know it Form the letter H is best as you can, it capital H, so it says a capital H Oh, capital Pretty good, pretty good, it's hard to organize 30 people to do something like this, right? All right, cool, let's try another letter Swiftress says form the letter X a little harder with this what we got in this platform, but I believe you can do it It's just like an X there's a space by me Does anyone have a laser? Not bad, not bad, oh I think we got it Follow the line Swiftress says freeze, it says freeze, it's an inspection time looking pretty good All right, time for the most difficult one Form the letter M, good luck Form the letter M Swiftress says freeze, sir, what's your name? Name please Charles Hi Charles, this is Charles Follomey, man, I didn't say what he says, I'm not even have to die But before we get that little interview, Charles just end up over here, man All right, no, you get an interview before you die All right, interview question number one It says Charles, how does it feel to know that you're about to die? Pretty embarrassing, it shows that I suck No, it's the luck, no man, the point of the game has to be a trick you, I tricked you and I appreciate that But that is the end of our interview, Swiftress says on load Thank you, all right, Swiftress says freeze What, never feel bad that you get tricked, that's literally my entire job, you're helping me with my job if you get tricked For example, crouch now if I tricked you Okay, maybe you were bad, sorry bro, all right, Swiftress says jump once I'm messing around All right, crouch twice Swiftress says follow me Oh, Swiftress says please deposit yourselves in the water in front of me Look at how it's pexels All right, now you guys have so much more flexibility to make letters Swiftress says make the letter W Swiftress says, make the letter W Strip face into wall team, but face into wall team That doesn't help Do the two outer lines, two middle ones Middle lines, one more Yep, this is pretty bad, so far behind believe me I need so much like a W to him, none Yeah, yeah, W to me And now, maybe just to me to the folks watching out Everybody in the middle, you're wrong What? That used to be normal Just every funny Okay, okay, all right, you know what, this is just a lot harder than I thought it would be Swiftress says freeze All right, unfortunately this is too difficult We'll skip this for now, we'll come back when we have more players, but for now we need to get ready for our next challenge while we're here Now, Swiftress says look towards your north, it's me Below me there are three poles In a moment, I'll have you guys jump on top of them if you can One Two Three, these are all kind of well, very good All right, if you're on one of these three poles, you will have power over the life of one other player who's not on those poles Ready set go Swiftress says sir Oh no Swiftress says come with me I don't know one of those, I didn't say Swiftress says things man annoying, right? Yeah This is follow me, what's your name dude? Didn't know more All right, so here's your challenge I'm gonna give these guys some time to get on top there And your job will lead us simply get on any one of those three and if you do you live and if you don't you die All right, everyone else get on one of the three poles, go It didn't fall for man, sorry, bro, I tried Swiftress says got on the poles if you can Don't know certain not you, oh yeah, if the wave we go yet Yeah, it's not good, you have an advantage right? I have to put you into this advantage for it to be fair That's how punishments work No, oh my god, I can't get off the ladder So it says yeah, one more second, cool Five, four I'm dead, I'm dead, got a dammit Two One Swiftress says freeze Great I'm dead Two Swiftress says All of you guys besides Our friend up here So just go to the flower bed you see to yourself You guys a very important job You're the flowering squad Whoa, where you guys leaving the poles? No, sorry Swiftress says if you're on the poles, go back there, I apologize That's on me That was unclear That was unclear I don't know if I can get back on it now That's too bad, so just off to the flower bed you go Don't worry about it Cool All right, great Here's another game of war I'm sorry, your name over time? Dead no more Dead no more I'm not gonna be a danger there All right, maybe dead one more time We can work with that All right, great, so we have Four people over here Swiftress says the warning to the four people over here I recommend not moving If you fall off, you will die Swiftress says You guys up over there You will carefully Anyone who falls into the water If you kill someone else, like the person standing in front of you or you're here as side by mistake You will also die, so please exercise extreme caution I think I was just falling through the water You could have died, that was my rule Don't fall into the water anymore Thank you, sir Great Is that including the people in the poles? Everybody, anyone that is in the water? Except for me Die! Except for me Speak clear, I'm special All right, so All right, happy to Swiftress says dead no more Here's your challenge You simply must jump on one of these poles and survive Look, the way they're standing right now, man, I don't think you can do it So what you gotta do, man, is if they use a special move called smooth talk Yes, smooth talk these guys Yes, you have to convince one of them They can be, look, these two over here probably not Unless you convince one of them they'll push the other guy off That would be pretty funny I don't know, yeah, look, it depends on what level smooth talk you have If you're, you know, if you're a low level smooth talker, try the other two over here Thank you, yes, don't fall I didn't even get to catch them on camera, that was a waste of content Gee, dad, geez, bro All right, so, all right, so yes, like I was saying, Swiftress says you smooth talk to get a spot on one of these poles Or just, or just wing it Swiftress says good luck Hey, how are you? You gotta raise me up there You know, if one leg was Christmas and the other leg was New Year's I'd become a visit you between the holidays Oh, I'm sweating I'm sweating Swiftress says firing squad, did a great job You, the only guy who killed us, only fell off on your side I'll take Great, all right, good job, no one else has the die yet All right, Swiftress says everyone please follow me to the west Thank you He did it I got you, bro, I got you I've seen that one on the TikTok Yeah, man We're going back to one of my favorite spots to snap the umbrella Oh god, hey, he swift Yes, sir Hey, I'm going to have to go I hope you have a wonderful day, man, and hope you're leaving for reasons that are not too terrible Have a good one, man All right, see you All right, great Not yet, not yet, Swiftress says hang on Hang on, Swiftress says what's your name? No, be sure You really can't wait to get up there, huh? I just wanted to see if I can do it No worries, man, Swiftress says you're now our VIP Swiftress says you are the VIP, umbrella VIP, Swiftress just make your way up there, bro Yeah, VIP All right, so you can do it, good All right, now as our VIP, you get to invite a few people to join you at the umbrella Not on top, but under you Swiftress says please look at the player list and choose three people Oh, yeah, any three people you order Venom, Swiftress says Venom when he calls your name Swiftress says when he calls your name go under the umbrella, please Two more Baby Yoda Baby Yoda under the umbrella, let's go, bro Next, Matt Stiles Matt Stiles under the umbrella Great, okay No problem, great, no That question, my friend Are you nervous at all? Um, probably I'm gonna die now Yeah, yeah, you probably are, yeah, it's good Didn't answer my question, but it's cool, all right, listen This is real simple, each of these guys get the fire one shot up for them, umbrella Your job, yeah, you can move wherever you want, man Just can't be on the edge, that's all Let me have one of those shit Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure Now, so here is where things get a little bit tricky The three players under the umbrella only get one shot each, but Everyone here watching who has a visual of you and the three people down there can give them hints on where you are All right, so if you guys want to help guide them, you can I'm done with this He's in the middle He says the three people below You guys can fire one bullet whenever you like I'm just circling right He's going to go to the other side One shot to go That's it, that's it, that's it, that's it That's it, that's it, all right, so it says 0-3 That was a tough one, don't worry guys, look, it was a very different challenge, you know, so it says 0-3 Go back to the group Yes, so it says 0-3 go back to the group All right, my friend, you did it, do you think you were going to die there? I did indeed So it says here's a, here's a surprise hint, so it says if you look This southeast, there's a barrel floating in the middle of the air Cool, right All right, that's it Yeah, I wasn't lying, I wasn't lying You know what, it didn't even sit down I know, right, you know, people never look out Anyway, my dude, congratulations on surviving, please head back to the group Oh, I didn't like the no-shape though, so it says 0-3 go back to the group So I don't like that, so it says I'm going to pick five people and do the same challenge, good luck So it says you, you, you, and you so it says you five under the umbrella So it says you're up there, no, no, no, no, no So it says sir, you, aye So it says you, under the umbrella, please Yep You know, I don't trust you anymore, so it says you cancelled, so it says you, under the umbrella, please You're cancelled Okay, look, look Look, realistically you know, if someone's playing 7 says If someone, let's say someone tries to trick you and get it so it's like jump once Don't shake your head and go no no no that's that's that's not how it works It's time to say shake head no so there's a little punishment. I could kill you But that would be that be super lame. I think me lame if I kill you for saying no right But I think me fun we made this more difficult for you now All right, so how many shots do you think each of these guys should get? 10 3 Hang on hang on hang on three hang on who said hang on who said 10? So does if you said 10 come on down Let's get on there with them bro Yeah, what's your what's your vote? How many shots do they get? I'm gonna say one Thank you very much for input ignored 10 shots each player there we go all right All right, all right same rules apply All right, no, the umbrella guys forget that's fine. All right, so it says same rules apply You guys down there can guide them you can help the people on top where the people on bottom up to you Which is you guys in the bottom get 10 shots each So it says begin Take two Oh no way You fell off You didn't even say we didn't That's it. He did a great job He did a great job except if all of the umbrella look we're gonna let that slide and just do a complete redo no big deal So it says reload Don't fall off the umbrella this time we're good all right ten shots each just as go All right That's all lucky man You did a pretty good job man all right great All right, Swiftress says everyone on top of the umbrella please everybody Look it's not my job to be fair my job make funny things happen for you guys watching Which unfortunately only works to be fun unfair things funny Sorry, I don't make the rules I do but you know me great All right cool you guys did a great job. This is where a lot of people die. Swiftress has freeze There's a proximity mine under the umbrella So it says look around you there are many ways to approach this problem In a few moments I'm gonna ask you guys to go under the umbrella You don't need to go under there immediately. You don't need to be the first person simply cannot be the last person under the umbrella What will happen if he gets triggered to the people on top of the umbrella? I don't know maybe it makes more I'll give you some guys some ideas Maybe you jump into the water wait for the explosion and climb up Maybe you drop down and go into prone immediately maybe survive it Maybe stand top of the umbrella then hope that doesn't hurt you I don't know there are a lot of different things that can happen I only hope is that I at least have a few people left alive to make this video So anyway, make this a little bit more interesting now let me save that All right ready set go Swiftress says go And that's why I wait and that's why So just a sir please go behind five other people Skitting what's your name sir There's a time X please stand over here sort of says who burped are you still alive? Yeah, I would not I would not speak up don't speak up. Oh, we're recording live bro Oh You'll never get a little better edit that out all right Sure you go so you were the last person there I said you should die We're gonna play one game same game you could survive switchers is going top of the umbrella each get the fire one shot There's no one out here telling people where you are So just as you're only a lot of fire a shot if you're directly under the umbrella. I don't want anyone getting any free information Yeah, we'll give you a free tip you can see your feet right now bro Look everyone Only one shot if your kill cam shows if you die you die and your kill cam shows they fired more than one shot I will kill them too some honor system here So Swiftress says you're allowed to move around if you fall off the umbrella you automatically lose and die If we're not everyone under the umbrella can fire one shot Swiftress says this game will begin once I fire my gun Just as you can start moving around now though if you want There you go give you a little bit of mobility there you go and We didn't fall All right there we go all right good job everyone everyone who are not sure in the boat Oh I want to fall for that awkward Anyway guys, I think I've got zero kill. Oh, I've got five kills. I've got five kills good I need two more kills for our sentry gun. So it says follow me while we figure out how to get you get two more kills There's a way to get two more kills My wonder That's a great idea. Let's do that. Let's go with that one. Oh, no What do you say he didn't say anything? Someone said let's kill somebody and that's just like rid I did me all right great. Oh Just waiting this white room while I prepare the patio for you guys This is not a door. Oh, it's a window. Hi guys Listen man looks really clean. It was a really clean window from the inside can even tell Perfect By the way if you're watching on tiktok I post a video to that to do with windows was a fun one A version of subtitles will go up a little bit later tonight. I scooped that up Great it says you cannot break this glass Out here there are three three cushions This is a little table. You know, let's say four cushions If you're on one of those four cushions in any shape or form get to be safe ready set go So sir I gotta say sir. I like your enthusiasm super says come with me Suspicking it easy like What's your name dude? No more oh hi man, let's see you again. It's been a long time Go So this sir please go and be as well So just please choose any other chair you like That close in the door There you go all right good job army guys If you guys want to watch from the window over here, it's just as you can A little awkward right Yeah Alright, so sorry your name Staying all right staying you popped up the door our boy dead here drenched out you guys make a great team I don't like teams kill each other No, you didn't break the glass I appreciate you not breaking the glass All right, I didn't say swift recess Oh man, that sucks. I'm sorry There we go for those of you guys watching wondering how you can get into this This ego fest of mine, please join our discord server all right Someone open this door sort of says free me this time That's all I'm just gonna pull all the people who I believe can do it. So just as you out as you come out. So just as you come out See here Well, it's a pretty big range actually I did not just get your ass out there Why did y'all do that? So just as you out there Yeah Sort of says you out there yep look I know look This the real the real situation here is that at least Five of you are innocent possibly six of your innocent of the douchebag open the door and ran away, right? But unfortunately this is not a fair game kill each other No, look at that level of discipline. That was great. That was great So it just says all of you guys please back away from this glass. It's about the break All right guys, there's six of you here The last person to go through this window guys ready said go They're pretty good I don't have the hard to kill it in this person at least not right now you guys can all go back inside So just as venom are you alive Yeah, so just venom come on up bro. I'm dead. I'm not you're not alive You mean I didn't ask if you were alive in real life, bro. I'm glad you are glad you're in good health Sort of venom please me reduce your audio. I'm hearing my echo. It's very irritating unfortunately Thank you venom All right, here we go Just as the six of you We got a little challenge. Oh, it's fun. It's just as well. Have you guys in this room? Go down there, please. Yep, just go to the lower level drop down Great This is the easiest challenge you've ever had you just jump up here It's like you're in mantle super easy Tilted says if they fall to the floor kill them all right, so it says all six of you guys please make your way over here Success no blocking anybody by the way Oh Swift recess freeze Freeze no not killing but I'm hopping down myself here. I don't want to die. All right. I just want to watch Here we go great Swift recess continue We have to make a room You should oh Like I said easiest challenge now it's time for a harder challenge dodge all these blows unload Are you All right, so it says all players down here lap shoulder shoulder over here Great, so it says look up at anyone player you'd like you will not be killing them I May be bro All right, so it's the aim at the person you believe maybe in the culprit that opened that door Good torches this freeze Now kill them And these guys in this lobby are falling for any of this stuff. That's too bad All right, so Sort of says you six up there look around you Good you six up there not kill each other I'm gonna keep on trying I'll get you guys eventually All right All right, so it says everyone down on the floor over here If a few moments when I see guys that jumped out and what you killed the last person to hop off that wall understand Switches as you six. Yeah Yes, it's the water guy attacker Great next next challenge sort of says last person on top of that wall there dies go Wait what think a climb Why are you prone why are you prone? Thank you. Yeah, please stay enough. Don't be like that. I'm prone. We'll back and prone Sorry guys no room sorry Sorry Come on, bro. Oh, he got come on. You got it. There's no room Put you up. Yeah, but you come on when you vote but you're I can't go any further back I'm sorry. Oh I All right, five seconds five four three two one switch versus freeze Next we have to say is anyone who's not standing on top of the wall. Please go back down on lineup Damn the sky was right there. I Need one more kill for a century again. I'm pretty eager All right, it'll be one of you guys down here Ah Swift says shoulder to shoulder please Great All right, Swift says let's see here. I need somebody up there All right, Swift says crotch if you know any meany-miny mo All right, cast will go with you Through this cast Please give me the longest version of any meany-miny mo you got Hey my oh, oh, oh, switchers this sort of says give me the slow version You're my keep cutting no Mike what's gonna get quite a bit you know maybe we got to use somebody else give me a dude How am I bad? That's okay. All right, so does as well. It's no Zini meany-miny. Yes, what's your name? Tech tech rice. What does hack attack give me the longest version you've got? Eany meany Mini Mo Catch a Tiger a little faster by it's toe If you are My best friend my mom told me to pick you Oh Bro, saying you know, you guys don't know that one it says you guys have a little bit deprived childhood what happened back in my day That was very popular all right Most of us really didn't have a childhood are great So does this make one spawn that wall There you all right, I sure want to get whichever one of you guys get on top of that one spot get the live go Swift or says everyone please follow me time for most of you guys to die. Oh No, no, no, not the wheels Sentry time, mm-hmm mr. Sentry all right. I'm gonna show you guys the battle if it looks like this is gonna be your starting point All right, so this fall of me you guys will start here and you'll run along this lane Taking cover Hey cover Until Almost we will die by now until we get past these two boxes over here as you got in past these two boxes You are part of the finale All right, so besides everyone back to the start I'll be placing down a centric gun and a smoke so be smart It's not a race if you get if you do it you pull it off Although if you don't get past the box by the time the centric gun despons you auto die What's the hell that low? All right Swift or says go Oh, it's right here oh Oh Ooo Oh That so you're not safe yet, guys came on in the box oh Alright Good job good job Alright, the centricun has been safe now. Alright, please return to me. It was not safe. Good job. Yeah, you know, I thought I would do the smoke. The problem with the smoke is that you guys wouldn't see all that happening. I left it on purpose so we can kind of see what happened. Alright, so what it says we have five players. So what it says, please stand up. You're fine. Sorry. So if the says please follow me. So if the says please go in the alley in front of me. Oh, no. So if the says please lap shoulder to shoulder. Less designate. Some boundaries. Alright, here we go. From here to here. The edge of this building. This is boundary one. Where you guys staying now right before the ramp is boundary two. So if the says if you leave the boundary, you can shoot any player that does. So just as every guns out doesn't case you need it. All you gotta do is be the last personal life. Good luck. So if the says, be else something coming. Oh, no. I've been in the wall. He's throwing it in the wall. I rolled it out. If you have the boundary, you can shoot them by the way. Thank you. Alright, so what does this backup I screwed up the mini game. Screwed it up. It happens. I had high because I can automatically target you. So what does this backup all the way? Auto-safety mode action. That's too bad. Out of them so much fun. Shame on me. Switch us as far me. We're gonna default to park or challenge here. Somebody got killed. That's all that matters. Alright, so there are four of you. Let's reduce it to three. There are three holes over here that are acceptable. These three. One, two, three. Alright. If you're sharing a pole with someone else, at a later point, I'll have you guys kill each other. Alright, ready set. Get on the poles. Alright, if you guys are in position, that's no fun, right? Switch us as you four follow me. Switch us as let's do some roleplay. Let's say you biked all the way to do this challenge where you might die. So it's a stand on a bike. There we go, a great. Those three poles are the only safe ones. Only when I fire my gun should you go over there and jump on them. Switch us as good. No. No, no. No, no, no. No, no. You blocked me. No, no, no, you blocked me. Let's go there. Let's go there. Is that the guy from the back? I'm trying to. No, we can't do it. We can't do it. I've been killed. I've been killed. I've been killed. I'm trying to do this. I can't do the same. I'm trying to do this. No, no, no. Alright, switch us as you will. Not on within 10 seconds kill up 10 9 Don't let him on 7-5 4-3-2-1. Nice try. Oh, this is nice. Oh, he's a water All right All right, so we have three players left to less than two minutes left. I Use my smoke wasted it Use my Wilson wasted it You guys gonna waste each other go All right, I gave up my deal anymore. No one's fault for that stuff Sort of says spill each other No Let's go You fall for that He fall for that Just There's no way All right, I'll be a tie for remaster and and then stupid you a good you know happens All right remaster stupid what are your shout-out stay turd please I'm gonna I'll type I put my thing in the chat, but I hope you guys could follow me and help me out from my affiliate I'm really close to my goal Shout out to Swiftor for having me and shout out to everyone else for making this game amazing Wonderful thank you, dude. All right remaster good. Hey shout out to you. I don't stream on the YouTube So I shout out to everybody in the lobby. Thank you very much, man All right, let's get