 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftr says Who says when I run by you jump once Alright I can't or didn't look behind me so I'll just trust that you did it Alright Swiftr says when I run by you crouch Henry I didn't run by you yet you eager be I knew this is hitting it Swiftr says Henry come with me man I don't know Honestly I was not lightning was gonna fall for that one Alright P Alright he meant Why? Thank you Take him on me Alright look man you just happen to be the guy stop that alright Um everyone else can stand up as time to give Henry a hard time That one's falling for Henry kind of awkward Yeah Alright Henry Swiftr says Henry Be a Henry says bro Wow Yeah Yeah Although if you can't trick anybody within three commands you die Yeah Swiftr says Henry Alright Swiftr says Henry I'm gonna give you a Let me see here A two minute countdown starting now Swiftr says again Trick one person No death allowed Oh see that was my plan Henry's to stand up Alright when I run past you're gonna crouch Wait I'm sorry Hank says when I run past you I'm gonna crouch Did I hear Hank? He said Hank he said Hank he said Hank he said Hank Henry says Go Proud Alright Henry says look to you right Fire No death bro stop No death if someone dies I'm gonna sue you no death allowed It's trick one someone stop looking right Shhh Are you alright? No writing people out man No snitch Snitch snitch It's way harder than it looks I get it now Swift No worries man you've got your half way through you have one more minute It's trick somebody Alright this is stupid Henry says stand up Henry says look to the door That's behind you right that way Henry are we still looking to the left? Bro just do it No snitching bro Wait wait we snitching he's the one he's the only one he's the only one who has got the money Alright hang on Is it just me? Come with me man We have a little chat man so Henry asks you to look to the north and he didn't what do you think happened there man I was looking for the north Alright, alright, okay, no problem. So does Henry? I'm standing in this spot over here. So it just says everyone look. Or just says everyone look at me. It's time for a compass tutorial. So alright, so it is just come with me man. You can be part of this tutorial. Alright, so. At the top of your screen should be a compass. You got numbers over there. Everyone's gonna play along. So it says let's say look at a Northwest. You're gonna keep on turning into the big NW, the top of your screen. Great, there you got that one man. Alright, next. So it says look south. Big S in the middle of your screen. Big S. Great, now let's go with the numbers. So it says look at 60. Rotate until 60's at the top middle of your screen. Great, now just, we're gonna do the one you had trouble with. Alright, so I know North is a little hard to find. So that big N, but it's just gonna be the direction that I send my bullet that way. That way. So it says look at me. There you go. Don't worry, one day knowing that I use that compass is gonna enhance your life. Alright, Swift says follow me. So it says walk me only. So it's just walking only, no running. I have auto-sprint one. I have auto-sprint one. Do your very best. Oh yes, I remember here. Okay, climb back. Well I have, I have horrible numbers here. A blue button being with the GC. Swift says stop. This truck can absolutely hold all of you guys. Everyone get on. To the sides, Sergeant Wallace, could you join me over here? So it just says where you from, man. You be as vague as you'd like. You can say earth, you can say United States, you can say, you know, 14th street. If you're talking, I don't hear you. I know where I'm from, man. You don't need to talk when you're going. Unload. That one shot you, man. Great. Swift says all players, or more ring around this truck. Your job is to make sure he does not escape you guys. You'll be able to jump over you guys. Well, maybe not, maybe not, I don't know. Are we allowed to jump to prevent him from getting out? I'll give you all the rules shortly. Perfect. What? What? I'm ready. And you try to get my truck. That's my anti-theft device on there, man. Put that, go hang your way, Henry. It's not going to work in my vehicle. Why, why? What? What? Swift says get away from the truck as killing people. Make a step away from the truck. So just get away from the truck. I don't know why it's killing people. It's got a mind of its own. Stay up, stay in a way. Swift says, man, Henry, rejoin the game. I don't know why it's killing people. It's a monster truck. It's a monster truck. Oh my god. That was weird. That's the weird thing. I think when the guys are moving on the truck, the truck is balancing, so it hits the player and it kills him. Swift says we gave him that scientific explanation. Swift says, come on top of this truck. Yeah, it's moving. So just join me. Where are you? Professor, where are you, man? I definitely asked for a five-hour explanation. No? You want to volunteer anymore? That's too bad. All right. All right, Swift says Sergeant. Oh, man, what are you doing up over there, man? I don't know. Please be ashamed of myself. Swift says, you're not playing the game, man. Swift says, Matt, you like being on top of that awning? Swift says, Matt, you can be on any part of that awning you want. You're on left and right. Your job is to dodge a single bullet from Sergeant Wellens. Not yet. Sorry. Not yet, sorry. Basically, Sergeant, one bullet will kill that man. Everyone's got 25 health there. When I give the word, if you can kill Matt with one shot, you survive and he dies. Although if you're one shot misses, he lives and you die. So what does that say? Matt, you can begin by being evasive. Wait, you didn't start yet. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Sorry. I just wanted him to kind of start running around. I didn't give you the word to shoot him yet, man. I could see how that could be confusing. Here's an example. So what have been like? Swift or shoot now? And then you shoot. So it's OK. You don't know what I'm saying. All right. So it was Matt. You can rejoin. All right. That's OK. That's OK. It's a tense game. I'd be confused too. Trust me. You guys know when I played this game, but I'm terrible at my own game. Swift says everyone, please follow me. OK. Swift says follow me. Ah, Graves. I love seeing Graves. Why would you love seeing dead people? Oh, no. We don't see any dead people yet. That'll change very shortly. Don't worry, man. Where there's graves. There should be dead people, though. All right. I completely agree. To be says, she's one of the two Graves stones. This walk is close as you'd like to it. No. All right. Swift says, imagine your mind. You're engraving something on that Graves stone. Here's what I'm imagining. It's written on that Graves stone. Unlike Graves stone, I've written Swift says, last person on this truck dies. Go. Oh, he's there. Don't look at it. You're going to die. Last person on the truck. Last person on the truck. Well, where's the machine? Be. I got you, Matt. Thanks. I be scaming. It would be all died. Sort of this beast gaming. Please follow me. Oh, I got this. I fell off. I fell off. I fell off. So I saw you. Sort of this beast gaming. Follow me. Be scaming only the exact same game that we try to do. Just Matt and then Sergeant Wallace. All right, Matt, you got off easy, man. So does Matt. Come on down. You know, you won by default. That's boring, right? Man. Is it not boring, Matt? Was that exciting to win by default? No. I want to win by challenge. You want me to tell your big guy, man? Look, look. Look, all you got to do. Beast gaming is once again going to try and dodge your shots this time. If he survives a single shot from you, you die. If he dies, you will live and, you know, all our transgressions, me bullying you, is water under the bridge for at least three more minutes. All right. Sort of says beast. Come with me, man. Beast, you're going to have some distance here. But as beast, you're a lot to run between this car and this car. Okay. All right. All right, Matt. You can come stand, I'd say, right over here. A spot. By the hay-bale. There you go. So you should have a good view of over there. So there are two phases of this mini game. So I can be super clear. Phase one is I'm going to ask Beast to start dodging. Phase two will be you firing a single shot with any weapon you have the fire bullets or slugs or whatever. Is this going to be your weapon of choice? Yes. All right. You guys up here want to watch what's going on? You guys can get you guys. All right. If you guys don't have a good angle, what's going on? You're a lot to stand anywhere on this wall or this fence over here. Those are legal spots. You guys can move now if you'd like. Just let that guy out. Man. Is he a boy? I can't even know what else wanted to join you over here. Any idea why they don't want to join you? Do you think I smell? Maybe the fence is dirty? What do you think is going on? I don't know. You know what, man, I think you need to leave a better angle. So just as please come with me, your boy. You will join Beast Gaming over here. Matt, we need to show one of you guys to live. You two guys will go left and right. Now, this is one special prize. Matt, if somehow you're able to kill both of them with a single shot, this game simply becomes Matt says. That's it. Now, and I'll join them. Alright? So phase one. But you should really focus on killing one person obviously. You don't want to risk. Risk, uh, risk if for. Oh, by the way, if Matt misses his shot, both of you guys go back and live. Alright, so it says Beast Gaming. It's your boy. It says you guys can start evading. You must remain between this car and that car. Between the cars. Alright, great. With that said, it's just Matt, whenever you're ready, you can begin. Mission time is half over. Maintain the lead. Oh, sorry, man. Sorry, man. God damn it. Wow. It's a good try. It's a hard one, man. Especially with a shoddy. I feel like. Yeah, you need to have some a little bit more precision with that one. Alright, so what does that say? You two please rejoin the players over there on top of the truck. We are playing Simon Says and Call of Duty if you're joining right now. Glad you guys are watching live. Alright, great. These tires don't deflate. That's too bad. One moment. That one does. Great. Swifter says former single file line. That means you're either in front of someone or behind somebody. One. The order doesn't matter too much. Yeah, thank you all you guys and YouTube for dropping a like. Thank you everyone on TikTok for double tapping the screen. I think that's also a like on TikTok. You guys on on Twitch. I don't know you guys can just be you. Alright, great. Swifter says follow the person in front of you. Great. Alright, Oling Wolf. Follow me. Oh. Poor guy. Actually, thank you very much. We got we have a great lobby here. What is this for you? And any reason you didn't follow the person in front of you? Yeah. Because you can first have that kind of size. Yep. So just as far as the person in front of you, please. He's not moving. He's not moving. He's not moving. He's not moving. He's not moving. What do you mean? He said follow. He's not moving. They're over there. Are you really following them if they're not if they're not moving towards them? Come on. Come on. Spirit of the game. Bandit bow. Think. Great. Swifter says Kiwi, please follow me. Swifter says no running. If possible. Just walk. I like this map because it's so sunny. It reminds me of a Mercado. Okay, like a target. Alright, attacker breaking out the grandma walk. Alright, that's fine. Oh, my god. Alright, so this is Kiwi. Wait right here. Alright, so just as you can run if you want. Let's hurry this up. That doesn't even back. Probably. Let's see. Can I get on top of this? I feel like I can. Oh, I can. Perfect. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I am trying to figure out how many game I'm around this. If we do a parkour challenge, you know what? Let's do an exclusion. So. Swifter says everyone's around. You over here without getting off the floor. Yep, you can be under me, around me, whatever. Keep it fair. Alright, so here's the way it'll work. A drop of smoke. Smoke clears, whoever's on top will be safe from the mini-game. The people who are not on top will have to do something a little bit dangerous. Swifter says begin. Oh, well, that was not smoke, my bad. That was around mini-game yesterday. Only four people. Five people. Safe. No space. Five. Four. Three. Two. Ending mini-game. One. Swifter says freeze. Alright, we have five people up here. Let's get their names. We got Ghost Hunter, Beast Gaming, Last Noob, Serien and Orange Bandit. Don't worry, man. That's a dangerous mini-game. It's not instant death. Swifter says everyone else. He's formed two single-file lines facing each other. Oh, no. Oh, no. I don't like this. I do this all the time. If you guys watched in the episode, right, this mini-game, you know exactly how. I really don't like this. Here. I'll tell you guys exactly what's going to happen. Swifter says, one person across from you. So in the past, I was in these mini-games where I go, like, when I run in front of you, after I pass you, shoot the guy in front of you. And then I'll shoot each other and then I go, I didn't say a swiftness in a very cocky voice that I kill you. I'm going to do that again. I'm going to try and trick you. All right? So when I run in front of you, after I pass you, don't shoot me. You can kill the person you're aiming at. Here we go. Excellent. Excellent. Wow. That means, yeah, everyone's paying attention. Last new? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, last new. Last time, no, man. I got a spipe for you right here. And they're pushing me. Who pushed you? Aim at the bad man who pushed you. Serien. Sort of, Serien, come on over, man. I didn't do nothing. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. It all be a Serien. Last new. So you can't believe that Serien pushed you off there? Yeah, because I was right in the middle. Serien, why would you push this man? What did he do to you? I didn't move. I didn't move. Actually, I think, Bandit was moving. He was pushing me. And by pushing me, I was automatically pushing him. So the domino effect. Okay, let's test that. So does Serien please stand over here? You're going to test your domino effect. So you're going to push. You're going to push. Last new. And if I see Wolf, you're right over here, move. Your theory is correct. And we'll kill it, Bandit. All right. So does that. Serien pushed this entire line of people. Go. Domino effect. Look, he just got pushed. He just got pushed. I'm waiting for Wolf, you're right. I'm waiting for Wolf, you're right moving. Man, domino effect. Bro, we're testing your theory. It will take forever. It will take forever. But it's a real thing. It's a real thing. 100%. I think, you're mixing it with a real thing is with like with the, with the magic nations, which was a stop. All right, last new Serien, I'm going to show you something called, what is real in this game. Bullets are real in this game. So does this both of you guys. Stand over here. Here are the rules for you guys in the line. So it says you are only allowed to shoot These two players once they pass in front of you that means you're you know, it's just aim across from you Look at the number the top of the screen you're locked at that angle Oh, I'm locked it in your seat. No, my recommendation to all of you guys both these lines Just let them go Just let them pass don't shoot them you can't if you want but don't shoot them if you kill the wrong person the person across from you You die a piece thing you can do the best thing you do is literally not shoot anybody This should be the most uneventful mini game of all time these two guys will just run through no one dies Okay, so it says you guys may shoot if you want by recommend you don't so it says you two guys all if they do Just run between the Oliver and one of your make your way to me. So it says Syrian last new begin Thank you, wow, I was hoping Syrian would die. Thank you Wow, man another Syrian move there. There. I go. That's why Syrians a favorite all right good job So there's a Syrian please go back to the top over there with your other pals Okay, that's what he gets for accusing me like that. I had a hard attack. I saw I saw him slide by that was very scary The schmackens matter knock me in the dome All right, now it's time for danger So it says we are going to divide these two lines in half. So it was aim at the person in front of you So it says you will kill the person only one person that one person you only killed that one person across from you once I run past you So it says if you die and your kill cam show this shot you before I passed let me know and they will be punished So just prepare yourselves half of you will die I Didn't die so that's a win. All right. Good job. All right If you want to pick up if you want to pick up any weapons from the people you killed go ahead. That's your Let the spoils God damn having 200 light of people. I didn't say Swiftress says but it's very hard for me to tell who did that God damn it That was a trick. Swiftress says please follow me everybody Yeah, you know I thought I would die also How do you join back I Once you're in this game just stick around man. You'll be around from next round. We're doing board of patrol after this We're back where we started. Oh, wow back where we started When I climb this wall Yes, I can great Swiftress says everyone on top of this wall. I should fit everyone now that we have less players Swiftress says please make room for everybody I Thoughts eat something we're believe in very we've been pasting the game. Okay, where are we? How many minutes is the lobby? Yeah? 23 minutes is good Swiftress says and while everyone on that fence everyone's not on top of that fence. We're gonna divide you guys again You have 18 seconds get it done So it says 18 seconds go. Okay, well everyone on top of this fence figure it out move 13 10 nobody's moving nine work together here Six So it says freeze Okay, all right. We have too many people for this fence. Let's fix that Swiftress says everyone come on down Two single file lines facing each other Hey, we don't guys see what you've done sort of says two single file lines equal lines if possible So it says you will aim your gun at the person across from you I'll do a count So it says Sammy actually hang on one two three four five six seven eight one two three four five six seven all right good enough One of you guys will be safe Swiftress says aim at the player across from you want to make sure they you kill them before they kill you Swiftress says when I say the name of any kind of tree You'll kill the player in front of you Or leave Clover Arugula Joke tree So does that stop? Was this ghost? Sammy come on over What kind of tree is that what's it even said it was a joke? It was a joke. Oh All right, what did you guys think what do you guys think I said? Well, it sounds like oh well, it's well It's what you said oh great. Yeah, oh, well, it's well, it's not used in game chat man These are not we are recording. Thank you. All right So you guys thought I said what? Oak they said oak tree You thought I said bloke tree oh tree oak tree broke tree oh So does that stop huh guys? So silly lightning come on over. I didn't say real tree yet So he says you too come stand over here I I have no players I have no players to kill you you five go on top of that fence again just go So it says you five on top of the fence Someone kill sir. Oh, thank you bandit. Thank you. Did I? So this is one of the snares where this have you guys like kill each other unfortunately Swiftress says no Oh I mess with the says yo What the hell? So does you five what did I say Swiftress says go the guy is this what says guy? I don't know I said switch says yo You know what you said no I said yo I thought I said yo maybe you know maybe I pronunciation I heard go I said yo if you guys heard go it just means I chose the wrong word those two close All right, well You're knowing yo thank you if you heard yo You heard it right but you know what I'm not gonna punish you for that Swiftress says Sully please do you want to go on top of that fence You know what yo and go are too too close that was that was That was my fault. I wouldn't have done it if I you know I believe I believe you It blew up pronunciation you know confusion issues are our challenge All right now you guys all fit on your Swiftress says you six please spread out At least I joined the game I don't care There's more games don't worry guys. This is the appetizer for today's lobby Swiftress says it's nice at all. We're playing we're playing board of patrol after this so please Let's set the moping dial to zero while we finish the game We're all in looping. I was just saying this my first game But daddy I had a point four percent of chance to be here. I'm happy. Glad you guys are here Great Now literal let's focus on the final players here one of these people will be the winners of the game Swiftress says This is a grenade run for your life This is a stunt don't run All right This is gonna be a very dangerous game guys. I will throw grenade over there The first person jump off the fence the safety will die The moment one other person jumps off you can and should jump off to safety Swiftress says ghost players I need your help Please keep track of who jumps off first Acquemide if all of you guys play this game of chicken and no one gets off the fence You will all die you all have 25 health explosion from this grenade will be enough to easily kill you if you're anywhere remotely close by If you're the first person jump off and everyone else dies you do win the game though That is one exception to the rule Any questions Swiftress says good luck Searing jump offers It was serious it was serious it was serious Serian Did you guys take any damage from that by the way? No problem all right we're playing the same game again I think the problem there was only through one grenade this time will throw two grenades Yep, it's just the same exact rules First to get off dies unless everyone else dies in which case you win the game One two switch us go Well, instead oh One more Nice all he did two players left solely beast gaming good job guys kill each other So it was as well to be followed me please Restraint these guys are professionals Oh, yes, we'll have a final park core game Hey, that's a parker. Oh Nice and park So just please wait right there guys. We make sure this is actually doable You Looks doable to me All right great Here's the way the game works You want to get as close to this middle gray column as you can You have one shot If you miss you lose Swiftress says both of you guys stand on the windowsills So you're ready Whoever has more of their body When they land on the Gray pillar or column will be the winner If you miss You'll automatically die both of you guys miss We'll do a different mini game All right, ready set go Pretty good Swiftress says go Oh That's the first No, no, no, hang on hang on. It's only me the right play. Listen if Sully landed it like that He's sort of automatically lost. There's no way he would have won. So there's there's risks in going first and going second So beast made the right gamble, but I believe the strategy was to go first. I think that being Oh, yeah, it would be great. There was the was the right play, but It didn't work out that time. All right, so just beast gaming congratulations man Hey You'd like you know, you can say hello or shout anyone you know they care about or whatever go for it Well, this is my second game win all of mdb3. That's what was on Sunday. That's appreciate there I also shout out to my girlfriend ivory, you know, love it to be says or the shadow Dev won here And also shout out to you swear to policies games every day Awesome. We'll take a break sometime. Yeah, you are guys you heard it. He said take a break I'm taking days off Right great game guys GG's beast GG's I didn't know it was your first win on Sunday. Oh my god After oh Oh He was mixed I want to kill his defiance Oh All right, okay guys GG