 What is up everyone welcome the Swiftress has sir Surfing this man was excited to play Swiftress says everyone surround him No, don't touch us. What does this surround him? On the same check him for any illegal goods. Hopefully now weapons we all have weapons. Um, I found something I found something Dark Swiftress is dark are you okay man? The troller dropped out of my hands. Oh, yeah, while I was picking up my microphone that fell to the floor That's unfortunate so does this dark please come up here All right, so does it's a good thing you dropped you picked up your microphone because you need that mic So you're gonna tell a joke any joke you want And these guys no the audience watching will not be doing it. It'll be uh These guys voting go for it Got a joke ready Well, I was saving one for the you know you can get a liver if you want to you want to live you're gonna use your joke now This guy goes to play golf and he Seems confused on the front nine so he sees a lady and asks her man. Can you tell me what hole I'm on She says well, I'm on the seventh hole So your one hole behind me you must be on the sixth you look sadder and thanks sir Later on in the back nine same thing happens says man I'm a little lost what hole am I on she says well, I'm on the 14th hole You're one to hold behind me you must be on the 13th hole He looks again and says thank you After all the golfing is said and done They he sees are at the bar walks up to her and says let me buy you a drink you were very helpful to me today She goes all right Um, yes, what he she does for a living she says I'm in sales But you'll probably laugh at what I sell he goes no no, why promise I won't She goes I sell tampons he drops to the floor immediately laughing She goes I told you you laugh at me goes no no you don't understand I'm in sales too. I sell toilet paper So I'm still one hole behind you What up? There I go there I go all right So if it says you guys like the joke wrap you All right, you'll you stood back up black mamba Right, so does everyone that's crouching go back to the wall over there 123 Five like your joke Is he six to not like the joke wow You know what I like the joke thus it's gonna be even now six b six So it says the six of you black mamba you change your you mind about the joke I wasn't um I was like proning so I was like oh like many stand up So it says we're in lap shoulder shoulder. I'm gonna take a tie to mean that you don't die. So it says lap shoulder shoulder I liked it Yep, so does the left shoulder shoulder. Yeah, you're good. You're good area Great once again only do what I say when I say swift or says Swift or says turn around Good take five steps back One two three four five You two gentlemen, I noticed that no one else is moving back So does this dark desert eagle and dark come on back up over here Just not my day yet. Oh wow Come on over that's okay man. Look what doesn't kill you Make you stronger for something that's something all right So dark it's your first time up for that first time man. You know drop the joy. No big deal. That's the eagle Um, is this your first game with me Whoo At I don't hear you may if you're talking I don't hear you All right, he said it's his fourth game slip. Oh, what do I have a muted? I must have a muted hang on Let's fix that Let's fix that All right, uh who are you on Ah, Motley. Yes, there I go. I did you meet it for a good reason your microphone's trash. What's going on? I don't know I can't help it. Oh you are gonna help. I'm meeting you again. Good luck. All right There I go What the heck anyway All right So You both guys both made a mistake. Don't worry. Why don't you get to go back The line. Yes, that's right. So does look at each other you guys are totally gonna kill each other when To possess Want both of you to actually look at this line You guys will be it says you guys will be a lot to look at each other the moment every single person Has turned around over here. Okay, the second they're not facing this To the south anymore once all of them are facing away from the south you guys can kill each other All right We'll go two way game All right, here we go So it says this is for all of you guys. We're still staring at the wall So it just says jump crouch So it says turn around if you have a number in your name Yet So it says turn around if you have an S in your name You Turn around if you have the letter why in your name Turn around Wait zero did you just turn around you do the sifter says with the start but not for each one So they just says Swiffer says if you have the letter why in your name turn around All right, we got two players left to have a turn around great Swiffer says If you have the letter X in your name turn around Swiffer says we have an S in your name turn around If you have a senior named turn around If you're facing a wall turn around Swiffer says if your character is wearing a cape turn around You might not know that If you have two shoes on turn around Last person turn around dies go Oh So it's this turn around Hahaha So delayed it yeah Good job dark you just so slowly turn around All right so it says dark That was strike two so it doesn't make your way into the line Every time you fail man You may have worn out a more not have extra lives All right swifter says please follow me Uh to um Motley crew if you can hear me man You gotta fix your microphone the next time you play a man figure right out So does this stop Make your way inside and get comfortable Swiffer says go inside Hmm First spacious Almost it's kind of cozy in here but this rug is giving me OCD Is this is this seat too big for the both of us? Yeah, this rug is giving me OCD All right swiffer says welcome This is uh This is a zero bedroom apartment you've got a spacious living quarter over here Uh comes this fine full wheelchair Plus for when you have you know the hunguis you can come into your kitchen Use your fridge your sink you can you know make some stuff in a pan Uh Current going rate is about $15,000 a month But you know what sounds like a lot but yeah exactly if you guys split amongst all yourselves over here you guys can um You know you can easily afford it So just a little shoulder shoulder We can live on the floor so good like I said So it says $15,000 a month to rent this unit But just look around do the math Yeah Swiffer says last person crouching and it's on me the answer Which is a zero coming me man you're the perfect person It was zero If each one of you not including me I had to split $15,000 how much would you be paying per month? You Zero it would be it would be Can you google any faster one That was 500 Wait 1500 all right hang on zero that was a big delight for you to tell me the wrong answer sort of says zero Uh tell me how many roommates you have You 11 and then me ask it Okay now How many people would we need in this room to live in this room for that for the 1500 to be accurate Uh 10 now it's accurate there we go All right, Swiftus says unfortunately because the blood stayed on the floor I mean or fortunately you know I've had to reduce the price on this unit now This unit only costs $9,000 a month All right, Swiftus says the last person stand up will have to calculate the price for me All right, so it says dark come on down man All right, so it's dark if it's $9,000 a month the rent this unit And you each have to split it you also have to pay for a 1300 out of deposit a $700 you know one time cleaning fee um But the 1300 dollar pet fee the $17 cookies and cream fee and the $5 a ball guy showed you this you know rental So he gets a cut fee if you took that and you split it evenly between all of you guys what would the what would the amount be? I Couldn't It would be I'm a dead man because you said that all too fast It was intentional man. It was intentional. You can go back to the light. Good joke Oh, no Okay, wait a minute No problem, man. So there's no problem, but Swiftus also Swiftus also says unload Oh man, there's too much blood on the carpet. All right guys. Swiftus says the student is no longer on the market Apparently it's illegal with this much blood to like rent it out. It's not livable. They say Swiftus has fallen me outside this window. I like how you're only worried about the flood help on all the hoes Thank you for making me love this game ever so much more My pleasure. Oh, it's a pleasure, man. All right. Swiftus says please follow me I Wait Oh, geez Ah you guys remember this mini game Oh We don't have a clear to do this mini game. Oh God I do remember this mini game. I remember getting melted right around this corner That was fun In the close game it's a close game Got bar great. Swiftus says form a single file. I'm sorry. Swiftus says make a line shoulder shoulder over here. Oh my lag Swiftus says are good enough All right one note There's a proximity mine in the water over here. It's a little hard to see But it's there Guys have all very little health. So even if you're far away it might still kill you With that said Swiftus says you must run down this ditch. There's no other path allowed The last person behind me to get behind me is gonna die Swiftus says begin I'm not afraid The last person behind me does Oh But the real slimshanie Swiftus says please come on down Slimshan I'm gonna give you a chance to live You're gonna race me Swiftus is coming with me If you can beat me get it get another chance you get to live All right is that your fastest weapon Oh, yeah, all right here we go All right Swiftus says let's see your sully Swiftus when Swiftus says when sully says go we're both gonna run all right in the first person to touch any of those players over there wins got it Yep All right for the sully whenever you're ready Go Oh good he's lag Oh, no, like a peover's lagging You made it congratulations Swiftus says they're gonna follow me And I mean right I've got who's the damage That's a bald man advantage air aerodynamic that's right So we've done stuff over there already Swiftus is freeze one moment I need to uh Perfect All right, so it says there are two four clips over here this mini game will involve those two four clips and creating two teams Go ahead two is one four clips and get on top of it that's your team Swiftus says go Here we have done two play two life searches as before Santa Claus two lives is one life too many So Great we got our two teams good job a kill the other team I knew you guys wouldn't do it. Where's why I said it all right I will say though for this mini game two of you have to die one person or missed each team All right, so let's we have five people here When we have four people here it's become four and three If If it's any different than that or people will die Oh what That's why I didn't cover up the smoke boo I don't want to stop no the smoke just didn't consume you guys that's too bad Maybe sir right on the I'm out of smoke grenades. I'm out that's it. I have one I still have one I still have one too Okay, which is both you police thoughts your smoking aids down here both you Which is a stone down Someone fell off the fork lift Let's get this deep out so Lee you're ruining the mini game bro I smoked three chargers one Oh, it's not wait. Oh, do you have that oh you know you know maybe I don't have that best you're right I do okay. We don't need we don't need smoke to play this mini game Just make it four and three go Ah Why I don't know it jack frost So does the jack please turn around Oh, yeah, oh my god I'm doing two in theaters in 2024 issues here Swift recess everyone please follow me Jack that was really mean that her is is um is doing good I I haven't even read the books or watch the movies. I like the first one for the second one is supposed to be more action movie Movie issue. Oh, there you go. Welcome. Yeah, this room reminds me of oh no death Fight club So no, so if you says what's the first one rule don't talk about it Who just broke that rule You technically because you talked about congratulations. What is a snapper as volunteer to be a first fighter in fight clubs So the snapper come on over All right, then fight club be mainly only I knew my time would come if it says The first person crouch will face off against snapper Sully it's you Everyone else So does everyone else make a circle Make a ring Guys it's not a ring. No, no, so does it make a ring without Sully shadow or myself Yeah, um, they're good. That's good. Yeah. Yeah, there you go. Okay. Okay. That's good. All right. So does Sully Snapper please go inside the circle So one v1 situation you guys don't have very much from the work with Me over in a flash when I fire my gun a fight club begins Silence everybody God didn't fall for that. So what does that stab each other Well So all right, so it says it turns out fight clubs legal so does follow me. I might get soon I knew I was less than a bit too long this round I'm sorry sniper. I'm sorry You're not good. Okay. All right, so it says we're gonna divide you guys divide this turn this lobby from six Good three. It's that time of match. We're only 20 minutes in we're gonna end this game There's a split two teams of three Three people on white van three people on the SUV or whatever the Jeep Santa's over here Santa page get off Santa time You don't want to get off You know what fine We're work We're having a bit of a new dot. It shouldn't be this hard All right, the three Santa's don't want to hang out together I want to have the same over here. It's only like us for some reason. We're apparently not Ah Santa's unite All right, we'll be a finale with three Santa's we'll be a finale with These guys All right, this game is very simple guys. So what does says you are not a lot to shoot the other players Is this gonna be a matter of who blows up the other vehicle first So what does says aim at the other vehicle So what says you can start flowering at the other vehicle when I say the name of a movie with Jackie Chan So it says jump if you know Jackie Chanis Everybody knows who Jackie Chanis. You know Jackie Chan was in I don't know I don't want this happen immediately kind of you have some fun get there Some some fake ones out there first. All right, let's let's throw a few fake ones rush hour rush hour is not fake guys. It's right fire the other vehicle What how did I am very disappointed in the power techniques of modern warfare three Hmm EOD two power of Santa the North Pole just kill the other team Hey bandar you better not he was expecting so much gunfire Swiftress says swap vehicles So Swiftress says swap again Swiftress says swap again Swiftress says swap again Swap again So If you say chill the other players Good as that chill not kill Swiftress says when I say the word kill again will kill the other team Phil chill pill till Lil will chill Phil Jill Nell Till Zell Will Phil Chill Fire Kira Fail Well Male Kale Rail Kill Say it Say it Oh No, no, the undead on dead Santa Stupid died All right, I'll keep you gun oh Swift the uh the knife that the knife that was dropped is called swift death. Yep my knife should pick it up You can pick it up. Oh Interesting No, I'm good But you picked it up Swiftress didn't say pick up the knife That's a boring and out throw. Sorry. Swiftress has followed me both of you guys Oh Man Dude you better get me a lesson man you can lost the game right there All right, so it was that I would make you way up there Uh, sorry That was actually really good though to be fair That's what I do man. So it says please stand on top of the fence All right, listen Santa As a very particular set of skills Right Santa Knows who you are He will find you and he will give you a gift He's also very good at coming down to chimneys Let's roleplay, which is as imagine this was a chimney right here. We'll hold Little swift ore here is seven years old He's written to Santa seven years in a row For hair every year Santa Please give me hair Your job is to make this little boys dreams finally come true The first person down this chimney to give me hair wins the game go Swiftress says of course it won't be that easy I've tried for 42 years now. Swiftress says please spread out on the gate So does if you fall off the gate The other player can shoot you so just make sure your weapons are out This will be a melee battle but only using your gun bitch. I just said keep your guns out That's the second time you best hungry Don't worry You deserve to lose this just so you know The record you deserve to die Well that's not nice Swiftress says this is melee only You must stand top defense Swiftress says if you fall off you automatically lose Swiftress says begin You Tell these already gotten some practice he was part of fight clip today Uh I'm the fight club champion I'm really the fight club bro you can't take a title from a non-related game Oh you did win swiftress says even though you even leave me like 15 mistakes along the way Uh All right gg hungry what's your shout sorry silly. I was really hoping you'd win that one Yeah, I'm I'm a little first. It was a thing but it's all right Hungry shout out my my shout out um It's gonna be back to uh myself twitch. I'll see you for a slash. I was hungry. So I there you go Can a moderate on twitch please give him a shout out You'll see his name pop up on the twitch chat and the button to follow will be right there So you know show some love and drop him a follow All right, but that said. Oh, that was good game