 What is up everyone? Welcome to the first swifter says in mind warfare 3. Uh, you know, I always thought that the first swifter says was undirrailed by a duck to my footage and that was not the case. Swifter says T back the ground. Who? T back the ground. Back the ground. Alright, alright. Stop that. Stand up straight. Stop that. I'm visual, I didn't say swifter says. It was on terminal, so it's nice to be back. Alright, swifter says only do what I say when I say swifter says. Swifter says crouch. Ooh, some delay there. Some delay. It's just delay. Alright, swifter says. Stand. Last person to crouch dies. You're so lucky. Oh, that's not nice. I'm one of the first time dying via flashbang. But it was what could wolf please follow me? How you doing wolf? Alright, wolf. You have a chance to live. It's not going to be a good chance though. Alright, so you have a challenge. Your job will be to, let's see your jump from here onto the red block right behind you there. Let me see if I can do it. I failed. I feel like you can do it. Alright, we can wolf again to be in position and get a shot. That's the post. So we do a problem though. I didn't say swifter says go up here. No. No, this is not my execution. Oh, geez. Come on. Come on to the face. Come on to the face. We still need the brick back. Yeah, I wish. Okay, great. Like I was saying, last person to crouch dies. Um, I can't believe I fell for that. Wow, Bart. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm always the person to have my finger on the button. I don't know. That's okay. You know, mistakes happen. Everyone gets caught with this. Swifter says Bart, you can come up here. All right. All right, Bart. You just actually have to do that challenge. Okay. No dolphin diving allowed though. I don't know if it's possible. Now, if you run and jump, you're definitely going to die. If you're going to jump and don't land on the red block. Swifter says everyone here is going to get a fire. So Swifter says Bart, you can give it a shot whenever you're ready. Guys, if you lands on the red block, beat land on it. The damn. I was close. He was close. He was close. He was close. That's sure. He was going to die. All right. All right. Swifter says it's time for some role play. Swifter says it's time to role play as doing real sexy. Luggage. Swifter says luggage. Load yourself on the back of this. I don't know what this thing's called. Anyone working for, I know what these things are called. I know what you're standing on. I don't know what it's called. It's just a luggage truck. Sure. Let's go with that one. Luggage wagon. There he is. Z-bow. Oh, that's a new. Yeah. Here we go. There's some. There's some body in this luggage. Swifter says follow me. Swifter says I went up over here. I'm lovely. I can't sense how to enjoy you. Swifter says get as high as you can on here. One of the time. Let me jump. Let me jump. Let me jump. Let me jump. Let me jump. Let me jump. Let me jump. Let me just fly up here. Fly up here. For about. Hey, don't fall off. Don't fall off. Oh, no. No one's gonna put up there. Swifter says just go as high as you can. Oh, no big deal. I'm not even swinging it. What do you mean? No one's running. Swifter says freeze. Luggage says last person through this ramp dies. Yeah, I'm like second. Oh, oh. Oh, no. Are you serious? Yeah, I guess. Who jinks it? Who jinks it? Almost my doll. Did I make it? What happened, man? I'm in it. I died. I pushed it. I pushed it. What happened? I have a little bit of a little. Maybe you're in the floor. He left. Are you fine, Rainbow? He's fine. He's not fine. Look at this man. Why? How can I do it? He's like in. He's like in. He's walking. He's walking. Oh, my god. I'm going to have to do this. Get out. Get out. Get out. Oh, there you go. You mean to cement the shoes? Am I in the cold, guys? I'm so cold. Yeah. You're going to have a special idea about that. I don't really know where. We're doing a mood war. You lost to get on the plane. Slow, yeah. All right. Sorry, Johnny. Swiffer says, oh, you're dead. Swiffer says the last person up here dies. Go. Reverse. I'm weird. What? Where you just came from? Oh, yeah. Let me out, guys. All right, you're going to go to the muggly. Geez, Louise. Oh, no. We'll be. We'll be. Oh. Oh, that's the first one. Let me ask the other person. Let me ask the other person. Yes, of course. Hey, make space. Make space. Make space. No, don't make space. Too many people will bump that. Oh, please. I'm begging. Well, let's get one out. Try to make space. Please, as G come on over. I'm going to get one out. I'm late space. I'm late space. As G. What's up, guys? As G, come on. Hey, man. All right, as G. I have a feeling you're going to be OK, man. Swiffer says there's one else. Go down to the lowest level of this platform. I need to as G at the top of this. Dude, I do have two more down. So does as G please make your way to the very top. Be top. All right, as G. Your opponent is not me or anyone else here. Your opponent here is his name starts with a G. What do you think that name is? Gravity. Yes, who's that gravity? Was that as G? That was that was that was that was that was snow for us. Oh, snow for all. No, no, no, no. That's crystal for us. Correct. Your enemy is gravity. But what is S G? All you need to do, man, is run and land in front of me and not die. Your health is set to 50. But I also left perks on and all that stuff. So I don't know, it might work. So the Swiffer says S G. All you gotta do is run and jump and land in front of me. And if you survive, you're free to go. Swiffer says S G begin. Oh, please, that's the again. Oh, wow. You did it. It's fall damage is pointing. All right, you're good to go. All right, Swiffer says everyone follow me inside. All right. All right, we're gonna try and stuff as many people. Oh, no, you can't go between here anymore. Oh, no. That's too bad. We're moving right there. Wow. Yeah. That's okay. All right, you know about. All right, Swiffer says up over here, please. That's later stuff will come later. It's on my mind. This is a really smart effort, so I'm like, I just really... Yes, it's an important video game. You got it. All right, Swiffer says former triangle using the space. Excuse me, how sorry? Come on. Yeah. Line up against claws. That's what I'm gonna do. Yeah. Yeah. There's too many people on the tip. Let me get back over there. No gaps. Okay, I'm gonna have to go on the tip. Right up, right up. No. There's too many people on the tip. I'm going to... What? What? Do he what? You already had a pot to lose. All right, all right, what we have here is roughly a triangle. It's pretty good. I'm gonna need you guys to transform into another shape after I throw it on the smoke. That shape is going to be a square. Swiffer says, yeah, former square. Swiffer says, yeah, former square. Corners, just corners come in. Just corners come in. Just corners come in. All three of them stand in the middle. All three of them stand in the middle. All three of them stand in the middle. Just sort of just a space. Just a little like a smaller triangle. This is not a very good. This is not a very good, good one. Swiffer says, going to prone. A lot of you're gonna die, unfortunately. Oh, yeah. Well... That's a proxy, man. Swiffer says, go. All right, go. No! Go! Oh! No one's that. Oh, my. For real, man. I don't know. Listen to me. What in me? That's okay. Luckily, I'm got munitions box. Trey. Trey. Oh, no, no. Trey. All right. Swiffer says, don't move. You guys might have your EOD stuff on, which is annoying, but that's all right. Anyway. Why are you up here, man? What the fuck? Don't touch nothing. You know what I'm about to do? You know what I'm just laying on top of each other. Of course, you know what I'm saying. Mechanics of proximity minds might have changed in this game. Maybe like any kind of movement triggers it. So how y'all doing? All right. Last person get on the wing of the plan dies. Go. What does that say? I saw you, bro. Oh, I saw you. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Oh, wait, Taz, give you a way. Hello, newt. Oh, hi. How's it going? I believe so. I may have seen you stand up. Yeah. It was newt, come with me, man. Simple challenge. Look at that, man. SG Survives Challenge. I'm definitely not going to make the challenge harder. But it's newt. What may, man? Yeah. There's newt, please stand right here. I'm going to find you someone to race. Oh, okay, but. All right, I'm still asked for volunteer. Does anyone want to race newt? Do you over here? Boy, it's here. Yes. It says. Yes. That's sort of that squiggles one over. Of course, it's a home lander skin that wants to face it. If he says Swift, it says I would have. Yeah. Notting. He has a notting. I want to do it. All right. So it says you guys back to back. I mean, sorry, yeah, back to the plane. Great. This is really simple. You guys need any path you want. Your job will be to just get back to the players over. The first person to get inside will live. Swift versus go. Wow. That was actually really close. That was close. This gun is not a satisfying as the revolve from MW2. Oh. Damn. Yeah. Oh, shame. All right. That's okay. It's all right. We can still, I can still use the MW2 revolver to the the bass list. Wasn't a satisfying. All right. Great. Anyway, last person to stand dies. Swift versus says follow me. Great. So does this once you're in the bookstore, please go look at a book with Russian writing on it. I sense the trap on which this everybody. Wow. So it says the book you were looking at must have Russian on it. Russian writing. You have five seconds to select a book. Five. Anpan version. Four. Three. Two. One. And Swift says freeze. It's inspection time. All right. Russian. Russian. You guys are good. Let's see. Okay. Oh, that's Russian. MAPA. Igwee. The VGNOT. That's the Russian. No Russian. No Russian. Resolutions really low. Yeah. I tend to reduce the volume. It's like the museum. MAPA actually. You know, I can help you get us closer view. Inspector mode. All right. Let's see here. That's Russian. Tell and jumble soon when you're looking at the very bottom row. Got one. Yeah. Yep. Looks good. So does Miracat. Can you back up from one? I want to inspect your book. Sir. What does this. Miracat, can you read your book? I don't know Russian. So I didn't know. You think it's Russian, bro? I don't know. No. No Russian, bro. Since it's like a beauty. They hit like two little riding in the white. What? I don't know. That's a guy's name. Sarcus, yeah. All right. All right, Banner. I can't find a Russian book. You could not find a Russian book in this entire. I went to the wrong side. I went to the wrong side, okay. You saw this book, like, yeah, I'm done. I'm so good at it. I swear there's no Russian code on that side. I swear they got on this side, man. So does says SG back up from moment. Geeky. Let's see here. I'm looking for Russian, guys. No, that's not right. No Russian. Dictionary. That's not Russian. That's what I'm on this side. I'm on this Russian, bro. So it says you five and you three over here. The only only four of you are the only people who find Russian books. That's okay. I understand. You know, I mean, it's very, it's messed up. Then I expect everyone here to know what Russian is. So does everyone on this side? So does this follow me? Yep. So does says look at the name of the store. So does says crotch that looks Russian to you. You're not sure if it's Russian? It's Russian. If you're not sure, you can say give us a name. It's a book store. It says bookstore. What does it say? Book store? All right. All in all. All in all, if you're not sure if that's Russian, right? You're gonna trust me that in fact was Russian. Now. That is Russian. Thank you for reading, please. I'm going to break the magazine. All right. So we're also going to practice another language. That was made the right move. All right. Silence. All right. So what just says everyone in this group over here? Find a partner. Only half of you will live by the way. If I set the tone. No. Maybe. Oh. No. This game and this game and this. No. No. No. Doc would men. End of part. This gaming that was very. Nah. Infinite worry men. What does that think? Stand right over here, man. We won't participate in this one. Can I switch with that. No. All right. Swift says. When you hear the name. Of a word That is Russian Malay the your partner listen carefully like it says I'm like vodka anytime Wait you broke up what are we supposed to do when you say when I say a Russian word you guys will mail your partner for example if I said vodka So delayed Sputter with that I'm so sorry Anthony you weren't picked by anybody man, so you know what now you get to do the picking man It was Anthony pick one person from this group over here for for a 1v1 mini game Just as hurry up Boss man there we go. So does boss man and finally please face each other in this hallway All right, once again, this will be a melee base mini games which just has to take out your melee weapon Yeah, sure that works All right now not everyone knows Russian I get it man about Spanish when I say a word from Spanish You will be a lot to melee your partner when those DS Yeah, home lander I did not say swift recess Swifters says it wouldn't follow me to burger town it's time you get guys deserve a snack Oh, that was hilarious. I will avenge you guys Swifters says when I said was time for a snack I might was time for me to get a snack So does everyone to the kitchen time to cook me a burger. Yeah Look at these burgers. I like your burger well done Suspice as he wants an order of deluxe cheese fries Which is as he also wants an order of the signature burger? So it says he also wants A double cheese burger hold the whole that's made us I wouldn't do that in real life by the way I love tomatoes So just get cook and let's go Go funny me just account But there's no such thing as we go boys. I've got a big lump All right, so does everyone come out time to time to and the test What if we cooked a bunny oh I can't get through I see reality Those what's gonna happen so just as look at me All right, great Like kind of three you turn around you're gonna fire bullet at the very first food item I mentioned on those three things I ordered I Wrote the wrong food item so does this Look at me All right, like I said When I count three you'll turn around you'll fire one bullet at the food item second food item I mentioned I Think that's what I said. Yeah, don't just as go I just Completely forgot I Pettitles all of you guys shot at the burgers. Yes, I said the deluxe cheese fries was that my second thing No, actually that wasn't I think my second thing was a first thing. Yeah, the fries was the first thing the signature burger was number two Which one is the signature burger please tell me what's this one? You know this is a dummy game. It's all right. Oh me. This dummy Swiftress says follow me So it says line up a sign for the male Victor test Watch somebody go through it before I'm gonna miss my flight. Swiftress says if you walk through this and it does not beep you die. Swiftress has one in time go ahead Pass So it says one in a time. Yep They do longer You gonna go So Accessways Everybody hang on you've been randomly selected by a TSA for for inspection. Don't worry man. No, it's a Random system. Don't worry man. It only happens to happen to people of color or Middle East Norge Please come on me Okay, okay, so does funk please have a seat while we organize your inspection All right, all right, Swiftress says everyone with a proximity mind. What does a stand on this table over here? All right, so does the switch is if you don't have proximity mind, please stand over here excluding funk there we go All right, so does the rest of you guys hurry up get through here. I need you all right, so does this if you have a proximity mind come stand up over here Just us three are cool. So it's all three of us just toss our proximity minds. I don't want it on the carpet over there Just want it like you know Yeah, don't not too far. Yeah, not further than mine Not further than mine So just a stope for Okay, that's funny can work with this what does it you two carefully go back to players over there I think this is gonna be fine man This funk just returns to the players without triggering the mines. I think there's a lot of room over here I think without triggering the mines. Yeah, yeah, yeah, just don't trigger it Shit, he says what does this guy already got you. Yeah, yeah, it's what does it go If you pass that one you're good, come on come on There we go, all right easy That other one was kind of scary. I thought I was gonna go off for sure Now that you've done that I know I can go here Oh Right after says there are a total of 10 seats where I am So it just says there's only room for one player I need to see and I'm taking up one of them So it just says if you don't have a seat you're gonna die switcher says go Well it turns out there's enough seats for everybody Oh Hang on there's five seats here and there are six people There we go Great It's time for a little bit of a race here So what it says you four over here you'll be using the metal detector right over here You're Is you five over here this metal detector? Last team to completely get through their metal detector or their scanner isn't trouble swifters as go You know what I like You know I'm sorry team five came last I mean that is making a 5 before I That's not a good one swifter says follow me Now it was when I go wasn't a good one five before is no not fair all right Let's go into the the beauty store All right, let's see here I need four volunteers my volunteers. I mean victims So it just says everyone left shoulder shoulder in front of the cashiers I'm going to eliminate let me see your five people from this one those will be safe all right switchers as first person to jump is safe Which says then oh you're safe exit the room All right first person crouch is safe You two are not safe, so this is both of you guys. I didn't say switchers says look at a look at a purse I See more all right, that was what it fun. I'd seem to get you guys down to two people or trick two people all right Who says first person in prone is safe? That was you banners, which is go Which is as all of you guys stand up All right, which is says last two people jump or in trouble Which says you two look into these two purses go which is you three exit the room All right, this is gonna rely on the physics big and sink I'm gonna assume that when you guys shoot the purses that I'll see them be destroyed I'm pretty sure they will sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't I've these look distinct enough that they will So it says aim your gun at your purse Now The last purse to believe the shelf Well, me and their user is gonna die guys will begin when I fire my gun listen carefully I got a good angle go Howling wolf Did I say swifter says on the plus side I saw it move which is great I Look it was very actually hard to push off he shot and stayed there All right, so after says the last person get their purse off the shelf dies Let's go And not both the mind off I did shot that one back off But it says how many persons do see over here No Rescundating how many persons do see over here? I don't see any Really yeah, I see Oh All right, it's not completely in sync. Oh, we can go up here. All right, so it says all three of you guys appear please All right, which is the last person dropped out that the floor dies You Macaron Should have died in the game sneak peak of the next game. All right, so it says everyone please follow me. No No At least the gaming crash All right, so it says left shoulder got five minutes for finale But yeah, I mean players left seven players all right. Congratulations on surviving this thus far Swiftress isn't one exactly six people in this ladder seven personal dice, which is those go Go up there we go the one more person on here you need to go up go up a little Oh, I'm screwed. I want to see five people in this ladder in one more person Oh, two five go up a little bit. No problem. So it says you two Come on me If this says both you guys stand on on On the on the handrail for this escalator one on your side All right, we are race is a run down Handrail up all and off first person successfully do that will live Swiftress says go Sorry All right, Swiftress says all of you guys off the ladder got a minute if you pick a winner All right, let's see six players all right Swiftress says on the handrails pick one there's four handrails pick one Come on All right great Swiftress is reassuring the handrail with somebody kill them Bro god damn it Boxed me bud First person to reach me wins the game go Swiftress says first person to reach me wins the game go Yeah No winners Bro, bro, there's your competition What did he do? No, he got away with it. He got away with it. I Know Way earlier in the game that's that was a way earlier Congratulations in the winter band let's your shout out. Thank you I want to shout out everyone from the server that I met here and also my girlfriend Jordan All right, GG guys. Thanks for the first game many more to come GG. Oh Myself like to see what happened there Thank you, chat All right, you guys Good job. What I join our games doing our discord server just search Google or whatever search engine for Swift or discord and join in the links Don't are very reliable