 Yo what's up everyone welcome to Swiftress says we're back on DRC Swiftress says looks straight up Alright I saw some of you guys jumping if you want to get the jumping out of your system go for you have 10 seconds to jump as much as you want go for it Jump jump jump Yes yes sir yes sir Swiftress says you come with me Come come come I did not say Swiftress says sir There's two ways this yep yep you Swiftress is going there what's your name? Don't be shy what's your name Swiftress says look down You're not dead I haven't killed you yet. I want to have a conversation bro My violet Violet while why be so sad bro why why why be sad why not talk to me how come you're being so shy? I Had my mutin on my all good no worries. So it just says well it go with me Yeah, I'm here It was violet. We're not gonna kill you Wow, you really took it upon yourself to go into that truck huh? Sure Swiftress says in that truck until further notice It was violet you'll ignore all my commands unless I specifically tell you otherwise great I said Swiftress says you guys can look down by the way All right cool communications important to this stuff. This is a social game You know the games where no one talks are kind of like only quiet side and kind of boring I like it's you know when there's like a there's a balance. There's too much talking these two little talking There's in the isn't the center right big the centers Swiftress says make a circle You Take a circle no worse. Oh for the reclamation required no other details Oh Tetra Whoa, so what's this tetra there's no more circles done what happened there? No worries says tetra coin that you're gonna step inside the back of the truck now You got a new friend there we go Okay cool Swiftress says press your guys jump once As that's what just says it's doing yeah, all right, so it says jump twice All right So it says everyone aim your gun at my face The lasers no more I have complete faith I don't I'm not gonna say Swiftress says you're not gonna do it don't do it all right no matter what I say do not do it What you says jump fire It's a little nervous there will be real this wolf says crouch I think it's like a trust fall you know So it says last person to stand does Very hard to gauge and when you're inside the circle yeah, that's a pass great Swiftress says tie it up the circle We play this game the other the other day right where I try to get out I try to get through it without through you died listen. It's a lot to be a circle though. What is this? This is like Yeah, yeah So it says I want to take 10 steps back. Let's try this again All right, all right, let me explain. I want a circle with no gaps if you're not in the circle you will die So it says begin Close all the gaps if I can get through the gap I kill a person on my left and right That's what happened the last time y'all better close your in trouble you're not the circle You two Yeah, this is not going If you see the person next to you night in the circle You Says freeze if there's someone in front of you or behind you you are probably going to die right We have 10 more seconds to correct 10 Three One All right hang on hang on hang on Swiftress says everyone crouch Let's do a little examination here Don't just say sir you please stand up Yep, you're right here you're not in the circle Wow, so does you please stand up? Yep, just please stand up you great, so does you in the back please stand up? Or we're also good all right, so it says if you're crouching go into prune All right, so it says you three go into the back of that truck Okay, okay, you can do it there you are believe me. All right. Good job everyone. Please stand back up I'm fine I'm too he just did it I can do it too. I can do it too You know what that's fine Swiftress says crawl a little bit towards me Says crawl a little bit for the towards me Grace what does this stop? Run for your life No one and you guys are good all right Swiftress has stand up Swiftress has take ten steps backwards Good job all right Swiftress says everyone on top of this truck All right, it's gonna be a dangerous game for everyone involved Let me know where you went having a little trouble here There you go great here are the rules all of you guys on top of the truck are gonna fire down Into the truck You guys over here you guys have a special rule There are currently five of you back in the back of this truck right So it says when there's less than five of you alive back here you can run outside Got it You might think it's smart to hide on the edge, but you're very visible to people above you So good luck with that. I don't know. Look play it. Anyway, what the rule is as long as you leave when there's less than five people back here Then then you're good When I say less than five people I mean one of you die All right, Swiftress says everyone In the top you must When I give you the word I read through the roof of the truck You can't try and shoot some anyone that's left the truck understand Also be very careful if you shoot someone on top of the truck you also die This is gonna require extreme caution Great please use comments since y'all So to say got your weapon of choice I highly discourage any kind of explosive ammunition Those of us said on the front we have to a minute angle While this one really is again the old joy there huh. Yeah, good luck with that Ready set fire Well, just whiskey come on down Ha Whiskey's the guy who jumped out. Yeah, nope. Wait. No whiskey's up there Oh whiskey come on down Westgate wait, what I'm here. What do you mean? I'm the one that jumped down he didn't say swatters says Wait, but you killed somebody you killed somebody Wait, wait, you killed somebody You said less than five players, but I mean like he didn't say swatters says Oh Damn says Let's go over this again. Oh you got three Our last run out when there's only two players You are not allowed to fire your guns. I thought that was implied But what's will come from above Great sitting make my game just throws it good All right, so it says you guys on top aim down to the truck So it says go No No you idiot with the freaking fire What is this phrase that dragon's breath hang on so does you too come on down over here All right, we're game pros can I rejoin or is that just it? You can read you okay, you guys you guys left Yeah, yeah, please yes, I said yes a thousand times yes rejoin the game all right. Where were we okay? So All right you two You guys were supposed to leave when there were When they were only you know when there was less than three people live in here After one got shot how many players got shot in there Ah none yep So it says who is this Congratulations swatters says everyone follow me Fran was about to trade a whole massacre with the dragon's bril man I don't mean to be rude but we are in the middle of a live recording you know I get it like you know if you had an issue I said yes and you know making out all good Great There's a lab shoulder shoulder All right, so once they thought I was cool until now good job, bro Go back to worshiping your dad here we go You should I don't know man Let's see here I'm sorry to hear that All right P to just jump once Jump twice The one falls for that stuff anymore up to episode like 293 or something You Which is as each of these parking spots has a number For these do one two three four five Today I posted a clip about odd numbers Millmate mistakes Does no helping anyone else anyway After I fire a single bullet you guys will go into Now on top of the car we must be standing in the parking space of an even number go Swiffer says go even number That's okay, man, I'm mid game rage All right, let's see here sort of says freeze in three two one. Let's freeze Blow who's this It's me see a minute. I'm in the I'm in the parking space. I believe hmm sort of says everyone else want to remind him of the rules Oh There we go You're you're there you do that for a long time in this rate. Yes Oh All right I'm coming back swifter Don't need to let me notice rejoin you're doing. You're ready All right here we go just fine you guys Though, prom, I trust in your skills. We're recording. Thank you, man. Here we go. All right. Next. Dirt says, get into the parking spot. That is 25 to 5 by 5. Dirt says, Reese. Sir, Dirt says, what's your name? I'm not. What happened, man? Whether the goal, the goal calculator out, not load up fast enough. What happened? No, I locked out. I was in this parking spot and it pushed me back because of my leg. So, I don't know what's going on. All right. So, just go back and park the spot. Great. All right. Great. All right. Again, to the parking spot, that's 10 divided by 5. Go. This is Seeking Mac. Five. And it's, I know we were doing math today. Well, they did do it. Yeah, you committed. They did it, right? Yeah, you really committed it there. Okay, that's all right. That's all right. That's all right. You were just combined. You just got back in. In general, guys, yeah, you know, if you get disconnected, ask, yeah, you should ask if you can come back in. And if I say yes, that's it. Just come back into the game again. You know, we want to do as little post editing as possible. Folks who watch my videos know I probably do like no editing on these. So, you know, the less nonsense, the better. Great. Where was I? I.S. This one will be limited space into the parking spot. That is 30 divided by 10. What is this Reese? Oh, shit. Okay, that almost moved. So it says, yeah, make your way over there, please. So it says go. Yep. So it says all four of you. Go into number three. You did the math right. Correct. So this is all four of you over here. Great. So it says everyone else. Back over here. Make a line. I apologize. Feel the bill piece. Oh, oh, good man. If you had luck, dude, I love you, man. But the hint is just like, let's focus on the game. That's all. That's all. All right. Great. So, I ain't good. Yeah, is it correctly? 30 divided by 10 is three. I'll have about 30 times three into a red car. Which is the one I'm with the car? Fire three bullets. Super says, please join the boat with it. Oh, you knew it right. Oh, switters says unload. That was a very sturdy car. Wonderful. So, you know, why'd you shoot the people without the car? Right. I mean, I wasn't that specific. It's okay. Next, I'm going to be more particular. Great. Swiffer says, please get on top of the white van. Plus, now, must be standing on it. I know. It's okay. You guys have all the time. Me as long as it's one of the next three seconds. No, you did not just put me off. Oh, you bitches. Two. One, super says freeze. Oh, wow. Impressive. It's crazy coming. Man, no. So, it says you three. One me. Only one of you will survive this. Only one of you four will survive this. So, it says over here. Who's this right here? I'm going to make sure I add you to the angst shit list. Don't. I don't think he cares. I'll get smart with me, fuck. All right, here we go. No, you guys won't be shooting each other. Don't worry about the orders of the matter. You guys won't be shooting each other. Don't worry about it. Okay. Helix. Helix. Helix. We don't need the sound, the wind sound effects yet. I'll let you know when we're ready. Okay. So, here's the way this is going to work. I'm going to hold on to the C4 for all game. The way this is going to work is okay. So, it says all of you guys upon this van, this is not ploddy, okay? And you'd be very careful about how I say this. This is probably going to be a clip. I have a feeling. So, let me just, here is the way the game works. One person who survives will be the person who shoots that C4 without dying. What will this mean? It means you're going to run away to a safe distance. You're going to turn around and you're going to shoot the C4. And you can hope that the other guys die. Even if they don't die as long as you shoot it first, you'll live. So, it says all of you guys up in this van, you'll be in my witnesses. You can help, you know, check this out. I'm going to stand far enough over here. I think the C4 is pretty lethal, but I think we're far enough away. You're in the front of the van. You might be a little bit nervous, but I think you're okay. All right. So, it says do you four have any questions? No, sir. No, great. So, yeah, once again, the first person to shoot that C4 out of you four and survive, it's a lift, swifter says go. For the cut, oh shit, oh shit, oh shit! That's like a great shot. That one's amazing. I couldn't. You shot it with me and he killed himself. I couldn't run. I couldn't run. My keyboard would not move. What the fuck? I'm so much surprised. Well, hang on. So, for says, what's your name? How many pieces of C4 did you shoot? I thought at the same time as once. How many pieces, how many C4s did you shoot? Unfortunately, it didn't reach by me, so zero. All right, there we go. Look at that. All right, so it says everyone, everyone please follow me. I start to see for myself. I didn't know what would happen. So, for says, as many people in this event as you can. But maybe just one of the stories is what? Oh, my E is not for a quick. Oh, it's tied in here. It's tied. That's what she said. That's what she said. Yep, there it is. Hello everyone. Hello. I guess it's like that. I still make the video sound a bit. It's family friendly, my dude. There you go. There we go. Great. Okay, now. Now, so what just says, without taking any action, that's what verbal confirmation. So what just says, if you have a proximity mind, just say the word yes. Yes, yes, yes. Less than a lot of people. Yes. All right, here's how the game is going to work. Everyone has a proximity mind is going to put it down and they're going to pick it up. No one is going to get hurt as long as nobody moves. All right, so what just says, everyone freeze? I don't like this. So what just says, if you have a proximity mind, put it down and then pick it up. Come on, someone do it. These always do it. So if this is picking back up, please, if you haven't already. Great. So if this says leave, event. Really pick it up, get it. You got to be a backseater right there. You're good. Great. All right, so if this says everyone who, as soon as everyone, please make your way to the loading area where we started the game, that's going to be to your east. Great. So if this says proximity mind, folks, come to me, please. I need your help. Wait, all of you guys have proximity minds? Okay, okay, listen, this is, this is going to be a day, like, sort of says, if any of you guys want to opt out of this, you can go back. This is going to be a little bit dangerous. That's fine. Yeah, I respect that. That's fine. I don't need, I don't need 10 people. All right, five is good. So if this is you guys, we'll be fine. You have six. All I want you guys to do, they're just follow me. There are three entrances to this vent. I'm going to want you to toss your proxy mind in the, in the vent. Carefully. Do it from down here. It doesn't, it can be from any one of these entrances over here. So you see you missed. Go pick it up. So this is pick it up. Okay, there we go. The vents have a bunch of proximity minds. There's no, a lot more of you guys. Everyone's rejoined the game. It's really simple. If you guys can fit into the vents, before the time is up, you live for one else dies. All right, so it says you have, go, 30 seconds. Good luck. 30 seconds. 20 times the strategy. Guys, get a little bit of the sacrifices. No gunfire allowed. You can't trigger them. And we might be safe now. Maybe. Can we just aim the vent? Right. Yep, to stay in there. 10. 9. And it's locked down. Don't block that. That's true. It's locked down. 6. Top 5. 4. 3. 2. 1. 2. It says fruits. Oh, man. Wow. I triggered them proximity so then not getting it. Bro, sorry, man. And a sacrifice to themselves so you guys could live. Let's check all the entries over here. You're welcome. Looking good. All right, no problem. Toe down a block then. Did I say all of you guys in here would live? Sorry, I only meant half of you guys would live. Stab one person. Sort of to stop. Stop. Stop. No, no. I'm just staring at him and waiting. Oh, no. Staring at him, you're like, dude, I'm just staring at him or not. I got you, whiskey. I got you. I got you. You just ended up stabbing him. All right, so far as everyone out, Pallet whiskey can on top of the truck. No, too close. You could ban him. You know that, right? It's the murder. He's aired. I need therapy. Well, sort of says only pilot and whiskey on top of the truck. Everyone else down here. Oh, sorry. Yep. Punishment time. Could I just say I'm sorry. Sort of says kill them. Thank you. All right. I'm just saying. Just stop. I'm just saying you're ahead. All right, you don't deserve enough. It's time for Adolph and Dive Challenge part five. Whatever time is done. Sort of just please follow me. Yeah. All right. 100 dollars. Spong alive. Look. No, no, no, no, no. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, this is going to be a little bit more orderly. There's no $100 prize this time. To resist please, lap shoulder to shoulder. Your prize. Okay, so it says lap shoulder to shoulder. It's really simple. If you do it successfully and you only have one shot, if you fail, you don't die. If you do it successfully, you get to pick one person and you kill them when I give you the word. So basically you're earning a ticket to murder anyone player you want. Fun times. So we're going to do in the following order. You'll be first and then you'll be last. I'm the last time to be first. Listen, look, look, you don't die if you mess up. But if you get it right, you just get a you get a free kill. All right, I'll let this rip you. Let's just let's begin. Do I do for you? Yeah, sure. Oh, you want me to do it on that side? Whichever way either direction is better. Which one I need you a bit. Okay, I just want to where it gives you the best camera. You're good. You're good. Yeah, just a dolphin. That's me a dolphin dive and land on the other platform. Good luck. So what does this go? Okay, that's all right. So what does this have you didn't make it? Please make your way over here. This is going to be like the waiting area. Thank you. Yeah, you know, yeah, this is tough. I guess we're going from left to right this time. All right, so what does this go for? Nope, not even next. I hope nobody makes it. It's I mean, it was so hard. I don't think anyone got it. Wouldn't be surprised no one got to go for it. Nope. See, I did it too early. I needed to do it one second late, and I would have made it. He got it. Yup. Yup. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Gale fuck. Gale fuck, I gotta go up there with my foot from now or... You might go and... Nope. What does this go? What if it's your turn? That's all. Nope. Good job. What sort of the way? Wait, who is that? See, you're on the three master, nope. That's not serious. Who is this is this remaster? Yeah, it is. Remaster is two for two. You look like a show. Oh, oh, oh. What is this stop? Unfortunately, remaster, I did not say to do it more than once. So this is going back, go back, you gotta kill. Cheese Louise man. Showing off. Like what we are. So this is continue. Nope. I know. Making us a little like peasants. Gotta do it the last second. I mean, perfect. That's a few seconds to work. The idiot. Yeah. How the job? I don't know. Not a tough guy. Well, anyone do it? Anyone else? Got it. Two people did it. But two people, no. That was the only remaster so far. Oh, damn, they're getting his three. There's two. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm a fan. I'm not making any sense. Wait, my snap. Did it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You did it with the snoop dog skill. Oh, that missed. What? Did I blink or something? All right. Your name? I'm not. I'm not. All right. All right. I'm going to go cousin. All right. Did it. Actually, you did it. He did it. You just told him to go to the side. Oh. Yeah. I bet. All three people that did it, please. Then did it. Did it. West wall. Thank you. All right. Go for it. Continue. Come and get old. Nope. Whatever you're ready. Nope. You brought just an help back there. Yeah. Yeah. All right. All right. Sure. Oh. Name plays that. Seren. Seren. Seren. Seren. Back walls. Good job. Good job. Yeah. No. I choked $100, man. Yeah. Got it. Got it. Sorry. So, OK, man. That's just money. When he comes and goes, go for it. Ready? No. It's OK. It's tough, man. It's tough. I can't do it. I knew I could do it. Did it too early. You couldn't jump over the top. Almost. I'm done. I'm done. Next. I'm done. Shit. Yeah. Let's wait a little bit on the weight, bro. Sorry, man. Next. Nope. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I can chase it. Oh. I can't chase it. Oh. I can't. Next. Nope. I just walked. Got three more. All right. What's the go for it? What if you get three six? Nope. Damn it. You have a mouse. Nope. Next. Definitely not with a troll. A troll with a troll. All right. Good luck. He got it. Oh. Who is that? That's not what you're talking about. Matt. Matt. Matt, you're right back over there. Oh, Matt. OK. Yeah. Yeah. OK. OK. So. Shit. Hang on. Now, before these five folks pick with you going to murder out of you, it turns out you guys get one more chance. If you're willing to understand the consequences, you're allowed to try one more time. But if you fail, players get to shoot you when you fail. If you're willing to accept these terms, if you're willing to accept these terms, if you're sure you can do it, if you need to do it, you're second try, if you're a 100% sure. So it says come stand on top of this platform with me over here. If you're a 100% sure, if you want to. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. One, two, all right. Anyone else? That's it. Look. All right. That's it. Go on once. Go on twice. That's it. I'm dead either way. Super says. All right. You want to go first? Super says you guys over here. If they do not complete the challenge correctly, once they touch the floor, you can kill them. You can kill them. Good shot. All right. All right. So which one of you guys want to go first? All right. I can tell you. Yeah. All right. Go for it, man. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. All right. All right. So, sorry. Is that a funk? No. I didn't go on. Who was that? Name. Sort of this whoever you are. Just go to that wall. My name is Lucifer. Is what? Yeah. Of course, dude. Yeah. Sort of this is a good job. Go to that wall. The winter wall. All right. So hang on. Hang on. We just saw it on a second chance. Pull it off. One last offer. Is there any one wants to give it a shot? Come on over. Up to you. No. Funk you. No. No problem. No problem. Good shot. Okay. That's it. That's it. Right. We're good. I gotta lose my weight. I have to lose my weight. What is it? What does this work? Oh, I went in a circle. There was a monster. Sorry. I got lost there. All right. So, please follow me. We're going back to the parking lot. Oh, fuck. All right. So, what does this all players who did not make the jump properly? Please let up with your backs to the wall. So, what does this are? Are successful challenge completionists? Please stand on top of the way, Van. I don't know what else it does. Is this a new map? No, it's a new map. Yeah, about last season ago. Okay. All right. Great. All right. So, what does this use say? Please stand shoulder over here. This will be a little easier for me. Great. Nice thing about resuming the games we have. We have some time to do some fun stuff. Let's be a longer episode. But it's worth it. All right. Great. Sorry. So, what does this remaster? I know you did it first, right? I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Yeah. All right. All right. So, to the sniper, you're the first person to complete the challenge. Go walk up to the person you want to murder. So, just go ahead. The sniper. Are you there, man? I came and hear you. Not in this line. That's me. One of those guys. Is anyone here snipers talking? No, no, no, no. Wait. You're not choosing fun car. Are you? No. Oh. How about the save, bro? How about you guys were friends? Okay. All right. Hang on. Hang on. Before you make a choice, I want to give them a second. Just a talk to you a little bit. Switch us what's your name? Yeah. We're going to kill him. Yeah. Do you want to see? Look. You got a chance to talk. Just get him to change his mind. Anything you want to say? I really doubt I'm going to be able to change his mind the way you do. Switch us says kill him. I need confidence, yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Once you've gotten your prize, we stand over here. It's just go ahead and snap her. All right. Here's going to go. It's fine. Okay. It's one of the first person to do it yet for a shot. All right. So this is your next man. What's your name? Pick the person you got to make a chance to convince you one chance. All right. There you go. What's your name? Elix. Elix. Oh, sure. You know, my time has come. You want an execution or a long shot? Or how you want to do it? Extu some. All right. All right. You want me laying down, Croshing? What's everything you like? You earned it. Ooh, kinky. I haven't seen that one before. Oh, that's a good snowball down there. All right. Good job. All right. Serene, you're next. Which one here is funk? He does not identify himself. Stop. Stop. Go ahead. It must remain anonymous. Funk. Convince me. He's not gonna be a guy. He's not gonna be a guy. Who's that? I don't know. Funk. Convince me. This a bullsh... Who are you, man? How do I, man? Oh, sadness, alicard. First of all, he should die. Second of all, I will be a cop. Do not kill me. No, you're a fool. What? Okay. Are you sure? I wanna have something to ask. Yeah, Brian, go for it, man. Okay. You know what? You have to give me a quad now. Was not going to kill you anyway, but oh All right the second person does not get to you know convince you just kill him He won too many games. I'm sorry Congratulations, man. All right, I'm sorry name Says your next go for it first person you choose gets a try and convince you second he's changed your mind that is automatically die Kill funk do it all it All right, I look hard. What's your name? I'll strangle King. I'll strangle or go. I'll strangle you want to convince him And Vince me not to get why why why do you think why we have secondary guns and you guys have knives? How is that fair you guys get more Speed boost I'm not convinced Kill him if you're not convinced kill him All right, so let's go back to Convincing 101 Actually, I'm playing a game now called waste lander 3. It's a couple years old But it's really great one of the skills you have is called kiss ass and if you'll help your kiss ass skill You can just people to do a lot of stuff for you and it's true in real life if you're a lot nicer to people they may respond All right next Remaster Wee sland three sorry a wee slander So is it like sucking up? That's what kids. That's what kissing ass means yes, I mean sucking up All right, what's your name? My name's so thumb all right dude go for it. Why give it a shot. Listen, listen, bro I barely get to play in swipters I and if I do I'm usually the first to die Maybe that was my hair today, so like if you comment about my hair I love your hair your hair you suit it makes your butt look fucking amazing All right pick somebody else then all right, there you go man. He gave you a good hit there Stop suggesting people let him back All right, what's your name? What now what's your name? What now oh yeah, what now's his name sorry. Yeah, you can kill you lay down. Please and turn around Just back up a little bit. I don't want to find out what his name is by killing him All right, thank you remaster all right your name So does Matt go ahead man pick one person Is Matt man is this Matt man? Nope, it's Matt'siles Mass out me to see feel when we play together I don't remember these all I don't remember these allegations you speak of what you're talking about You're the killer. You can't even funk alone. Bro, why does everybody beat know me. I mean ganging on me Yeah, man, it's self-being the king bro. All right, same same thing one quiet And I'll make it to so I can help me get the audition Don't don't don't To mine I No All right there we go all right as a long process, but we you know we fulfilled all our pricing So it says everyone please follow me I can't do it As a long process, but I think it was worth it If I was if I was smart I would edit that a little bit more nicely, but I don't think I will I'm pretty lazy All right, all right, so it's not I would made it All right, so what does everyone enter the warehouse ground level Great Yeah, thank you. All right great. So it says make your way on top of the middle box stack This is make room If doors doesn't need everybody standing on top your best Sir you're late to the party what happened before you lost Like I am blacking so hard you're gonna get one kill this mini game to see you know But yes, just make your way up there for all of you guys watching you want to join our games just join our discord server discord.gg4.s Slice Swift or anyone can join some people are lucky enough to kind of join on their first try But you know in general our system gives you better odds the more times you try it's actually drains okay, right? Right good job Swift just says if you have a proximity mine looks straight down So So it's gonna be a game after this make some room guys I'm trying man. I'm happy to answer your non-game question after the game is over Is this Yes You're gonna use your proximity line for this game, but great sort of says it looks right down if you'll approximate mine Swift just says no one move It's very simple everyone can live through seems a simple game or It'll be the same means last time we'll put down the proximity mine pick it back up and everyone lives really simple This is the test. It's a test in in self-control, right? Swift just says if you'll approximately mine toss it down and pick it up Swift just pick it up Great all right next part to the challenge in the last part I swear It's gonna put down your proximity mine, but I count to five and then you'll pick it back up again So what just says put down your proximity mine Five four three two one That was you from man, I think they regret making space for you now