 What's up everyone welcome to Swiftress says let's get this started Swiftress says turn around So it says pointed the submarine Swiftress's pointer gonna any No, that was extremely rude All right, Sailor Moon, please rejoin the games which is as well blah great Oh man who knew looking at a submarine could be so deadly all right great Swiftress says touch these two doors over here I'm be all in touch that Be hands Three two one says freeze All right, let's pick out some players who are not says and satisfactory contact with these doors Let's figure out There's no active chaos Sarah Does I just toss you across the map yet I can still hear you please meet your microphone dude Thank you Great There's Noah me and pushed Hey, I got this yeah buzz Cool man You're touching it weren't you or you're not touching it apart? Yeah, touch it anymore. I'm a non-earnable Nope, you're not sir sort of turn around I should have crushed you are not touching Mars. What is Bart join them over there? It's what you can tell the hot right in his place So does shotgun Alex style join them over there Oh So it says all of you guys let's see we have four right great. So it's a spread out on the left and right sides over here Yep spread out So it says once you're over there set on top of the gate behind you All right, so it says please spread out Yep, make sure you're not next to another player is great Here's the way the game is gonna work guys a person with the least sponsors is gonna die What's a sponsor any of these folks touching the wall gonna walk up to you guys and join you as a sponsor? So it says you guys the wall look at me I Humm switches you guys the wall look at me. Thank you great Look all right. I just walk up to any of these folks who want to support walk up them and you'll crouch next them and that's it Pick one person switch says all of you guys go ahead Now come on guys come on No Right You Is And Most winners both of you guys follow me with a no-sponsors man. Alice had one burst when die. Alright, so what does everyone else can look this way? Alright, so like I said, well I want only one person to die, so now we're gonna solve this. Violence, you two kill each other. Pretty good. So what does that say to you two? Come with me. So what does this act of over here? So does muzz over here. Alright, so this is both of you guys crouch. Alright, so does this aim of the direction where you think the other player is? Yeah, there's none there on the other side. Yeah, exactly. Real simple here guys, let's be a 1v1. Where you guys cannot fall off. Well, part of the summarizing is this called, I have no idea. The fin, I don't know. Whatever. Don't fall off the part you're standing on. You'll see. We have to stay close, fingers. No, you can stand, you can jump, you can whatever. If you fall off the submarine, though, fall off that part of the submarine, you'll die. So it says you guys will shoot them if they fall off. So it says ready, set, go. Oh, let's get try, get try, get try. Down. So this is active, rejoin the group. So it says everyone, please join me. Over here. He's not the band, that's what he says. And I don't know what it is. Oh, yeah, yeah, it's the band or the say no. Interstell, I'll take it. Metal, fire, what's the tail? That tail's the bat. So it's that stand on the fence? Maybe I was a fence maybe? You're a fin. Oh, well, you're not getting back on the guy. Oh, yeah, I'm lucky. Thank you. You can get it. The ladder is over there, but I don't think you want to make it. You made it. Oh, I thought he meant this fence. Oh, shut up. Yeah, I'm gonna shut up now. I always jigg to somebody, bro. Always hoping for someone to demise. Who doesn't? Great. Swift says make sure you can look at the water and if you jump into it, if you were, it will be unobstructed. Great. Well, a little game intact, folks. Let me see how far down I can go with that dog. Oh, oh, boy. And I don't like this. Oh, I'm a blue baby. Oh, it's pretty good. You can go pretty low and you have plenty of time to go back up to the top. I guess we'll do a little race. Yeah, he's gonna touch the floor. Then run back up in the last person of the fence. Guys, yeah, real simple. I'm gonna be a little taken down. You know, make sure one's the right spot. I'll be down here watching a little bit. Great. The race will begin when I fire my pistol. Make sure no one's blocking you. What's this up to? Good luck. Oh, yeah, be there. Oh, jump in the fire. Swift says go. Go. Waiting. What are you waiting for? I think he's talking to you, but he said talking to you. Well, I do scare guys. You guys hear me? Swift says jump. Not those first few times. You said jump. You didn't say jump in. What? I said go. You said jump. I don't know why. Look at the die quickly. I'm going to die. He's a grass hole. What is going on here? Can y'all go up the ladder? I'm about to drown. Every new you know, but we can hear those first couple times. Yeah, we couldn't hear you the first time. You might have cut out. Well, reset. No problem. I don't know why you guys couldn't hear me. It's like you're melting me. Yeah. Oh. All right. One more time. Swift says when I fire my gun, we'll jump into the water, touch the floor. Then come back up and get on the fence. Last person to do so, we'll die. Swift says go. I'll make you touch the floor. Don't mess with me here. If you don't touch the floor, I will know. I touch. I touched. I touched. I'm about to drown. Oh no. Oh god. What's your time? I can't get up, bro. Oh, you're going to fall off the fence. Stay on the fence. Stay on the fence. I'm not going to get up. Stay on the fence, bro. Top of the water, you don't drown, right? You don't have to stay on the other. No, I went under the ladder. Under the water. So, slice in the top. Uh oh. You're going to be out of q. Somebody went to that. Yeah, you're dying. Oh, yes. Oh, my ghost. I got to save. Stop. T-cheats. All right. I wish I had a better view of like the floor by what I've drowned. That's fine. This time we'll keep it simple. You're going to jump into the water, drop the dive. Just get back on the fence. Last person to do so, die. I'm going to jump out of the sky. Swipe yourself out of the way. What the hell? It's like I owe. That's fine. Swipe just says jump straight up. Jump in the water. Oh. Blade? Water. Glad you got the fence. It was slippery. I know another something that's also slippery. Blood. All right. Swipe just says follow me. Thanks for this finger slipped. It is not. Follow the lead. Got to run out. Where's the room I like so much not over here. Oh, no. Yeah, it's right next to you. Wrong exit. No problem. Oh, that room. Well, we have the best room. I remember the room and the A-Tripp says not break the glass. Swipe just says please enter this office. I'm going to do my office. All right. I'm in the office. I hate this room. Why? You'll see. You guys are being interrogated. I think I know why. Yay. I'm just here to observe. I don't want it. I'm not going to move. Who's beastie did it? All right. We'll take off our clothes. Swipe just says back to the wall. That's the Missouri take-up work clothes. All right. One person will be the investigator. They fail their challenge. The penalty is death. Swipe just says. Last person to crouch is the investigator. Last call. I'm going to be the investigator. Swipe just says max. Just come to the window. Jesus. Oh. I'll wait in tears. How are you doing, man? I don't know how to crouch. It's okay, man. I may not know how to crouch, but we're going to use your detective skills. Swipe just says I'm going to have a few tries to find the person I'm thinking of. You know, a lot to ask me. Some yes-no questions. Then you need to give me your choice and we think they are. All right. I've decided which operator it is. All right. So does this know? Yeah. It's three yes-no questions. And you'll tell me who you think the operator is. Swipe just go ahead. Swipe just look at the. Okay. All right. So yes-no questions. Begin. Which operator am I thinking about? I'll give you one hint. They have a unique skin. I'll give you one hint. They have a unique skin. The operator. Go ahead. Okay. Is operator have a colored weapon? The colored weapon. I mean, with lights. With lights. I think it's like it's pretty bright. It's not like that. Um. No, it is not a very bright weapon. It's not like glowing or anything. No, it's just no. Okay. In their hand. Hmm. Few more questions. Go ahead, man. Okay. You got to make sure that I answer two good more questions. Yep. Got you got to narrow down the people, man. You're removing a few. It was a gamble though. Right. It is. It's a person wearing blue. Nope. One more question. Correct. That's the only two people. Yeah. It's not me. It's not me. It's not me. What are you doing? You're me. Um. Okay. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Uh. Um. Uh. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um. Um, Um, um. Um, Um. Um, Um. Um. Um, Um. Um. Um. Um. Well, we haven't got a question. I gave you to just choose the one person you believe I'm thinking of and and bring them forward to me I think it's beast There you go, okay, come inside here All right, let's see your yes their weapon was Was glowing that glowing you asked if they were wearing blue that blue and And your final question was if they were at mostly brown No, all right Congratulations actually you gave me a reason execution All right, we're disinvestigation not done Swiftress says the last person to stand up as my next investigator Swiftress is fun come on down man Bunk you know what man make this easy bro you get three three more yes no questions all the say it's the same person all the same information is the same What's it gonna be okay? All right cool beam Which one of y'all could it be? Ha let's see is the Do they have a buddy rabbit out here? No The same information was hang on why would you ask that because he asked about the I know you're right you're right you're right you're correct now the answer is no the answer is no you have two more questions One two three four so that was eliminate them You need skin huh okay meaning it mean there's not there's not one whatever skin it is There's none of the person the same lobby that has the same exact skin What oh yeah, oh does does this can smoke weed Yes Oh Oh, is this is this person a dog yes There you go All right bring them for let's see if you're correct where are you mage? Now that was I'm a surprise by this Come on. Was that actually the only dog in this entire lobby? Is there yes the only dog that was only yes go correct it was mage it was Snoop dog correct all right the guy correctly okay good job good job We're gonna play one more game so just both of you guys go into the into the group yep all right Okay, let's see here let's see here Place one more time All right Swift says last person going to the prone is the first player oh Oh remaster Remaster rules very slightly man Swift says everyone stand up All right All right, so it says remaster without talking telling me So just look at all these players and send me He had discord. Yeah me the name of the person you're thinking of the sailant the person who who psychologically hurt you Yep, yep, do you ever to me on discord when you're ready all right great I think I think I got it make sure to great yummy plays DM me There you go I sent it very good okay great so now next We need our next and investigator basically this is gonna be a two for one Guys Either they both they worked they worked together and get it correct You're the person I pick get either gets it correctly and you guys both live or if they die you both die So let's see here All right Last person jump is the investigator So So let's switch to says game guys great So if I got to take a call I'm sorry yep, you're good switchers everyone else spread out All right, here we go switch to says last person to jump is the investigator There's a salar moon or cool man cool man did you jump last? No, are you sure? Are you sure All right sort of salar moon you'll be assisting remaster over here All right inside inside inside inside he's like you know he's the one who was like you know assaulted So he's got to stay out here being protected all right, but salar moon you get you get you get to ask him If you ask him Three yes, no questions he must answer correctly and honestly and then you'll pull it to the person you think he's a Person he provided to me Okay This is person have the same skin as someone else No, you do not have the exact same skin as someone else If it helps you so when you're a lot to organize people in this lobby So just a salar moon you can tell people to move out of the way or once you if once you will eliminated them You can like you know you can send them out of this room Okay By late can you get out of the room please? Ted mountain Shogun Funk Tiam This is person have a Colorful suit or skin Those skin is not colorful all right area. I answered a question number two And then Anna I Can't let you know for right Look at me when I believe in your salar moon you could do it say the moon. Oh wait does this person have Yellow one there's in their skin now. There's no yellow anywhere. Okay, um, Mandetta I'm a cool man and then mage Oh, funk you can leave men you are she she has to leave the room. Yes, okay I didn't want to interrupt all right there. We got that's it no more questions You got it down to theoretically if you did it correctly You got it down to three so your odds of living in one and three if that's correct so All right, this this and the two people you want send two people out of the room and leave the person you believe Remaster was thinking of Hunter and All right Okay, all right remaster please enter the room Remaster please enter the room Surface is enter the room great All right, all right Swift says remaster Yes is part the person who psychologically hurt you He's the second one but no Sorry you're close you're very close hang on can the other two players come back in the players over in the room You Remaster was it one of these three players? Yep Yeah, one out of what three chance Hunter so It was hunter I was doing you did a good job. I was wondering ask a question about like you know glasses or something You know, like you know like out that wise, that's all right. That's right. Hey good job. You're not good enough. Good job Everyone follow me Got like a little game of guest too in a while in a while Anyone and chat guess that time pure luck I Say I thought it was me the mines You and I am a pretty Joe guy you're the chillest guy McCool man. Thank you Great I'm looking for right oh So I'm not leaving you guys everywhere. I'm just looking for the right you know spot for this Sanford trip You don't have to see a submarine Perfect you look on right there's a set sorry gun If you're looking for an immune there is a guy looking purple Yep, so does he can follow me Twitch says please stand behind this vehicle All right, so it'd be clear you guys are only allowed to go straight north You know through this like this alley we can take cover behind like in a little structures or whatever You're not allowed to climb anything or you know go around You basically make your way out of the tunnel the very north over there in the way there will be A centric trip no mines this time though If you do not make your way through before the century expires you will die automatically Right so if it says begin Go no Bring it so far Bar rest of peace Oh Gotta get around. How far you could have got around all right survive Oh the cool man Rest of peace People get in half I This survive they don't do that again. No, they're good. All right. Good job. What's what does this call me? Bro, it's not gonna snap back with the quickness bad All right folks this next game is gonna be a little bit deadly switch doesn't ruin inside the water All right real simple folks. I'm just gonna assume supply drops floating the water. I'm pretty sure that deal It's simple if you are able to stand on top of the supply drop you live Oh Don't want us to get crushed on your motor. Oh big Can't you know to be the king Get on top Five oh yeah four Three two one sort of just killing one the on top Kill in the wall What banana killed All right, so it says you four get on one side of that supply drop He didn't say what to say is daddy. No, I did it was all Guys, there's the corners you want the side of the corner. I said kill it when not on top Yeah, not on top and you killed me. I was on top. Oh I killed you on top because he screwed up All right, so it says please remain in the water Actually, yeah, there you go So it says folks please swim towards me You'll do it into the game. Oh, it's me Banana was on a time. No, it has to taste it Oh man His game is weird I said about this game real simple boys If I cut that word just crazy you got there's so many things you can do you'll underwater above water or whatever You know without this for good fun Nice, oh my you're fine. I like that all right If it says the first person to climb that ladder wins go We have a winner Oh Good try guys Well, it's during the The way for you guys there all right. Yeah, another victory under the belt. Yep. Well, it's just tragedy there Tion I was hoping to go around and I just saw the explosions. I thought hell won't go for it at that point Worked out worked up all right yet, I think you wish me he was gonna win Oh obviously shout out to my YouTube says Tion 96 on YouTube and Twitch.tv for slash Tion 1996 It's exclamation mark Tion in chat shout out to everyone in the game who's done wonderful job and for everyone getting in here and My thoughts go out to the first person who died because he was the boat who couldn't find the code. Oh No So Tion, please aim your gun at me So just as a little lower You You Great game guys, we want to join our games Don't artists or even a search for Swift or discord online. Thanks for the fun. Hope to see you there. Anyone's welcome to try and join