 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftr says just do what I say when I say Swiftr says Swiftr says we're on this wooden bridge There we go to says aim down towards through the wood Without hurting any other player to have to say fire one shot I Don't believe I can slide under here nope Sorry, I got no have a good one fire another shot So it just says fire three shots Fire five shots So it says let's play some hoops Swiftr says look towards me This basketball who put me here to just get under the hoop, please So it says aim your gun through the hoop Monday Fire one shot Swiftr says fire one shot So it says it's time for a dunking contest. So it says everyone follow me or my single file line right here Here's the way it's gonna work guys They'll get a running start over here the climb here then bam To a fire shot right into that backboard not really a dunk But you know what I mean it's the whole thing we can kind of get that impact. So it says Super docs you're up first man show us how it's done A little awkward. That's okay cover. Oh, that was all right. I would give that a Three out of ten man. It's okay. You were first Swiftr says let's see here we got x-ray girl show us how it's done Okay next I don't want to talk about it. So it says jinnacle your go man Let's go there we go that was solid all right So just that's creating reality go for it Okay, it's up there All right, so it says I don't need to say so it says for the rest of the game Reverend go for it This is shot that's all right all right swaying you're up Oh I Thank you Now I know I believe they call that a foul to this Reverend please rejoin the game Through this way and please stand on top of here So it says everyone else please not shoulder shoulder All right, so everyone over here. I want you guys to aim at the the square on the back board over there I don't know if the square has a particular name probably does All right, so just a swing good try this again man You're gonna jump there you're a fire gun when you see that square who does everyone else? You'll fire your gun when swaying fires is gun for this way and go for it Sir you need to jump and fire at it Through this way and I feel like you misunderstand the situation here rent this is an execution who are going to die He may as well die stylishly But as a swing again Sir I Think he has it myself Get it off whatever All right, so does that please follow me I didn't have to do that anyone watch that slam gun movie that came out the last year or so I Watched the fear with my wife. I'm sure it's available on Crunchyroll or something. It's so good It's so good. I don't even like root. I don't really know usually watch or read like sports manga I heard very good, but I don't usually man slam dunk was so good Ah the gravy art to says there were on top of a grave any grave Oh Who's sharing a grave X ray reality All right, this time we're gonna punish people on the graves alone. I want a lonely death. We got a ginger call big foot and Australia, so does I want all three of you? I just got back just Reverend. No, don't me. Join me. Join me. Join me. Yeah, please I got you all right All right, Australia big foot You guys are a little lonely. I want you guys both to share the same grave except I don't want you to go on the ground Do there so does both of you guys come with me Yep, so does come on up boys All right guys, I'm gonna explain the rules before you do them There are two graves so there you guys can both agree on which one but basically want both of you guys to jump from up here on the grave But touching the floor if either of you guys land on the floor you're both punished got it Yeah, so I want you guys to discuss your plan. I'll strongly I'm tackle big foot discuss which grave you're gonna land on and what the tactics will be We'll do you guys to jump directly on there Swiftress says if either of these guys hit the floor murder both of them Why is it always me? Says both of you guys discuss I'd just go for the closest. I just go for the closest one. I agree. That's like right here to the sledge All right, great. So what does this you guys can begin when you'd like maybe want to figure out which order you guys go in? You got a bloody not so I said just you put that away and it thank you, man Remember if you miss you both die got it guy do this right just gonna What the fucker bitch You guys miss my my statement. Thank you. There we go. Sorry boys. Why is it always me? Yeah, working the reaction time guys. All right, so it says we're gonna show them how it's done So just as everyone else please on top of the roof Great, so it just has an option a little shoulder on the rooftop edge All right, listen to the rules please We're gonna have a one player per grave policy here Once you jump on a grave if you'd like to move to another grave and you can do so without touching the floor That is legal. It's completely optional. You probably shouldn't do it Which is says if you don't get on top of a grave From there you will die. So just as if you touch the floor you will also die in a mini game Ready set guy Swift or says yo Jesus take the wheel I did it. Oh, fail my god. I did it. Oh my gosh. Oh, that's the floor Nope, yeah, no, no, no, no, all right. We have three players is exceeding groovy ginger called and Jimmy congratulations you three Swift or says everyone else please back on that roof. That's too many people who failed there We'll give you guys another opportunity. Swift as a you three have succeeded. Swift as a you three. Please stand Right over here backs this van up your seat All right, Swift as you guys show a little shoulder you guys get one more shot Make sure it's fair you guys will only jump when I fire my gun already set No one's falling for my fakes a fake out today no problem You know what's making a little easier? Swift as you are a lot to share graves stones Swift as go Guys we can work this out guys. We can work this out. All right. You can try and convince them to move to another Mario brothers X-ray Oh All right, so it says reality X-ray I Got some good news and bad news the bad news is here. I don't like seeing well Ladies and a lobby to die Okay, I would like one of you guys to die though. So just as both of you please follow me. I've on terrorist tribute. Sorry. What? I Should hold some Swift as says you three I need this area. So does you three come back into the graveyard? All right, so this reality X-ray please right over here. I'm gonna give you guys a challenge All right, I think I tried this out earlier. How bad is it? Well, it's very doable. It's very doable. So you can run around this van. No problem And live This is gonna be a race Which is the first person to run around this van and come back alive will live with the other person will die if you want the other person to die for Your life you can totally just like you know crouch walk or whatever. It's up to you. I recommend The spirit of the game. Yeah, I'll play your best Absolutely, Dizzy. Thank you very much for that membership. It should pop up on the screen a little bit later works now Great all right, so it says you guys can go either direction you want one of you guys want to start this way No, no, this way. That's okay. The only rule is you must run around the van Swift says go First person back is the winner So All right It's okay on a skill 110. How guilty do you feel reality? six That's not quite survivor's guilt. All right, swifter says everyone please follow me All right, you thank you very much for showing you guys that are here watching They've got a lot of options on this winter break deal going on That reminds me I think I was supposed to get a copy of mine warfare through for my niece I Will Let's go into the inner area the slums Not today Ah, we got some ice cream your guys, so just get behind the ice cream area over here. This is gelato Maybe what is it called hang on? I'm gonna know. No, it's really quick Uh Not such ice cream is a lot of fear at tacos Here only enough. I don't see ice cream All right, so it says everyone there's so many of you guys are here one two three four five six Yeah, there's enough layaway for everyone. So does everyone choose a flavor Walk up to it I Don't like two flavors. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, like two flavors Which flavor Jimmy which two flavors exactly the same This one this white one over here. It feels like it's No, you just said the same thing we're gonna make sure we're gonna make sure the same things Which which flavors the same this one right here at the end? You okay? Good one there right good all right. All right. Let's see yours anyone else gonna choose that one You know what I'll choose that one Jimmy I'm gonna type in on a notepad right now what flavor I think that is As long as your flavor my flavor the same thing you survive the same thing so you know your couple is safe All right, I've typed it out So just Jimmy. What is that white flavor over there? Linila congratulations. I also took it all see easy. All right. There we go great But it says super knocks Flaped there's both of you guys at the same time when I fire my gun you'll tell me what flavor that is okay Super knocks I can be not replied because you didn't say switcher says guys did I say switchers I Did I did I did I didn't I said it Super knocks didn't hear me say switchers. I did not no problem in There's some super knocks when we men you have one chance to survival Oh boy, all right here. I'm gonna give you a tongue twister if you do it successfully you live What You're gonna say what it says repeat after me vanilla lilies are very filling Vanilla lilies are very filling you've already felt You're gonna say vanilla lilies are very filling You're gonna give you a little Yeah, like imagine the lilies like a flower made out of vanilla Yeah, imagine when you eat them you're very full panning to like ah, okay, there's a very filling great Yes, so it says you need to say that three times fast without error This is we can accomplish this you live if you die, so just as everyone's gonna shoot at you What does everyone aim at super knocks? Right, so the super knocks when we're ready man vanilla lilies are very filling five times fast or three times fast three times fast But no lilies are very filling vanilla lilies are very filling vanilla lilies are very filling You did a good job sort of says back into the squad there you go you survived You did a good job good job. All right. Let's see groovy and Ginger calls for just says when I fire my gun The both of the flavor at the same time, okay, otherwise you get the same shot into super knocks which is guys Banana Ruby soda What were you thinking man Lion There's Groovy cool. Yeah, hello, bro. Yeah, but I didn't know what to do. Oh, you see a flavor man. I didn't say that I had to be the same All right, Groovy you'll be getting tongue twister also men Your ways make two twisters are very no not the same one. No, do you of course not that fail? I didn't get them killed. I was trying to kill them I failed all right, so let's say Groovy yours will be you said lime right? Yes Yours will be no lime no lime time is a crime easy But it says repeat after me no lime time is a crime No lime time is a crime But just say that three times fast No lime time is a crime no lime time is a crime no line time is a crime Sir, thank you. Thank you sir. Oh, that was a crime. So if just a load No, I thought it was okay I actually I'm gonna tell you specifically what makes a tongue twister a tongue twister without like Sing down and studying one for a couple minutes. I don't know if the top of my head all right, and finally we got reverend and In reality look guys if you haven't figured out I've never said they had to be the same flavor. I just want you guys to see the flavors at the same time All right, so Revere reading reality when I fire my gun flavor at the same time So what just says when I fire my gun say the flavor at the same time Yeah, there we go there we go. So what just says follow me upstairs All right here we go This is nice man. I want to mind living here. Got a great view out of the window the Will it room built in air conditioning This is the life Look at this is a high quality mattress you can tell and no blood stains or anything. Let's change that last person this bed dies A little antsy switcher says get in the bed Room for everybody All right, so it says remain perfectly still under this bed going to be I mean push. I mean push stop. I mean push. So it says stop moving. I'm being pushed. So you are moving. I mean push So you are moving. So I mean push. I say you are moving. I mean push You're gonna get all of us dead I mean push did you call you were no longer on this bed Not pushing me. Okay, there we go. See I do. There we go To have just this freeze. I mean push I can do a slight better job than that hang on there we go Cool We're all so simple So after says the last person to get out of the window dies To super knocks Go on pick up the gram but you can it's pretty nice. Sorry did you pick it up I did pick it up before you said it. I didn't say so does this pick it up Before you say I was like oh, Karemba else and I just had it That doesn't change the fact that's what you did not say to pick it up. I never picked it up in the beginning I can still find it over here I mean, I never picked it up. You see this over there. I'm over here. Hmm. You change your Is that the gram bit that super knocks had Outspice Softer says follow me I know the proxy minds have not doing the job that I expected to do but you know what There's a possibility that we're just gonna go back to monwar for two anyway, man I don't know how much longer I can do these these 13 player lobbies Softer says please let us show a little while I figure out what we're doing here. Oh, yeah, that's perfect You Great I feel pretty good about this. Oh Hey, I'm letting you reset. I want to make sure that I can do it first before I ask you guys to do. Woo you guys are gonna die All right, here you go. Oh, wow it's dangerous. Also dangerous Oh my god All right, let's start off with we'll do this in phases step one. Softer says touch any orange barrier Without dying. Softers go. Let's touch and stay there You touching it. I don't know what you're touching it. Are you these for me? Okay Okay, okay, that's good You Clapped are you touching it? Yes, well I can't look right up against it without getting the death time That is the point of the challenge my friend the death timer is there you see a death timer right now You know Believe you guys close as you can be without dying Yes, good let's change that sort of says freeze Who's ginger call reference because both of you guys go into prone here Yep, I don't know yeah Softer says ginger call Reverend push this man into the barrier Not doing a very good job. You just think they're not doing a very good job Oh Ginger ginger a bucket He's dirty pushing this is supposed to push it by the way Push ginger push push All right, softers all right, let's fair sort of says congratulations. You also by the first challenge Softer says lapshull in his shoulder again. No problem. No one died. No big deal Yep, so let's go back to the line, please Wow, how did I get my death 321 oh Yep, I almost had it 3 2 I did it mom I'm on here and I'm not dead. I'm very proud of me Softer says the first person standing up there without dying gets to be safe from the next game You Get a die It's a specific spot oh, I almost died Mom, look everyone. Look everyone You guys got this Okay, see one successful person the night can have some fun with everyone else that one. No, he got it He got it. I'm sure We have a winner. Why was your life? Why risk your life wait. Oh, oh, he had it. Yeah, Reverend's got it Congratulations All right, we kind of need to realize this last mini game, but we'll figure it out all right Softer says you three. Please get on top of the vehicle At least one of you will doctor this mini game Oh, this is perfect Softer's back up. I want to see if I can just myself I want to see if I can jump from here to on top of the uh Maybe look can oh look at that god You're good. It's so good easy. No, if I can do I mean this is too easy for challenge. Oh, okay anyway I don't know if I want you guys to start on the vehicle though. It seems too easy Maybe we go on with the practice because you three please. Oh, I'm gonna give you guys a Little bit of a trek to go on Let me see here from here There's no way to really get on top of the car with that Tushin floor, huh? Fans you me trying to help him. Oh, I was gonna give you ideas over here maybe Oh, that's okay. So does this three of you guys just touch the right car It's gotta be touching here we go look the role is simple you guys can touch the floor, but It's Accessfully complete this challenge must get on this vehicle and then jump on here Two ease. I just did it again. If you fail you must run back to the red car touch it again Then you come back and try a little bit of a reset All right, got it. Ready set go Swiftress says go First person do successfully Oh no So does jinger call please wait next to reverend over there don't push him though All right, we have two of you guys. No, we only want one of you dead We need to maximize the amount of content I get you get from each death. So if this is both you guys follow me I need a more difficult challenge. Let me think here. How about I got my difficult challenges look This one's easy. But you gotta do is dolphin dive for that window. I think it's extremely doable I'm max, you know what I'll for all the times I ask you guys to do these Is dolphin dies? I'm actually don't have a keys bound for for dolphin diving on my keyboard. I just never really have any to use it So it's real simple Is it gonna be a matching game you guys with the dolphin dive through the window the first person dolphin dive Successfully and be followed by the person failing wins that means let's say as late Jimmy success. We does it then clap successfully does it But how does it go hang on I add this in my head bound. It doesn't make any sense like a penalty shot Yeah, it's like that hang on you get it then you get it then you fail And then yeah, you basically get it two times in a row when the other person's failed. Yes, there we go. Yes, right great But just says crash if you want to go first Where you go? So just clap go for it. This is what you gotta do is dolphin dive that window Successfully once at least and Nope, that's a fail. Okay. That's okay. Yes. Okay. That's okay Just go for it Success. Oh, you're in trouble man. Okay, but that wouldn't now right now. Yeah I know she wins already. Okay, okay, okay, okay, he makes that look if look if you fail this one then you win Don't just let's go for it All right, good. All right, so does Jimmy go for it Take it exciting Yeah enough I'll accept that all right clap go for a man if you feel this one though you die Hey, oh no, good try good try all right. There we go Sometimes I've been my own rules guys welcome welcome to the stream. All right, so just as all three of you please follow me Oh, it's too bad those could break that be so much fun You see what's the structible here? All right, there's one spot. I wanted to take advantage of Like you know, I'll do a playground thing You have to see if a potty is sliced down the slide when did right? Yeah, that's okay Okay It's a good gap to take advantage of next time but not now When sides just come on on come on in all right, one of you will live and win the game here All right, cool. I got it. We know they're jumping game real simple if you touch the floor This is a legal spot you'll lose and you wait might be a redo But the person to jump the furthest location while being off the floor wins the game What counts as that this barrier? Why I just fell off that would have lost this barrier is legal This car is legal and any part of the slide is legal and I doubt you can make it this far, but this is legal as well So any of these objects you're okay the person to jump the furthest And not be touching the ground We'll win this entire game So after says please back up you guys cannot be positioned to like you know unfair right? Oh next the wall of guys okay. Yeah, I'll give you guys a start position here All right, yeah, there we go You know I'll stand right here great So after says begin Got a race just got to see who got to get it you know That's the floor believe me. All right Let's see let's see how it all pans out listen if everyone touches the floor and one guy touches the jumps of that barrier It just win you want to play it safe. It's jumping that barrier right there Oh, he did what I was okay, okay, if you can make the slide over there You could win the game Yes, that doesn't mean you die Oh, you're on the clear dead The slide, eh? What if I land on the car with Jimmy is it a redo? Well, if you can get past Jimmy yeah, do it do it. No, no, don't listen Your your goal is to get a further distance You jump as far as you can no you have to you have to jump in front of me that's the game Okay Do you make it? No, no he's on the floor. I'm not making all right congratulations close my eyes There you go all right Jimmy congrats to the win man you took a chance you didn't wake you old glass Uh, I do think it was a little bit of an advantage for going going first, but uh You know I'm in second. Yeah, it was great exactly. I'm just I'm just say like you know waiting to go last is not always a play Because that real estate is consumed. All right, but anyway Jimmy congratulations. You are the winner man. What's your shot? Excuse me some rock Jimmy in the chat go play my new fourth nut maps. There we go There we go shows me four-night maps and love maybe we'll do that in the future too GG man Okay All right, thank you for watching for joining our games for our discord server discord.gge4ts last Swift war You