 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says just to what I say when I say Swiftress says except for something called duty I'll do some warm-up tests Beat that my phone. Thank you. All right Swiftress says crouch Swiftress says stand up Excellent no one's AFK you're all paying attention great job everyone follow me oh Savage follow me Oh, no, so just want come over you're good So Mr. Twinman savage please come on over Hear me please me. Yeah, yeah, yeah, come on. Why are you shy man? Dude you gotta grab dude, so you you mentioned you watch my videos before right The beginning of the videos are I need to be memorable so just come on up. Come on up here All right, let's do some introductions name please. It's Sam. Hello Sam and your name Uh You call a duty name not your real life name Okay Okay, that's a call duty name. All right. Yeah, that's fine melt and Sam. All right guys. I You know, that was uh the usual setup you know, I give you guys some things and then I ask you to follow me You follow me that's right you guys are pointing each other now because guys think I'm gonna have you guys kill each other You know what I'm not gonna do that. So it says you two guys you two guys stare at each other Swiftress says if one of the other guy if the other guy Stop still get you kill them that simple That's it those are rules until further notice Oh my god So if you guys sneak a peek at what's going on around you the other guy will shoot you understand I size There we go you're gonna get to know those eyes real well. All right, switch to says everyone else follow me So it just says lap shoulder shoulder along these stairs the first day right over here This is scary Well, I see something scarier No, nothing again. Nothing again. Okay. No actually On this map that mistakenly put two barrels in the sky to the north we look over there. So does everyone aim at the uh everyone else aim at the two barrels in the sky They didn't fall for that there's no barrels. Swiftress says jump So it says all commands So it says all my commands going forward do not include you two unless I specifically request it great. So it says crouch Hmm last person stand dies All right last person touched the Jeep dies Swiftress says go into prone Swiftress says crawl towards the Jeep Man really two guys can just put your controller down and go do some analysis and do some crossword puzzles Bigger cake All right great Swiftress says freeze. So does this regen blade please stand up Yeah, right over here. So does please make a way towards me. So does mage please rejoin the game Well Happen man I actually clicked but not my mouse All right, so does have a special job for you. Swiftress doesn't want you to stand between those two guys in the Jeep Oh No There you go. I'm sure you'll be fine Great All right, Swiftress says all commands going forward will plot everyone else that's not in the Jeep All right last person to stand up dies Which says stand up first and you die All right time to level up these tricks uh All right last person on the Jeep dies So if you says stand on a rock You die up to guys get on. I don't trust you tonight I'm Falling All right get job Swiftress says aim your guns the people on the other rock Oh, I can't see the people know that now I can can the people on the front crowd God I don't like it. I'm about it. Ah, Swiftress says swap rocks go I How long will I be doing this for? I think this rocket smaller Yeah, it is all right. Oh, are you guys anything good job great This time we're gonna make this a little more difficult. Don't worry about it Swiftress says go into prone on the rock without falling off bro Man get on there broke on a tree. Yeah Someone's pushing my face There we go nice but behind you back So just mage Please get on one of those rocks Yep, so just go on one of those go go figure it out I would not If you're trying to start against but all you guys do is looking in any other direction Right What Remember not to stand to guys You can feel a bit of pain forcing to us up to the hand man all right Two people will die Last person to stand up Swiftress says the last person to stand up on either rock When I say the name but type of tree will die For example poke tree Which says please come I couldn't catch you we can't blast it up last throw over there All right here we go sort of says please get on top of the Jeep anywhere you want You might be lonely up this Jeep until dangerous things happen All right, so just says go touch the Jeep again Yep, go touch that Jeep All right, I'm asked to be extremely careful here Only Only if you have a very clear Shard of the Jeep and not a player Which is mainly the Jeep once And you See the end cobra get on top of the Jeep This move says everyone else take 10 steps away from the Jeep Rift your camera rejoin I knew we weren't rejoining You have to get me rejoin So no I said no Sorry The the introductory part of the game is over no more response Swiftress says everyone ate at one of the four tires Which says fire one bullet at the tire aiming at So it says run for your life What's this Reese Don't blow me up. Please sir. Were you on top of the Jeep? Yes, oh yeah Why did you get off the Jeep Sir were you also on the Jeep? No, it's the red city hiding Right Swiftress says the people who were on the Jeep get back on the Jeep There's one other one Thank you So sorry boss man Oh worries you were looking directly at me. What do you mean sorry? Okay, no problem I can literally send you the clip but I mean no problem. There's a cook him Swiftress says everyone else get on the stairs for the show All right, boss man, you we guys each get a bullet from my gun The bullets will not go bullets will not go into the players Oh, they will only go into the Jeep It says boss man, would you like me to fire one bullet into the sheep? Yes That's good fun All right boss all right Yeah, wait, would you like me to fire a one bullet into the Jeep? Yeah It's a durable Jeep All right, it'll play all right Swiftress says everyone aim at the Jeep Oh, no Swiftress says the moment anyone gets off that Jeep Fire at the Jeep you cannot fire at the player directly Swiftress says all players in the Jeep you're now relinquished of your responsibilities including Sam and No, no, yeah, no, yeah, you guys sort of as you guys hope to stare each other anymore staring contest is now over You think you guys did a good job all right So it just says you can get off if you want but it's gonna cost you So it just says the moment anyone gets off that Jeep they're gonna fire at the Jeep Your job is a team is to figure out how can you possibly get off that Jeep and survive So my back place Oh Good of my conscience That's right fall. I mean good job guys I Know that that was so close so close to what Please stand in the grass To join our games, please join our discord server. That's uh, we have a link to my discord is in the my Pick tock bio or youtube video descriptions All right, so it says please make groups of three The thing I'm still in the discord though the things to talk into you know, yes, you don't die in real life sir. You only die in the game We will have a great day a great day indeed I see one team at tube that's fine. Don't worry about that. Swiftress says make sure you have your eyes on both people in your group Reason my phone. I don't need my headset on Demano doc, you don't need your mic on either Mister I'm gonna be sure to fly a little bit mister red. I'm gonna review this a little bit. Okay, so But just as everyone Unperson for your groups gonna die your job is make sure it's not you So it says look at the person you want to melee Now this is the part where you do want to talk so it says go ahead and And try and team up with the one in your group Thank you You got the same good Stop moving You two Yeah, close your guys this is closer. Yeah, you need to be within melee range. All right now Swiftress says listen carefully One person will be removed from your group switches. It must be standing You must be within melee range of your two other players Now if more than one person dies in your group the entire group dies. They'll be extremely careful Oh All right, we have a group here that does not understand the meaning of staying in single place There's you guys former triangle and say that way Yep You guys move anymore. I kill you Great So it says discuss a little bit more with your team what last change change your minds I do you want to go The same skin All right, that was always time so for says stop I possibly drive faster Oh man Yeah, there you go. Yes Cool anymore I panic I thought you said so there says melee because everyone was talking And then I melee so yeah All right keep your sense. So what happens next? I die Thank you McCoolman great. Swiftress says look at the first you intend to melee you're good to McCoolman's part of the game all right great remember I only want one person move from each group or the one person's removed the entire group dies melee Good job One We have only one group that did not fall for that these guys over here And we're also didn't say so But where are the three people Oh All right, so Z3 come with me. It says join them over here Please resist all of you guys. Please make your way on top of this wall over here so you can watch Geo come on Bro All right There were too many people that died from that that mini game there. I don't want all of you guys to die Swiftress says everyone on the grass. Please lapse your little shoulder There we go to make game just for you guys in the grass If it says make sure your shoulder to shoulder Swiftress says look to your right Swiftress says look to your left So it says look to your right Look to your left and kill them pretty good kill each other Swiftress says jump Swiftress says crouch Which is going to prone Swiftress says while staying in prone look at me Swiftress says using melee only kill the other people in grass Oh no God damn it Yes, that over yet stay in the ground Yes, are you in my group that tomfowke it's crazy range He killed a person in front of me and me Yeah I got killed by a male that wasn't me Is that a wall please tell me that's a wall No, I'm on the wall Okay, good job. Well, you with me in my group when I Thank you I don't know All I know is I just got murked Oh flat ocean Do you ever listen I'm just trying to add guy. I'm on the wall All right, yeah, that's You got this That's how I'm going You just stay What the hell was this? Trying to get a pamphlet Thank you. All right, Swiftress says please follow me It's okay I'll get it ever when eventually Maybe just today's not the day That you will show your games please join our discord server anyone can join in I don't need your money. I want it. I don't need it. So please get on the fence Oh This is a bad idea Believe in yourself. Well, one call you got this Right on it. I hope to says free slide show you guys Your next New your guys with these white poles one two three Four five exactly exactly five great. It's possible for all of you guys to live Now you're the rules You you try you have to jump on it, but if you miss You're in trouble you don't get to retry Swiftress is if you try and jump on but you miss you go into prone to wait for further instructions Swiftress says there's no time limit. Let's just begin Okay jump straight from the where we are as long as you're on the fence Jump on the fly. Yeah, the fence the white pole you miss the white pole your He'll be punished All right success that's one taken up Don't try there's others too you don't have to share All right two more That guy mantled He touched the floor. Yeah, he touched the floor. He did not. Okay, guys. Don't worry about it Don't worry about it. If I catch him I catch him. Why that's nitching. Why that's nitching? No snitching. All right. Thank you On must be to you must he asks Oh, yeah, these snitches don't get stitches not his okay shotgun Not god hey Yeah, well Oh You got this home lander Hey, job. Yeah, great job everybody Dead hitbox is nothing nearly as bad as I thought All right, guys We another melee game to finish this game. This is how we're gonna get the winner doing it You got listen carefully to the rules the little bit complex one If any players touch the floor including me you may shoot them two There are a lot to melee anybody Who's on the fence with you guys will be jumping back onto the fence three 10 seconds after I start I will let you shoot anybody who's still on the white poles That's it last living player on the fence wins So just give you a recap what you should I do is step one Jump on the fence without dying We're touching the floor step two Carefully melee the other players in the fence or wait for it to play out and get the final kill and then you win the game That's it Any questions You guys got it Oh shit Somebody got a lot of my job My ass like You guys are all off the poles it's melee only time I hate it here You got this one battle you got this Oh No All right There are three players left last person alive You How dare you Posting Go Go No one me yes go dark technically dark he may have slipped on him and added people to deal afterwards but he didn't get the kill good game guys go on what you're shot out dark lord in the words you want to share yeah shout out to you sister and to all the community great game man GG