 What is up everyone welcome the Swift or says so it says turn around Okay, that needs to be a river over here So just can you try and stand on this gate? I don't think it'll work Hey won't I New a place where you can stand we're gonna begin our first challenge immediately. So if it says follow me So if it says come this way follow me follow me All right, so it says don't go any further Who's got the Darth Vader microphone beat yourself, please all right great. So look at your mini map The map ends right here But there's a secret a little ledge right here Mount of the zone and I'm fine look at that on the mini map. I'm out of the zone isn't that beautiful Now it's your just sort of stop jumping around Now it's your job The first person to push me off gets a special prize go Don't just says sir Were you looking to push me off there man? I didn't say Swift says that's very bloodthirst of you, but don't worry You're not in trouble So just expect to win me man Don't expect stand right over there man. Don't fall off. Let's just stand right over here on that edge You're being too careful about us walked over bro. I'm trashed at this game look all you gotta do is not move And you'll be fine. You know how you were in rush to come over here push me off I'm gonna pick two people to try and push you off if they can't do within 30 seconds You're free to go and all is forgiven for the next 20 seconds by the way in my microphone We are not gonna get along all right Swift says everyone crouch All right first two people will stand or my volunteers We're looking around seems gonna die no one did it no one did it all right Swift or says first person to stand volunteers Yes, I got all right first you I'll take snapper and I'll take SG from my down All right, so guys a little bit dangerous mini game You guys just have to push spec off in 30 seconds. What's your prize if you do absolutely nothing? Spec what happens to you if you survive you just get back and get to live Spectre you really have no microphone meant it's always way better where we could talk All right guys don't let me start another game without a voice check all right. That's fine man All right, let's see what did I say 30 seconds. Oh wait, I fixed it. I fixed my mind Thank goodness man, let's go let's go Talking to people is what makes this my favorite part of the game you Switch to suspect please stand up man Yeah, all right man there we go. I feel we have a catch up on so much man so much has happened between Then and now how do you feel about this challenge? Sure, I mean are unfamiliar are you with the with the physics in this game do you think people can push people? I don't believe so good good. Let's start with that great. So it says just don't move for 30 seconds and you're fun Um, can you crouch? No, you must be standing. So does it must be standing? I don't think it helps you anyway. All right 30 seconds. So it says you two big get push them off You're looking pretty good so far man. They're not pushing you He's oh there you go. She's got the secret. You got to spec You can do it. 18 seconds. Yeah No way All right There we go All right, so what does that snap offense? Thank you for not dying while doing that go back to law and SG rest in peace So just a snap offense you can go back great, so as real spec In this game you only do things when what when I say Exactly exactly good job you survived you challenge please go back to the line So it just says go back Good job. Good job. I thought I was gonna get you Yeah, a lot of people don't man. I mean, we're like caught with that. Oh, they'll tell them exactly why What not to do with and they do it anyway, it's pretty funny though. I Oh, I appreciate it. I appreciate it. I still want to see someone we get pushed off here So if just says I'm at the very tip of the end So does this go on try and push me off you can't super says go my hands are in the air for 10 seconds 10 9 Oh Nice these why you kill All right, let me see who's that decides me here Sorry, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Which is which I'm so sorry I'm so sorry. All right player who was killed by steas. Please rejoin the game I'm so sorry, you know, I'm dead. I'm not gonna rejoin. I brought that upon myself. I should deal with the punishment All right, fortunately you guys we're gonna go to the rest of the game Swiftress says there are four LTVs or whatever they are. What are these cuttings called again? LTVs I think it right great sort of says get on one of the four LTVs go ahead. What the Guys making wait Stabber Good look at all of you guys All right, so it says stay with your team now All right Yeah, just move it All right, so let's see this game might be a little bit dangerous, but I believe in you guys Oh, yes, so Amin one of the two vehicles that are closer to you or what him of the closest vehicle to yours. That's not yours I can't do that safely This is what I want. Yeah, this is what this is what I want Listen carefully. I want all four of these vehicles Have race smoke coming out of them Out black smoke Race smoke and you cannot do that to your own vehicle you do it to the other vehicles. This is gonna be like a team effort you guys at the work together All right, first news going back just go to the vehicle with the least player players on it Good night over middle Don't count just go to the guy you know that when you're fine man you're fine Blood and I assume you heard everything I said. I'm sure you did great Smooth to says yep, you're good. No worry about it. You're fine. Swift to says I want every vehicle to have gray smoke within one minute go Wait Oh That's a very good It's what is that skill that sort of killed Joey I killed before I could Now Oh man wait Swift just says hang on we're gonna give a mass amnesty Swift just says if you died you get to come back to life We're back for all live. I need to address something very importantly There just says cake clapper how many times have people in this lobby killed you by mistake today Twice only twice. Okay, you remember their names. Oh No, I do not I remember their names So just say I'm gonna come on over And the other one was actually I don't remember their names was the other guy do you want to remember? I It was me there. I go nickel there. I go. That's right. All right now Real simple cake you believe mistakes happen Yes, you believe in forgiveness No Me too man me too All right, here we go Nickel anime I'm gonna ask about same question again in just a minute both of you guys live an opportunity to talk to him Maybe express that you're sorry. I'm gonna ask him again Are are you flump No, right? Well, I need to meet your microphone man. I hear like your entire family I feel like I hear like three generations of people talking in your background. No worries No worry. That's fine. Just gotta meet your microphone. That's all all right cool So nickel your first man have a chat with with cake clapper switches. Let's go ahead See man, I was picking up this pig eggs and I just wanted to aim And I forgot that it just mail is when you ain't no, that was just there. I was taking up Okay, all right, all right anime or chairman go forward dude I move my arm and hit the Mouth on the dock and it just hit the right right mouse bun I'm sorry dude. You okay? I'll be go for it Okay Two of you guys which is both of you guys say I'm gonna give you guys a little a little life tip excuses Don't take people very far What works a lot better and it's not every time is is really just a heartfelt apology That your story and you know You almost got the right anime now with that said Cake one last time you forgiv either or all these guys Nah So if you guys top of this tank All right, so it says both you guys get on the edge this is gonna be a melee one of you guys get to live we melee only You All right now you might think you're at this advantage anime because he's got like a Yeah nice All right, I speak all right, so it says cake clapper When you name any labor ice cream these guys can both begin They're melee battle so it just says listen carefully and begin You the the the the the the the the the the the the the the far far far far Niko, it's time for science. You're probably a little bit nervous. So it says, Niko, simply go into prone behind this gas station and feel pump over here. Real simple. If it doesn't blow up, you're fine. I don't lead a blow up, man. It's not GTA, right? So it says everyone? Aim at the top of the fuel tank. You're not trying to kill them via penetration. You're just trying to see if this thing blows up. I really doubt it does. Just lift or says unload. Oh, it's not explode. So does it stop? I think he's gone, man. Niko, did you watch your kill, can't man? Yeah, it is. Ortex killed you. Asked the not, should kill you via penetration. Where did those bullets come from? He shot in between the trash can and the pump. So does the score text come on over, man? You bloodthirsty bastard. What happened, man? I need a blow on my hands, bro. You will have a lot of blood. It'll be everywhere, not just your hands. Because I stand on this. You want blood? So it says give him blood. No, no, no, please don't. Oh, I got it. What? So it says give him blood. So it says stop. Yeah, that's correct. Now, you guys understood the mission. Swift or says follow me. The cyclops continue. Yeah. So it says stop. I even, you know, I just don't understand why we can do with this map. Oh, wow, we can come up here. Yeah, everyone come up here with me. So does this tease? Come on up, bro. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Unfortunately, I did not say Swift or says. Look. So it says everyone else? Surround this building. Here's your challenge, tease. All you gotta do is touch the floor without being shot. Oh, come back. Come back. They see you. They're gonna shoot you, man. Well, what are you doing? Look, what? Yeah, we're all over here. Hang on. We need more people here. Look, Swift says, all of you guys, the rules, you must go on the floor. You can't be on any elevated surface, OK? Stees. Oh, shoot, there. It's a backside. Yes, for the steeze, yeah. Look, you've 360 degrees of options. Your only goal is to touch the floor. The second his boots touch the floor, guys, he is safe. Hang on. So what does that stop? Don't do anything yet. I need to peek around. Don't shoot me. I just want to get a sense of where the threat is. Steeze. Bro, you want to stay out of sight, man. The second they see you, they can shoot you. He doesn't have to be in the air. Just one check. I'm going to say no. He has to touch the floor. Oh, yeah. You're screwed. You're not screwed. Oh, no. OK, there I got a view. Yeah. All right, great. Well, Steeze, all you got to do, man, is touch the floor. All you got to do is touch the floor. Yes. You can try and fake the mount, man. You're not forced to jump whenever. So it says just touch once you touch the floor. Ground floor, you are safe. Swift says begin whenever you'd like. Yeah, you're don't move around while people are shooting. OK, guys, get in there. Oh, that's a row. What do you mean, give him a chance? Oh, two pieces of the hand. All right, Swift says everyone on top of that roof, go. All right. So we got, no, we're 50 minutes in this recording only one. Two people are dead. I'm not doing a very good job of pacing this game. So we give you guys a challenge. Then people will feel the challenge. You're going to have to like, you know, probably murder each other or something. So get ready for that one. So let's take a look here. There's a lot of stuff we can mantle here. I like that. Well, it might be good. OK, climb it. You see all the cars, good. But a lot of people can fit underneath. Something that's got, you can only fit like half you guys. Oh, no. Oh, boy. Oh, yeah, no, yeah. I'm still looking. Looks pretty small or half size. The straight things, a dumpster would be mean. All right. OK, I've decided where I want you guys to go. I'm going to choose any part of the roof to begin on. You don't know where I'm going to send you. So it's up to you. Oh, no. Oh, man. Choose your spawn. 10 seconds. I'm going to go closest to the switch or just in case. There you go. All right. So what just says free is you're not a lot to move anymore. I'm going to show you where you guys are going. Name your session. Name your game. You see what it says? You see where I'm standing? This is not it. See where I'm standing here? This is also not it. No. So just as you see over here, this is it. Swiftress says go. Oh, no. I should have stayed on the other side that I was on. Oh, my god. I was like, seconds, five, four, three, two, one. Swiftress says freeze. No. Swiftress says freeze. Oh, you got to be kidding me. Stand up. Why are you playing? Freeze. Why are you playing? Name your friends. Oh, my god. Do the your. Do the. All right. Swiftress says if you're feet are not on top, back up. For just back up if you're not on there. Push. This is back up. There we go. All right. Wow. I was like, the best from there. I was like, I'm going to stop. I was like, I'm going to stop. I'm going to stop. I'm going to stop. I'm going to stop. All right. Swiftress says. Listen. Swiftress says, listen. All of you guys, what the floor? Swiftress says, stop talking. Swiftress says, back on that roof, all of you guys who failed the challenge. You can look at the money you want, man. But you're not doing them. Go back up there. All right. As well, you guys over here are safe on this on top of this. Thanks for choosing guys can chill over here. I need to conduct a little mini game without you guys. So just say tight. Great. Let's say we just stay here. This is comfortable. Yeah. All right. Cool. Swiftress says I want you guys to make two lines. One line on top of the south side of the roof. One line on north side of the roof. Swiftress says two lines facing each other. I'd like it to be as equal as possible. What do you think is? I left that building probably last. I just managed to crawl myself up. I was on the side. I was like, you know what? Maybe I should go on the side, close to the suite. Right there in it. I was literally on there. Let's try not to get close to the other side. Jimmy joined the other side. Swiftress says, go. Thank you. All right. There we go. It's an eight versus nine. It'll be good. Now, Swiftress says you guys have the point. You're going at somebody. Anybody that's not a crosser me. Swiftress says you cannot point at the person straight across from you. Swiftress pointed at any other person. Not on your side, bitch. Come on, man. Come on. Sorry. Sorry. That's not your fault, Kim. Not your fault. I'm not clear. Who says your aiming gets one on the other team that's not directly across from you. So like at a diagonal. At a diagonal. There you go. Yes, that's what I wanted. I just want to ask for a diagonal because it's possible for you guys. My neck had shut up this way. Now, Swiftress says aim at their head. You will kill that person. You will kill them when I give you the word. Swiftress says, fill that person. Once I say the name of an actual basketball team. This is going to be a basketball team anywhere on the planet. I don't want to make this. Jesus. I'm not the guy. Swiftress says, listen carefully. Anytime I say the name of a basketball team, you will kill your target. Swiftress says, floor. Where are you? Come to the center of the street. Are you up here? Where are you, floor? No, I'm dead. Remember you killed me. You know what I remember, man? Your microphone really just dude. I don't know what you're watching. It sounds like some cool AI generated like erotic fiction. But please meet your microphone, man. Please. Thank you. I remember recording your man. Dude. Thank you. Thank you, man. Great. I just remember any basketball team on the planet, as long as legit. Harlem train hoppers. Harlem Globetrotters. What? What the? What? What? What? Not even a team. Swiftress says that. Oh, no. What? You said the trotters the second time, right? Yeah, that's cool to us, correct? They're a team. That's right. That's correct. The Hollywood trotters are. It should not be an NBA affiliated, but it could be a basketball team. That's a basketball team, man. It's a basketball team. It's a basketball team. What? You guys are not a whole trotters, man. A legendary. My parents, but they know. They know. They do not. They know what you're going to do. I know I was going to die. They didn't say anything. I didn't. Did you get your name right? Did I get your name right? I don't know. Is there anyone watching the street that's not like? Look, you don't have to know who they are or any people on. I don't even know any names on there. You know they exist, right? Yes. I know. Any team that I'm going to be there to go watch them. They're hilarious. Okay. Unfortunately, there are still too many people up here. Swiftress says, condense your line. Shoulder to shoulder. I'm just glad it's the person. I'm like, what kind of a tiger isn't it would have counted? I said anything. Any team. Any team. On the planet. Shoulder to shoulder. Move up. They came to your school before? That's pretty cool. No, that's fine. I wish they came to my school, man. My school is like a no where. Okay. Swiftress says shoulder to shoulder. Oh, I'm going to have a brother. Dude, move. Swiftress says, group up, guys. Come on. Thank you. But it's worth it, Joey. All right. This one's going to be a lot simpler. Just kill the other team. Go. No. What are you doing? Oh, what are you doing? Dude, but you guys. What? Oh, they're all. They're all. They're all. I even shoot. Oh, that never. Yeah, they're all. They're all just running a straight line. He just went to a straight line across. Oh, my God. They caught him. They're like a clapper with the fire. Oh, man. I don't even shoot. I didn't even shoot. I just dream of this. I didn't even shoot. Swiftress says you did not shoot. Return to those players. Swiftress says, Jimmy, you did not shoot. Return to those players. Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, hang on. Hang on. Spawn killed someone. Didn't he? Zero kills. You want to go to the scoreboard? Oh, yeah, he's. We're having a ninja guy. Oh, he's dead. All right. Gentlemen. You're good. All right. That's what I count on, man. It's going to be no fun if you guys are too good at this. All right. Swiftress says, laps you'll show them. Let me get to know our finalists over here. That's the game, man. We're playing another game after this. Not Swiftress says, but we're playing something else. I don't know. I don't know. Nine players. Good. Something right next to Jimmy. All right. Swiftress says, get to know each other. Don't look at each other. I lost, man. Hello, guys. Hello. I just thank you. Let's be friends. I know. I most likely will kill you. We will be the best friends forever. I just want to give you three teams of three. You guys are allowed to look at our organization. Oh, you're in my team. You want to be on my team? Come on, you're in my team. I'm on my team. Yes. Jimmy. Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy. That's Jimmy. Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy. There we go. I like this team. I like this. All right. Swiftress says, stop. This is your team until further notice. All right. Jimmy, Evil Jimmy, and Smoky. We have Boss Man, Matt Stahls, and Stofa. We got Deraxys, Kitten, and Deadwood. Swiftress says, memorize your teammates. Why? Because I don't want to memorize them. Good. All right. Swiftress says, all three teams follow me. You guys will be working together on these challenges to eliminate one team at a time. And then at the end, obviously, eliminate each other. So this is like a temporary alliance. We're not going to allow, you know, create people to win this game. Part of me while I just, you know, get a feel for. Oh, here. Perfect. Just as we found, who just says group up with your team? Good. Great. Swiftress says, like, all three teams actually on top of the tank. I'm going to explain this mini game. All right. Swiftress says, choose your spot in the tank. Your positioning does matter. No, no, no, guys. Let's go in different positions. Tactics. That's actually pretty good. All right. Swiftress says, you guys are good. Swiftress says freeze. Listen carefully. Swiftress says, no moving. Now, on the wall over here, there's a mural of six kids. They're holding roses, whatever. And when you're no Arabic, what does that say? No one. We're serious when you need them. Anyway, here's the deal. I want one player standing in front of each of these kids. The team with the least representation will die. What does that mean? Let's say, you know, two people from TMA, three people from Team B, and one person from Team C. All of Team C will die. That would be, you better be fucking quick. Now, who will I count? Okay, it'll be whoever's closest to the center of the kid. This lab is pretty creepy, but look, I'm just working with what's on the wall. All right. Swiftress says go. All right. That looks good to me. Swiftress says stop. First, let's remove a few folks. Swiftress says kitten. Leave the area. Swiftress says smoking. Leave the area. Okay. All right, let's see here. Swiftress says if you're a Matt Stahl's team, go into Prone. All right. Swiftress says if you're on Deadwood's team, crouch. Interesting. So it's three, two, and two. What to do with a tie, huh? Well, anyways, Swiftress says Matt Stofur, Boss Manter, as you three are definitely safe. So what does this three of you guys on top of this bulldozer or whatever we hear? Nice. All right. Too any? I didn't really think about the tie aspect of it. That's definitely very plausible. Okay. Wait, I'm turning the volume. I'm turning the volume. Smoke, you failed us. I'm turning the volume. I'm really quick. Hang on. There is nine of them in six kids, so I didn't think this through. There was seven that would be perfect. So, let's see how well I... Oh, I got it. Swiftress says all four of you go back over there. There's all four of you go back. I'm just going to take one of the slots. That would be five. Then team to take up the full three. I'm going to use one of you guys instead. It was a boss man. It was a boss man. Pick anyone and stand in front of it. That would... Okay. There we go. The only valid ones are one, two, three, five and six. Smoke, you're behind everyone. You're going to lose. There we go. All right. Keep moving. Swiftress says go. Three, two, one. Swiftress says freeze. Damn. Smoky, did you win? Hang on. This is good. This is good. This is good. Do you hear me? One. The problem here is that you and Smoke are sharing the same one. No. Same team. Yeah. I'm going to work. Swiftress says evil. You're going to work. Yeah. You're going to work. Swiftress says evil. There's going to be one guy that's not here, right? Nope. Nope. Oh, no. You guys are... Yep. There's a Smoky and Jimmy. Evil Jimmy. Swiftress is all three of you guys over here. It's a dating work. They're dating work. I'm sorry, guys. No. We had an hour of fun. Jimmy, you should have some help smokey. All right. Just go out. We need to go lower. That sounds good idea. All right. Swiftress is you three, please. Shoulder to shoulder. There we go. You go meet a Smoky. Swiftress says two other teams. Lapshoulder to shoulder. It's time for your next challenge. Swiftress says you two teams. Let's go. Lesson carefully, guys. Okay. Okay. That's your kid, bro. Yeah. All right. You might want to ask him to cover their eyes. All right. So here's the mini game, guys. It's okay. He's used to me dying on the games. He's used to me dying on the games. I'm trying to decide what I want. Okay. We're going to eliminate one more team right now, actually. One of these two teams are going to just be eliminated as well. There are six of you. The team. Swiftress, take out your gun. The team to get the most out of you. The team to get the most kills out of these three players. The team gets two out of three. There are team wins and the other team dies. Understand? Can we run? No, you guys will stand still. Oh, that's lame. Swiftress says go. Two from Matt Stahl. Two from Matt Stahl's team. Come over here. Dude, that's a lot more fun. Wow. Give a shotgun. Alright. Can you were the only person on your team to get a kill? Unfortunately. Alright, congratulations. Shotgun. Really? Dude, choose it. Can broken. Congratulations to your team. You got your team survived the challenges. Which says you guys are no longer a team. You're now a family. Congratulations. You're gonna get to kill each other. Swiftress says go. Favley. Favley. Favley. Favley. Favley. Alright, Swiftress says follow me. Blocked this. No one knows. Expect. That was just so quick and so ruthless. I know. I know. You know, if we didn't do the intro where I got myself killed, this would have been a a better pace game. Probably. Definitely. It was interesting though. It made it interesting. Yeah. Yeah, we're very glad. Alright, Swiftress says you three please stand over here. This is the framing I'm looking for. Oh boy. Swiftress says free. Family portrait. Swiftress says go to prom. Oh no. I could see the same thing. I have full confidence boss man. Actually, what? I think for you boss man. Damn. Swiftress says you can stand up now. Alright, the first person to touch me will be the winner of the game. I place proxy me mind to the two windows. The fastest route to me is the jump of the windows. The proxy me mind is there. The safer route is a run through the door, but that's longer route. First person to touch me wins. Ready set go. Impressed. Swiftress says the first person to touch me without going through the main opening in front of you wins the game. You guys can use any other route. You can jump down and go up the stairs. You try and jump to the window. You can touch my toes from over there. Back in when you're the game. Swiftress says go. First person to touch me wins. Fuck. Who would that be close? Oh no. Oh no. He said it's so far. You should have run in the window. Oh no. Damn it. I'm not dying. Well boss man is the winner. Congratulations. I would like to know how I died though. And he survived. I'm sorry. You kind of went through the second one. It was already triggered. I got the poison. It was the simmity mine. Oh. I have full poppin' Alright. Sort of as boss man. Kill the other two and give your shout out. Congrats. Nice execute you, Stupor. Thank you. That's body lock. Shout out to you. Shout out to my amazing partner, Bitty Bubsky as well. Way to go. Congratulations. The win great game guys. A lot of fun there. A lot of fun moments. GG. If you want to join our games, join our discord server. You can just search Google or whatever for Swift or discord. Alright. GG. For you. GG.