 What's up everyone welcome to Swiftress says let's kick it off only do what I say when I say Swiftress says for example crouch right now or you die And no one did it because I didn't say Swiftress says but I said Swiftress says crouch now and you die We have five people who want to die says you You and you and you come on over on you Almost today this guy so lucky next to me. Okay, that was sneaky one Who expects me to do that right out the gate right that was terrible Oh, he's snitching Don't worry about it great Swiftress says we're gonna play a little game of Don't drown we said this all the time back into the events warfare days. I think so here's how here's the way the game Marks you guys will all go underwater at the same time and the first person to come up for air dies Swiftress says all six of you Hop into the water over here load above though. I want to see your heads Yeah, go to twitch.tv4 slash Swiftor. Okay great now Swiftress says you guys are a lot to watch as long as you stay behind me. Please don't walk in front of my view Thank you. I need to see what's going on all right great so Swiftress says all of you guys over here where you are doesn't matter too much as long as you're kind of in front of me You guys will all dive at the same time when I fire my gun. So it says dive now to see so you know what the button is to dive That's a melee, but that's why we practice So it says dive to make sure you know how to dive one of you guys did not dive So it says person right there you haven't dive yet, bro. Do you not know the button? There we go great Right so just as come up for air great All right, everyone here. So it says you guys will be all assistant referees You guys will all observe who you think Came up first All right, so it says you six listen very carefully. You will only dive Swiftor says you will only dive immediately and you hear me fire my gun So it says look at me so you can easily tell when I fire my gun. Let's just all right Which is that go I'm a little late there, but all right. Let's see how this turns out First person to come up alive does really simple You guys have a bar on your screen and show us how much oxygen you have remember you need to account that like It takes you time to get close to the top of the water if you get too close though in your head pops up I'm gonna consider that you know you Break them the water for air. Oh, and we are first And we have our All right, blivian there I go all right congratulations you five you passed the Don't drown challenge. Please rejoin the players over here. You earned it So it says you two in the waters says you three up over here All right, no worries guys You guys just volunteered for the bonus round you guys will play one more round in the first person up for air We'll die Swiftor says both of you listen very carefully Swiftor says the same rules we will dive immediately when I fire the gun Swiftor says go So it says come back up It needs to be the exact same time you went a little bit late man Press the button to dive as soon as you see me fire all right or hear it whatever whatever works for you It needs to be immediate. Let's try it again. Swiftor says go First person to come up for air will die you can look at the other guy you can try and fake him out maybe But just know that when I see your head pop up above the water first you die You place in bets already man All right, if it's not him you'll die I got some bad news guys neither of them are coming up for air ever again That was not how it was supposed to go all right Swiftor says follow me Remember once you die you do not rejoin the game. I've seen I've been reminded recently that somebody looked rejoined the game But they're not supposed to understand that the penalty for this is a permanent band. Thank you for following the rules like everyone else Cool Swift says lap shoulder along the edge over here by the water Oh, I went bullet three counts as not to say anyway Level please lower level please Yeah, Swiftor says look to your right Oh Wait, that's the wall. That's the north oh my bad. Sorry. I met my right look to my right Hi, what's your name? To have to say something to me man, you made a mistake Don't feel bad man. I mean you're gonna die, but don't feel bad about it's just a game Sir, so just please join them You Anyone else want to take a peek at what's going on? There we go all right Now you guys can look at these two guys go ahead now you're allowed to look Great you two kill each other You'd restrain right there one of your names guys This is what I chose not to do a microphone check today. This is on me your name again Hey, all right, bro, do you have a microphone man? Can you use it to talk to me? Hello, hello there we go great you got it. Okay good because I was gonna screw you over in a moment Unreal there we go man. Oh, yeah, unreal you killed Syrian by mistake at the beginning of the game That's right Serious Syrian come over here. I want you to see your killer in the eye He didn't feed in fall for he didn't fall I tried to kill Syrian didn't fall for all right cool now You two made a goof but the only one of you guys need to die. So it just says unreal. Please Proch right over here like this Okay, all right and beast you come over here crash over here like this You guys can't see each other but you know the other players on the other side When I fire my gun First person to climb on top of the object there in front of Can shoot the other player got it Oh Of course says listen very carefully only you two one more time When I fire my gun you climb shoot the other guy Which says go Oh no bro, I do lose that Okay, that's all right swiftness as we join the line Thank you All right, great Swift or says crouch Swift or says stand crouch and stand again Swift or says jump Swift or says crouch stand then jump Jump Jump stand then crouch Swift or says look to your right You're looking out into the water Swift or says fire one bullet into the water Swift or says fire two bullets into the water Great Swift resistor in a round to give me Aim straight up Up up up up up up up or says you three whoa bro, what the hell is that you two. So does it you four? Come with me Right, so does you four stand over here here. Do you have not even moving my screen anymore because I'm afraid to be in some nice business. Call that again. All right. You four are going to play a different mini game. What does it says? Sir, is there a reason why you two got your blades? No. My bad. All right. So what does each of you four are only allowed to fire? So what does listen to what I'm about to say? Completely. Here's the way the game works. You guys each can fire one bullet after you jump once. For example, jump fire. Jump. Fire. You can't fire a second time until you've jumped again. Got it? Using those rules, you must win against the three other players over here. Swiftress says everyone else going to prune. Okay. Swiftress says begin. All right. That seemed fine to me, I guess. Nice shot, got to go. Don't want to jump in twice after he jumped. That guy that survived. Wait. Did he jump only once? Fire twice? He jumped once and five. Oh, damn. All right. Anyway. All right. Swiftress says follow me. Oh, my God. Well done. Well done. Sorry, guys. I need to kill three. It'd be like that sometimes. Sometimes the game does not fare, guys. That was so good. It was only perfect if you didn't die, I think. All right. Just wait right here. Swiftress says back up a little bit. Make sure. Oh, very good. Look, it's real simple. You guys will go for your current platform over there. You must hop on the boats and then make it a safety. If you fall into the water, other players are allowed to shoot you. They probably have their own, you know, they probably have their own concerns. I wouldn't worry about it too much. Swiftress says go. It's a little easier for them one of you guys to go to the water. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. I'm not going to die. He was mounted, he's about to be messing up. I read it really. You're about to win the game. But that's not completely out of the flow. We can go to the water. Look, if they're in the water, they're fair game. Great. Good news, guys. We have a little bit more time with our friend, the Turing. No. No. No. Swatress says they behind me. If you do not like it close to me. Look. It's still alive. It's still alive, though. What does this wait? No, no, no. It's getting the glitch to me again. I can't see. All right, so if there's the last person to make it up here with me, dies. You can use any route you want, but if you're the last person, you die. Oh, there's the last one. Let's see. Let's see. Oh, it's grabber right here. Let's just wait. Is there anyone else? I still just want to go the long way around. All right, we have seven people. Are there only eight people in the live in the game right now? Yep. Yep. All right, sorry. Ice. All right, good job, you guys. What does that say? Don't get any closer. The center again is still there. In fact, there are several challenges for you guys. What does that say? You can shoot people if they fall off this platform. What does that say? It's just survive without falling off. It could live. Oh, Lord. Yep, that's what I said. Be careful, man. Oh, man. You know, you're in. You're in. All right, what it says? What it says? It's still dangerous. There, that's good. I've got serians come. Can I come? You know, it was worth it to kill Seren. Nobody killed. All right, the game, again, it's worth it if they fall off. You can kill them. Watch out. They're still a turret out there. Oh, Lord. Can we pick them up? Nope. These are toys for me, man. You have a V-E-E-V. You have to reach the front track. How do you have a V-E? A bomb drone. Okay, I finally have something reusable. Very good. Very good. All right, so here are the rules, guys. This one says U-5. Let's take cover in that red house over there. Your job is simply not to get blown up by the bomb drone. You cannot bite back into bomb drone. And if someone leaves the house, you can kill them. This one says U-5. Inside. Good luck. It must be inside the house. Dude, does it? All right, cool. Again, stay inside the house and survive the bomb drone. That's it. I can see you through the window, bro. Hi. I don't know. Maybe I'll kill one person. Maybe I'll kill three. I don't know who knows. All right. Good luck. It's run out, guys. Can you take it to your map, guys? Pay attention to your map. All right, I've got only so much battery. You, who? I guess. No. No! We have one winner. I thought he was going to go winner. Bro, you guys were all grouped up together. It was too juicy. Congratulations, super knocks. Come on out. No. I should have won the hand with super knocks. God damn it. I just survived that super knocks. Eight. I just saw it on the mini map and ran away from it. He used that freaking body. Wow, man. 200 eye key. All right, super knocks. What just shot? I'm happy. Congratulations on the win. Shout out to my beautiful girlfriend, Tiktok. Cast your PA TV. Oh! Not as real man, man. All right. GG. Yeah. Good game, guys. You want to join in our games? Join our discord server. Discord. Discord.GG. Orch SlashWift door. Good game.