 One is up everyone. Welcome to Swiftress says we have lots of folks here We're gonna sacrifice their in-game lives or your under-temps So it says jump up and down if you're excited to die for entertainment for content No one not jumping because you're gonna die first That's that's fair that's fair. All right, so it says don't stop jumping and follow me Yeah, I feel like we did this two episodes. So it says stop stop jumping Great, Swiftress says make a single file line. That means stand behind someone else Not me All right, Swiftress says follow the person in front of you Which is says You fratts and follow me Mm-hmm, no tricks yet. I haven't tried to trick anybody yet What's going on a tour here You might as well see the entire map and before you murder get murdered All over All right, cool. We've done this before we know for a fact that all players cannot fit in them between you know these two blue things over here so Yeah Yeah, between these two things are you die go What a sturdy group Swiftress is get between there or else I Five seconds five four three two one Swiftress as freeze. Oh, so does this freeze That is tragic all right Charred twisted confluent Becca, so you guys follow me So just back to this wall, please We have a red we have a hippie hobby in the middle Oh Oh Oh, and Lando what the what are you doing here? Whatever just too cool land. Oh, please stand over here All right Swiftress is freeze stop talking. It's time for a mini game just with these guys All right, real simple folks This is just Simon says in call duty. Swiftress says only do what I say when I say Swiftress All right, Simon says crouch Dan says Swiftress says Mean Simon or friends, but different games great five left. Let's see if you guys down to three All right, let's see we got two guns over here Uh you five switches pick up these guns if you want to die Oh The cool man you see Which one are you gonna go for? Which one we're gonna go for? various Which is this cool man picking up So just me cool man, please return to your spot All right, great all right, so sometimes I do commands I try and trick you but sometimes I just do time-based commands like the last person to react dies for example Swiftress has last to jump dies Swiftress is me cool man come with me Oh cool man This me cool man please stand right here Here just look at any of those birds Oh All right, one more last person to jump dies So if you guys come with me I did not say so to says The fool who survived yep, yep echo you two switches you three please follow me I've been watching of Swiftress says to know Oh, let's see how you do All right, here we go Let's see switches as you three step left shoulder shoulder Yeah, I can be sat here All right, let's listen to all you guys flying switches as you three turn around We're dropping my flies here All right, let's see here All right switches as you three kill each other Yay back up Great job. All right Swiftress says everyone inside this little area over here Scaffolding blue scaffolds. What's inside inside? Oh, man, all right, two more kills for a for supply drop. Let's figure out who's gonna die So it says hug a wall Perfect All right, here's the way this game's gonna work I'll throw a thermo barrack grenade up in the air you guys just gotta run out of here before you die good luck Run for it We got it boys great So it says everyone Here again Have for true danger true danger Better stand up All right, five seconds, you gotta be up there I was doing so well for Three my suck to my back Two happens come on Rick where I'm get up there bro mad you get on that chop up better than all your friends come on Ah Five four that's tough three. Hey, don't you touch me off one switch test freeze Yeah, Dalton look at anything that's yellow Please move Oh, it's a Friday color don't worry. I can't I get the prompt to Excuse me. Please move Can't murder Hello, why hello sauce? Just as please follow me To just as please turn around Damn bro rest of peace to you sauce GE he wants your sauce All right here we go If you goober How are you pushed off Somebody you believe you were wrong by somebody Uh, I don't know there's so many people pushing the cartoons Okay, good answer. Oh my Oh Oh my god This game If you fall off you die good luck Oh, you guys should be fine. I think Maybe I don't know might get stuck over there. I'm not too sure. Oh my god. No. I don't know what's gonna happen Yes Yes Stuck up. All right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, swifter says follow me That was a bus Too bad too bad At least we have a century Swiffer says everyone please stand on top of this fence Shit, hey look it's high rise It's similar to high rise all right looking good high up ice. Do me a dangerous game Swifter says do not believe what? Uh-oh What do you mean by that cluster mind? Oh Look don't rush this one only what I'll only be killing one person directly the mines. I don't know Swift just says the last person to get behind me dies go Wow Wow Freaking TL man you were the last person. I didn't say any mine self. Yes, you did I was not a player. Sorry Yeah Ow All right Grinched out guys All right TL and you were the last person not gonna kill you in the spot But you have to earn your way back into the game. All right, let's see here You know what you don't never mind take it back because you three follow me Oh Yeah, it's been forgiven Sweet crown. All right, this is all three of you please hide behind oh Need to put you guys somewhere safe Wait, what do you mean by that? Here here? What do you mean? What is this three just just just take crush behind this thing over here? Oh my god, he's gonna put the turret up. Yeah, I stopped spawning my game. All right, here you go. Yes I Know you want to pick I don't recommend you Great we're all easy We're gonna turn them way to this way, so it says running around the turt and circles on stop last person live wins So it says begin Uh, finally able to make more alive There you go circles there you go Oh Please do not stop right in front of the turret trying to murder you All right, oh RJ when you're first game man, look at that dude. I mean you like you don't not die over there In first area You can gradually send me you get a victory speech go for it You know, I just want to thank god, you know I'm still good at this game Thank god that I'm still good at this game Yes, the skills of the swifter says game are very applicable in real life for sure. All right No, let's get you for our next round. They are absolutely not