 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says we're back on wasteland Swiftress says please get on the wall behind you So we're gonna break you down to two teams You guys over here will be East team Swiftress says East wall over here You guys will be the West wall So it says you're West wall Swiftress says if you are on the West wall jump once Great Swiftress says the last person to jump on the West wall dies Reclose between Mohawk and Dark Lord over there Who closed the call I'll let them go alright now East wall is your turn last person jump on the East wall dies go Swiftress says middle turn up S. Rod and Salama come on down You guys the winners I don't say Swiftress says what the price is Probably you three kill each other Swiftress stop stop stop oh Jesus S. Rod would you have shot back if we kept on shooting no right of course not you didn't say so there we go man I like that so does S. Rod please return back to line Swiftress says Salma Salama sorry I'm a rebranded through a Sal Come back into the game It says middle turn up kill yeah this your first game man Yes, yeah, that's exactly it exact dude. What is my job? What is my job? What is my job in this game? The trick people right yeah my job of trick people so you know you are only helping me do my job by being tricked now You help me do my job one more time and my other job, which is a big one Is to entertain people That's you guys watching at the expense of others others as you people so Swiftress says middle turn up please stand over here You have a challenge Your challenge will be to Run between both these walls And touch the chopper You'll be safe and you touch the chopper If you can't get to the chop within five seconds every person the walk and start shooting at you So five seconds all right you can begin when I fire my gun all right Excellent why didn't you go because I didn't say Swiftress says right yeah great job man you can return to the line I Get them all right, that's it again. We're done being nice Swiftress has crutch No one really died so I'm a boring war right Well, let's kill someone right now last person to stand dice. Oh No, oh, didn't Oh, so does owner so does owner please come with me man It's just own please stand on top of this tractor you don't live a dream for me man My dad would also say if we got one of them I'd probably die Swiftress does unload Hopefully not like that So does that stop I think he's dead three three left Glory oh yes Swiftress has stand up Great last person up off the wall dies Oh No, sir to say dark lord. I mean that's her up You're actually the just the challenge I described to Grab the earlier you'll simply need to touch the chopper within five seconds I feel like that's plenty of time Swiftress says you guys the walk and shoot dark lord if It does not touch to touch the chopper within five seconds I'll let you know in the time is up when you hear me say the word zero it means time is up all right We just put this is dark lord your only job is it took that choppers fast you can Yep, so it says you will start when I fire my gun. So does you guys will fire at him when I say zero if he's not touching the chopper So if just says go five four three two one zero Oh I'm a dick let's be really your Swiftress says we follow me come on Come on really thank you's gonna be able to live five seconds a lot time There's always a chance Swiftress says I went inside the the bar house over here That's BS absolutely it is man come on bro come on You think I'm here to be nice all day? Who your grandma's house for no letter feed you cookies. This is Swiftress says I'm trying to kill everybody All right, great all right, Swiftress says please make sure your back is touching any wall inside this little barn your area Jury yeah, it's dirty. I know So does this looks straight up Great listen to the rules my toss a grenade I'm gonna cook it a little bit and your job will be to run for your life Swiftress does do not look down no matter what okay if you're running away you must be looking up It goes means to run away from the grenade sound and not towards it to die so you have to rely on your audio to survive this minigame understand That's sir all right, so run away when I throw the grenade There's no talking this way. I'm everyone will have an equal chance of hearing what this grenade is going Good luck So does that's for ease So don't go back inside All right, so it says you guys please stand over there So it says Please go outside Yep This is you to we're caught outside over there, please Just as middle turn up we can't live forever man. It was outside. Please Anyway, we have seven people here Swiftress says when I say the name of a movie that Keanu Reeves is in all of you guys will kill each other Swiftress says jump once you have no idea who Keanu Reeves is Okay, okay Turtress says remember the blood bath only begins when I say the name of a movie Turtress says everyone else without mentioning Any movies or media or whatsoever. So it says explain who Keanu Reeves is Okay Really it says stop All right, hang on. Swiftress says everyone in the barn over here other way Air 420 can look down bro. So does he can look down there we go So it says if you can give me a quote from any movie that Keanu Reeves is in a police crouch All right, so does Henry without naming the movie or anything So does this is the city of the lot can be from anyone in the movie that he's in I'm thinking I'm back Okay, that's good. That's good. All right. So does the steves go for it. Give me a give me a quote Maybe I'm wrong Okay, let's think it can be a quote from anybody in the movie doesn't have the Keanu Anyone else have a quote from me just a crotch if you have a quote. That's it. Got two people. Oh there you go x-ray Go for it. Swiftress go ahead. All right. Oh, I don't know if you remember but we saw each other that is I saw you you never told me how beautiful you were That's off Google whoa My favorite one is from my favorite one from him. Okay, which no one knows Ha, there you go. I actually know that one Yay, okay, here we go. I guess what it says you guys get ready If you make a mistake you automatically die. Obviously Oh All right, so there's no one's allowed to talk on for it One more time Swiftress says when I say the name of a movie not a game not a show a movie Keanu Reeves the actor is in You guys can kill each other in the last person alive lifts Super Mario brothers the movie The Witcher All right, so it was active chaos to turn up. Please come over here All right, one of you guys one of you guys panic shot After the other guy shot All right, so it's a middle term. I think you were the first person to fly, right? Yeah, all right hang on hang on have you watched me the Witcher like TV shows or whatever I think even think is a No no explosives, please. I'm right here I think the Witcher's great, man. I'm really sad that Henry Cavalz no longer gonna be the lead one But who's taking over for him? Yeah, another hamster with brother one of the hamster with others. There you go. Which might be good. Which might be good Anyway So it says you two the game continues come on Just you two can look at each other Minty and Salama All right, all right, remember Swift says when I say the name of a movie The canna Reeves is in you guys can kill each other Cyberpunk 2077 You Latrix Sir what movie did you hear me say The matrix What did I say I said matrix I said latrix you said My pronunciation was off whatever so does this return to the group fine fine I was trying to say matrix Matrix matrix matrix. I don't know what I go with L Anyway, it's time to play the game. I was talking about hooray. So does everyone looks straight up Do it just says if you look down you automatically die by the way, so just look straight up So If just says when you hear the grenade you may run this does not look down no matter what okay You may do multiple rounds So it says good luck Wait, how did I get up the empty oh that hurt I hope that yeah, so does this mwmd I was looking for anybody who'd look down during that mini game. Do you see anybody? Remaster remaster Remaster are you sure me? I swear I did not look down I pull out my sniper and it may look like I look down I swear I've been looking at the clouds the whole time So if just says everyone go back into the barn you can look down to go back We're playing another round The reason I threw it over there because I thought some people had a plan to like immediately run outside Which I did not like I don't like This time the game will be a little bit different I've been tossing two grenades Oh, no good luck switches that looks straight up Oh So just good luck Oh look down bitch I never looked down though I never looked down I never looked down Does someone say hurting That really did all right good job guys you survived swiftress has followed me Oh you can look what is it you can look down all right, so just as everyone please stand on this fence over here You guys did a great job surviving And you did even better job if you look down and look back up and I didn't catch you did you didn't even better job congratulations Switcher says look at the partner next to you Just make sure you're locked you have eyes locked with them. I want everyone to have a partner Well, I still have that I don't have a partner I'll give you a partner if you don't have one don't worry actually So if you don't have a partner come on down Great so what it says you three are having a three-way congratulations All right, so everybody on Actually, so does everybody only melee will be used for this game You guys will be cut in half for this one, so please listen carefully All right, let's see here now. Let's think of um What game is this? Call a duty we're doing time and time and time and call a duty if you're just joining in this is swiftress All right, swiftress says when I name a console or system That link the legend of Zelda is in You will melee your partner or partners are your part of this rearway understand that let's go over the role more time Once a name a system what is Zelda link from the legends Zelda what you don't know who is oh you're dead Talk to us or the people that are having a three-way Oh, man, I don't know I cannot help you there man. Just I would say your best bet is We hear the people stabbing maybe you should stab too. All right, you know, you know, I look I understand that Everyone knows every single bit of like you know popular culture. That's okay. That's what it is That's okay All right Swiftress says the game has begun Swiftress says when I name a system at the character link from the legend of Zelda Has been in any game on that system guys will murder with melee your teammate Xbox Whoa Hang on hands resist these come on down So to the steese to the steese come on down man Bro you swung your weapon as Syrian when I said Xbox Um, which could be totally valid can please name which game on the Xbox link is in Oh wait Ha That game is sorry It's okay man. It's okay man. Maybe you maybe you thought I said Atari No, so this way Carried So just care can you please name one game on Atari where link you know made it appearance Except this way Okay, let's keep on going Atari Jaguar PlayStation 2 PlayStation 5 Haha no Colleco vision I didn't know that was the thing CDI That's it In girl In man Super PlayStation 64 You Nintendo and Slavement System Of course I may have her my relationship with Nintendo with that one but Oh All right, let's get this over Nintendo 32 We're dying in that shit Oh someone that doesn't have a partner Nintendo Wii That's what We only have five players after that These that was terrible Please follow me All right, we have five players left. This is way too fast actually no 25 minutes. We're good That was a fun one Link was in Kingdom Hearts Awakening. Oh, you see if you have if you could tell me with proof that with that you know that It was there. I want to let you live. That's why I asked before I kill I don't I don't pretend I know everything. I mean sometimes I do all right. Yeah, I've already made players Syrian attacker Remastered bill and rack All right I think he wants to use that breach of the Syrian come with me Serious Did I ask anyone to take out their breach or tone to show it to me? Oh, he finally got caught But I'm a show off To the Syrian oh well, please send out that smoke It says name five movies. Can't or even sin then you can get off there. So does it go John make John make two John make three John make four John make five Yeah Hey, hang on hang on the job with real moving It's confirmed he is It's confirmed is there really a job with life Not yet it's confirmed it's gonna be It exists it's in production of what it's not Is It's officially being written out except that surface has returned to the line Like get on my level It's the lame one with the shield okay, it's time We're gonna kill one player All right, this one is gonna be completely based on And your sensitivity Swift says if you'd like to adjust your sensitivity for this game mode you may right now So does this crouch you need more time this just your sensitivity you just want to stick with what you have that's fine Go ahead and adjust it Great all right, so does it look at me All right Here are the rules of this game only one person will die by the way In a few moments, I'm gonna ask you to turn 360 degrees If you stop turning at any time before you finish 360 You will die And who else will die The person who completes the circle first that's right So does the fastest person complete the 360 without stopping dies and if you stop slow yourself down intentionally you will also die Swift says go Attacker It seems you maxed out your sensitivity thinking that would help you Oh, yeah, yeah, you can do executions all right, I feel like one of you guys Slowed yourself No big vaccine all right great Now Swift says if you believe you can execute the juggernaut in monwar for three crouch No one does good So If you say this will be melee only So it says the person at the final kill on me With melee only wins this entire game But does that may change rules later on But for now, that's the rule, Swift says begin Oh Oh, they're out I'm in real bad here Hang on hang on hang on hang on hang on sort of stop let's see We literally have one play we do not break the rules and unfortunately it's Syrian All right All right remaster I will give you a chance to win this game even though you you mistakenly killed somebody We killed somebody you know you did kill somebody who made it break the broke the rules initially. So I'll give you one chance Remaster if you can guess Excuse me Syria are you defending him? No, it's I was accidental. That's actually against him He accidentally killed the guy because I was trying to kill Syrian I was here. What happened don't worry man. I got it All right, you know remaster here's other games in a workman Remaster currently I have cracked glass in my juggernaut Remaster if you can guess within three may lays The number of times Syrian will need to kill me you will automatically win the game Understand so for example, let's it takes six May lays to kill me and you guess Three or nine or anywhere in between you win the game Okay, so give us a number how many may lays will it take We're Syrian to kill me you can ask chat for help Uh Don't help him chat. I hit him. I hit him pretty good. I was gonna say four. I don't think it's one so I'll go four You're new with four Oh, okay, so that that means that means anywhere from one to seven hits If I die with one to seven hits you win the game Yeah, all right, so does this Syrian male a once Twice Three four Five I Blessing man You got you got it within one man No, no, I said I said the rules listen I was truly trying to set him up for failure over there. I really was Syrian You know it It worked out listen Was this fair? No And he got it got very close he got what you got five out of four So uh with that said yes remaster you are the one what why remaster hang on You master if you want If you want You feel that was dishonorable You can offer You can offer to do a challenge instead so there's something to win. It's up to you. It's up to you The way you look like you Hang on hang on hang on hey tortoises remaster you can take the win very easy right now. I was killing Syrian or You can do it. One view one challenge Kill him Oh Challenge All right stop Stop No remaster what remaster one is your choice listen man no one will judge you won the game you You follow my rules you got it right You won the game this is a bleed this is simply an option only if Only if you feel that you didn't earn it I think you did earn it. I think you did Syrian would take the w listen Syrian would take that w You did not do it Remastered look I laid on the challenge and he got it look I could have said like within one melee anyone to one anyway That is a beautiful thumbnail right there actually that is a beautiful thumbnail. Oh Right