 One is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says let's kick it off Swiftress says go into prone My prone button doesn't work. Oh, that's Another way to make you go into prone man you want to figure it out? Sir problem Swiftress says you need me. You're a pro you get you figured it out. You did it. There you go man Motivation it works wonders great. All right does your standing button work. Let's find out everyone stand up To I know So does if you stood up come on over How am I already feeling this? Did you stood up all right on this already? Great Now this is usually where I'm trying trick you guys were with a thing where I don't say Swiftress says But then I tell you guys kill each other that's not gonna happen today Just kidding's happening right now kill each other Pretty good Swiftress says what are your lethal I'm getting throwing knife throwing knife. What's yours? Throwing knife. What's yours? I was throwing knife you guys off throwing knives. Okay, Swiftress says take out your throwing knife in front of me Don't throw it though. So just show me a throwing knife Sir So does this show me your lethal Okay, that's good He's taking back out All right here we go guys Swiftress says you guys get the play of the rest of the game Until you mess up again or if you stop holding it if you swap weapons or something or if you drop sir If you put away It saves the disaster That's your challenge. It's like imagine like you're really like you know a banana in your hand in terror game That's your challenge. This is do not put away that throwing knife. Okay. That's it. So does it with you guys go back to the line You let go that throwing knife you're dead. Great. So it doesn't stand up Swiftress says jump once Sorry, I'm sorry Swiftress is getting on the fence behind you Get on the fence behind you don't die though. So does it take be careful it takes three seconds for the three second timer Don't go What the hell are you guys doing? Isn't make it's a make fence Let me check in our boys over here Somehow like floating minare looking good very proud of both of you Please stay make sure you stand on the fence look further notice all right Sir what's going on? Oh No problem great All right, so if you fall off the fence until this mini game is over Yeah, you'll be in trouble Swiftress says come on then That's jumping bro All right last person to stand us Yeah, well Swiftress says look at the person next to you Honey's hanging up. Hi, how are you? It says garage walk as close as you can to them without dying Do you like my sniper? That's beautiful I make your pink Great good job to someone who most fill Swiftress says last person stand plays a little game Oh, shit Swiftress has no snitching please It's what it says miss cat man told me What's your name is McCoolman McCoolman, huh? McCoolman we need a we need a McCoolman prayed mark life update of the dinner with the with the ladies parents go It went great. I helped them cook the food and stuff Do unwrap the Taco Bell with them. That's very nice of you all right It's a joke joke bro chill all right Great all right, so we're gonna play a little game here Okay, why are you guys looking at me This is both of you please join to me cool man over there You stop looking at your partner. I feel like you guys are right for each other This is you three stand next to each other over here all right, so just Says What the hell? So this is both these guys come on me a knife holder. So we go Okay, listen, let's go Watch this now. So does the rest of you guys can look over all right here's the game. Oh wow Oh, my god His guys are Three One left who is this grab low No, no, what I can't use in the game What I kill you because you put away a throwing knife Work today Why do you have your throwing life out then? I was in a story that was that was a that was a regular name. Oh I'm sorry, bro. So let's come back into the game my bad my bad I don't play much call do Wait a second, where's your partner? All right, where were we all right McCool man? Yes, I want to do a reenactment of that wonderful dinner you had Just says okay, says these three are your fellow actors I'll do whatever you do in terms of positioning. So it says have them arrange themselves, you know One is your girlfriend and the two of them are your your girlfriend's parents, but it says assign roles, please Okay You are gonna be the girlfriend's father in You're gonna be the girlfriend's mother and then you're gonna be the girlfriend's My our people arrange to the table. So does the range them please? Okay, so You would sit right next to me right here and then the other two would Actually the other two parents let us let us alone so you guys can just Go to the behind that bus I guess Supper says you two kill each other McCool man, so you were expendable sorry boys. Supper says go back to the line Damn arm toaster done, why he's that's crazy. It's not gonna feed my dog now All right, I've got two people left here all right. Yeah Yeah Yeah, you two kill each other to you Swiff says both of you sit on this bench together Great, so does this please make sure sitting on the on you know on the lower part of the bed. Yeah, there we go All right, you guys are both of the You So are you can just go back with the others please? Thank you We need to All right, turn up for your mode, bro All right, anyway, okay, so so listen We have very romantic time you guys enjoy each other's company, you know, it's a wonderful feeling But so it says the last person to stand on that fence dies go Well wait I will say this one more time says you two Any day now it dies Oh Yeah All right, man, swift recess, please follow me Good game. Hey game. Oh, man Swift recess please take a moment to admire the statue Nice statue I believe they call this man who cannot afford a shirt Don't let anybody please He's gonna follow me. I'll at least at you. Hey, man. That's not a whole fancy. I like the statue All right, so there's everyone one see person big getting my ring One see per person take a seat Move over gap I Can't lose anywhere I There's one right there five four three Two yeah, he's dead one. Oh, no, I just as freeze you You were too many chair before why would you get all to just as you follow me please? This is wait right here Let's see a seat available right there, bro Just get on that seat available That's where I said it we he was right there. See right there go take it yours Bro, what are you doing I didn't say it's what it says If it was you you would have been okay the fact he didn't call for that means you get a genuine chance to survive So it says you three your job is the block him from getting on on any chair So does you three again to position how we want to do it? It was All right, you can get on one of those chairs you get to live switches us begin Actually, you might not be Success good job. Oh My god, I went to prom a little surprise there all right great now it's time for the deadly part of the game Oh, no, I'm trying to get out of like this out of that Jeez there we go. What a view of all right, I can see everybody now perfect Swifter says look at someone that's sitting near you on the chair Good now kill them Don't do it. I won't pull it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it You It says jump once Swifter says jump twice It's melee Why would you shoot You shot What are you now you've shot him I know you need a chair. Yeah, so does this fill up please come to the center over here All right, are you familiar with the term fish food? So does every Who does aim at the top of the set? So does this crap Oh, let's get to the center, but I'll switch there on swith there come on bro. Let's try to get to everyone else crouch This is a minute said now fire Didn't say stupid says This is a mid snapper, so it says unload Swifter says that he said all they all stop with me. He's dead All right, swifter says look at me Behind me there was a circular planter thing. They won't fit many of you guys the whoever's on there will be spare for the next mini game Swifter says go which one is right directly up behind me. He'll be obvious I'm starting to get up there get creative jump on whatever you idea I can't Yes, I got one oh I got on I can't get on anything great I'm surprised to go on one swifter says freeze nose Wow a lot of you a lot more of you guys made up of that I thought which is if you didn't make it on please stand on top of this red car Thanks, I'll keep holding on to this this this the snapp entire time. Are you telling holding on to it? Hey, so a little bit of I'll keep holding on to it because I don't want I want to live But I can't like runner like no one anything I'm well aware of your restrictions Don't you worry about that will not be held against you while you fall in that rule all right But that said swifter says all four of you guys aim at the car I don't have a clear shot on me Just maybe we'll close by I can't blow it up never mind You know I'm three kills away from a centric on so let's kill three of you guys. Let's do that one All right great Swifter says the following rules are just for you for our top of the red car So does he can look at me there you go? Swifter says simply do what I do I can't really see I can't see a single thing bro you don't know the car don't worry Yeah, you don't have to say Oh, I see what you're Good job stop You're Little excited there with that jump hey try to slow down Back up off the car you told me stay on the car I totally copied my instructions sir Oh get away from me get away from me. Oh, it's worth a dog get away from me All right Clan thoughthree Yeah What the hell he guys Me I will say they're doing a very good job. I'm surprised I do it. Swiftress has stopped good job A three of you still need to die last three people crouch die Oh, one more did not say Swiftress says All right, great I still need to kill one more player All right last person jumped us It says jumping you die It says jump last you die He's doing well not for me Swiftress says everyone please follow me So it says witness this glass over here is beautiful glass So this is not break the glass. Oh nice glass nice glass So this is carefully follow me. Why is glass of fragile in this game? I'm like real like because it's not a warfare You should have bullet glass you won't break when you mean Swiftress says please stand on the glass Oh, no I'm not doing any of the under stuff this time I played that out Oh, wait, he hasn't oh no, he has a turrets. I don't remember that Swiftress says no Honey, yes, what does jump up and down nonstop? He'll be help to just swap pieces of glass that you're on while still bloody hopping What am I way? I'm trying to move So if you says stop Or eight Yeah, eight chairs up here get on one of the chairs go All right, Swiftress says this is table A This is table B The viewers are gonna vote for which table is in trouble So it says get on one of other table go I think that bees in trouble Oh, yep, yep, you guys are ready to vote not yet I know I know I know I know you guys like the vote we're gonna do it very shortly All right, so it just says if you're not able to get on top of the table simply stand next to it So it says you cannot freeze no more moving So it says if anyone freezes you can wrap them out All right, there we go Twitch chat tick-tock chats type A or B in chat you can vote for whichever Table you believe should get bad service from me Echo I got them seem a lot of bees out like this No, no, no, no Come on, give me eight You can say eight is us Don't vote beef of blue bunny chat Oh, wow, is that perfectly 50% No way No, there's no way Wow, we're just we're just gonna do it again. No, we do Previous what does this please vote again chat. Thank you for your cooperation. Please please reveal one more time You You're gonna vote for it again I'll put a 15-second timer on this one. Hopefully we don't have another tie Please you can't change your vote please don't no No Don't vote be no Yeah Come on Says go on table a Please make your way to table C Yep, go ahead. Yeah, you guys table wait. Why? Abling oh please it's not safe on this side. This is a smoking area. This is a no smoking part of the restaurant this part is smoking All right, here's your challenge everybody It's what does it remain perfectly still what I'm about to do is what approximately mine under your table Oh I like those things oh No, those things are cool actually. So does you guys go inside here it can go pretty far No That's my witness beginning. I'm dead No listen very carefully Swift as the next my fire my gun you'll be allowed to jump into that hole for safety You jump fast enough you should be safe from the proximity mine Those of you will die though Because this is very carefully Oh my I Acrobs And it exploded All right, Swift or says please follow me It says please line up shoulder to shoulder on the north side of the map Kids man don't worry. I know what I don't know what I'm listening to I can say it's okay. I know how it is. It's fine. All right This everybody Great Here are the rules guys just as simple you cannot go up any stairs So just as you also cannot do any climbing that's it But send over a friend I think they're very rude I'd keep your distance with them. Oh Oh Oh Way from the Wilson hey Because we open the stairs. I'll shoot you His friends Wilson Oh You know Wilson has learned how to score this guy's got this Oh He said he said we got this he died All right, I'm at 20% That'd be fun It's a finish line Mr Wilson please Oh All right almost done Yes, good job. Swift is a lot of shoulder to shoulder you guys survived Laura deserves better than this Oh So just a wrap nope, so just a surround this please don't get on top. Oh, yeah, let's see if I can do this properly Oh Oh, I don't like this. Oh, I'm doing it. Oh, dear god. Oh, you guys do is not done I think it's I don't even think it'll impact you guys too fine. I can't man. I'm up there Do your best I Good news guys. I've got a bomb drone. Oh, yeah Why would you say oh, yeah, it's just says please follow me. I know the perfect place to use this You Great Swift says you can stay anywhere you want inside this this check an area Oh, so just you cannot exit through any doors otherwise go wherever you want The only rule is don't get murdered by the bomb drone This is my badlicks. He's got such a big blast radius Very sick there I'm getting on He's gone to safety No, you better run Is this where you check it guys guys a room available for for bomb drones? No, we don't A lot of trick when the time expires when like I close up You guys better run Where is he? What god is it? It's about to be two one. What are you doing? Oh You All right All the guys the check in the time for all you congrats. I couldn't make someone else's fucking way. Yeah