 What's up everyone welcome to switch or says alright everyone last person of vandai's go What is this freeze Sorry Swift or says everyone fell for that lamp shoulder to shoulder over here You might be wondering how we make how did so many people fall for that get up get up there you too Yeah Great so a little story if you guys watching the video or just joining in live, you know We were playing a match and that was my first command that's how I did say Swift or says and then we had to restart because Of an accident, but you know we restarted and so I've agree what if I said the same thing again But with us what does what says when I catch anybody? The answer is yes, let's get some names name Hmm You can too long Guys, can you guys come here and go in? Too long too long all right so here's the deal You guys gonna play a mini game amongst yourselves Here's what the game is called I shouldn't kill this many people so early Haven't second thoughts. I'm having second thoughts. All right. You know what I'm on And Jake was made list let's be a lesson to all of you guys all of you please return back to line Where does this freeze Oh my god So it says all of you guys go back into the line Yeah So lucky if it was me out of killed all of y'all Swift or says gonna top of the white van plenty of room for all of you guys now No, y'all did not push me down there. There's a room enough everybody. I fail. I'm not gonna make it You got you got Yeah, there's funny room just get up there. Oh my gun just in case Don't move just get up there. It's not moving It's plenty on the west side great job No everybody up here. Oh shit. Oh, I'm getting Looking good. I'm not snitching. I'm gonna kill people All right, three seconds. I get up there three two seven one You cut out and I just stopped talking That sounds fair. I who's this We'll hang again again wait No No why I feel like I'm just like it's roundhog day over here all right All right, who tanks what does this please follow me We'll take a man ain't nothing to fuck with All right, so this is Wu Tang. I'd like to simply stand on this fence without dying All right, we're gonna play a game Or they're gonna try and push you off they push you off you die You you're allowed to kind of move anywhere you want along the fence as long as you don't fall off All right, so it says everyone here try and push him off good luck Oh, I'm getting on the fence. I guess that's legal I like to take land. I don't want to mess with my You guys are monsters why'd you try to order to kill him Well, yeah, but I mean, you know, that's us me that's like you Rose that was that was rude. That was rude man. That was rude. Yeah, you should get all the Swiftress says follow me now we have to do a dangerous minigame To if trusses are worn inside the bus There are no seats fine one All right, so it says aim your gun straight up I Swifter says ice x please x the vehicle. Let's have a little talk man Stephen the other is dead you stabbed them where you're checking his bus ticket or something what's going on You That was a complete accident. Oh, where's stevenator. What's the verdict? Hmm, let's see the right there. Okay, uh, so he tried to aim down site. He takes too took too long. All right, you're both dead guys I don't have all day here. Come on. This guy's right in like a 15 page essay and what happened all right So it says everyone aims straight up I hate it here Swiftress says fire one shot Fire two shots Well, well, well, I didn't see what that was that was a mistake misplanned my side. I was on top No, no need to no need to no need to give him out Swiftress says fire two shots So far three shots Fire four shots I think the guy was just finishing his three shots All right All right, cool Um, Swiftress says last player on top of the bus dies go Oh shit, you can't go that way Yes We're gonna end it in sand man Oh Welcome That's what it says Laura crop. Please hop back down Name please Andy, I'm sorry Andy after this to you Andy Andy here is your challenge Swiftress does Andy please join me on the bus All you have to do is Is get off the bus without dying every other player can shoot at you you gotta figure it out. So does explore your options All you gotta do is figure out how to get from this bus to anywhere that's safe If you can do that you'll live. I have no idea if it's possible Here's just as Andy can begin whenever he wants because his player is on top you can only carefully fire I Should not You did say this is Andy you could start whatever He says you guys were only a lot to jump down and use melee. So does the dancer come on down Oh You're very eager there dancer Ah Sometimes you want to hear what I have to say first right All right, babies Danster you're gonna have a similar challenge Swiftress says everyone else get off the bus and surround the bus That will not mine Just says make sure at least five feet away from the bus wall crouched Oh, I remember this You remember this I don't I don't know what I'm doing. What do you remember? I remember we did a crab like game on um, I'll be on just a couple days ago Okay, oh, I'm serious saying when my people chase you down. Yes, that's right. Yes Okay, cool So yeah, the answer your challenge. Yeah, let's go with that man. All you gotta do is get back on top and get on top of the bus without dying And you live but not yet everyone who's crocs, which says you guys are only a lot to melee So after said and you guys can move around obviously this which says Danster everyone begin I know I'm going I am Does I do not need to die He did it. All right. Good job. Yeah. That's fine. He's about All right, Swiftress says they're gonna follow me One the challenge Nice nice it's a challenge because it should be it should be doable right usually Swiftress says surround this middle island over here in the kitchen What we cooking today What's on the menu boy? Kind of All right, Swiftress says if you have a proximity mine carefully toss it on top of the island so it says no one move Yeah, carefully toss it on there Oh one foul kind us. What does says do not That is unfortunate How did that happen? What does this look straight down if that is your proximity mine pick it up I think it came from the other side of the bar really how did go to the other side of that angle last range Well unfortunately guys, I'm no longer hanging out in this room What Oh All right, hang on I would like I would like if you know a certainty who was responsible for moving I'd like to know who it was Hey guy in this new dog skin laid down in prone when you lay down in prone He pushed me forward and when I pushed forward I triggered the mine that was right in front of me Snoop You what's your name I'm gonna go piss your name please Any reason why you wanted to prompt pretty much early All right, it's time for part two if you were dead you can come back into the game here we go Everyone who's standing in the lobby Now the second chance Here is our first practice round for our renewal a revival We're back from the ashes when I pass under you You will drop down putters says go Good job last person back up on the fence dies Who does this freeze Oh So it says both of you guys come on up You might survive this you might survive this yep yep savage oh wait who are you Me Did you screw up I guess So just get your back up over there bro one more savage your off the hook I got this guy So just says come on up oh no no you you've been you've been saved by Laura Krofft others Laura come on over Okay, all right, so it says you too little time a little shot here Please stand up switches please stand up there we go all right look Sometimes I should if you're new and you're a little bit nervous. It's gonna be you'd be eager to kind of do a task for example switchers That's kill each other What was that Who fired the gun down here So good yeah, I can tell let me let me explain our the the weaponry over here Yeah, I'm not very good this kind of stuff People later was it you know right Oh came from this direction. Yeah, there's from not that actually yeah Someone a KV broadside Yeah, it was a KV dry man was it you? Hmm, I might have accidentally swivel my chair I So he's a same man, please join me up over here So this is both of you guys and unfortunately up to earn you off the You left the actually no and you survived so just ending head on down you know you survived your mini game right I really gotta lock in Don't worry, man, so just the same man please join me up here. Okay, I'm all right look Here's the challenge so does everyone aim their guns straight up Samman's job is to jump on the jump on those boxes over there You're only allowed to shoot at him while he's mid air you shoot him when he's on the boxes or while he's on the roof You will die. I will be the judge That will be somewhere Where ever was pretty unsafe fortunately I'll be down here. Oh, you know, I'll be I'll be over here All right, which is as Samman go Oh Now I didn't say if you guys down here shoot you're lucky he didn't die You can bleed your challenge who just says everyone follow me All right, that was our second intro third intro technically now it's time for the game to get extremely dangerous Which is says everyone get on one of these two cars over here Uh, I got it. Can you please rejoin bear you you didn't say swifter says They did If you don't want to do you don't have to I picked the wrong car All right Like this car is fine He like it don't very well No All right, this is gonna be a reaction time game Oh put on a prox him in your mind and you guys have to go into prone on the floor as soon as you can if you don't You will die Oh shit I don't want to go to the folks in the back of the car right what actually all of you guys in this car would just die That's a bad minigame. That's a bad minigame. Not very well thought out. It's one of those minigames where I haven't learned my own lesson all right different minigame I got it. The doctor says everyone up here Better minigame coming in oh my god can y'all move The fuck off the leg Watch your language. It's a family channel asshole Because we get banned off Okay, all right Oh because your because your characters probably still like Showing the game yeah hang on For me should try try to get now should work. I see your character got now All right, all right. Anyway, here's the minigame All you guys got to do is without touching the payment over here is jump on one of these two cars Obviously one is easier than the other so We try and jump on the easy one So what was this sir sir You also failed So Let's go the rules once again. I want to explain the risks and rewards It's hard to get on this one, but I bet less people go for this car Push me off. Are you pointed at me? Yeah, oh you are moving the leg You just go move from the ledge I wasn't even touching my controls you piece of All right and forks if funky did pull off so you have to be in danger But you can challenge the person that that did it to you to one v1 combat So it says please please have them come down here, please I don't know they didn't move. I don't see what they yet you so you can go up there and point them out If you're if you're sure you know who they are you can bring them down Where is his I think I think I think it's You know Okay, that's let's let's let's let's let's let's just go back. Let's continue the game. That's why. So just let's we get let's continue all right So one more time when I give you the word was not yet You just have to jump on one of these cars Without touching the floor if you touch the floor going to porn immediately you'll be in an even more dangerous mini game Oh, no, it's what door says go Oh Shit All right, you wanted to be a show about it got we deserved all right So it says you three players backs this gate over here, but it actually fall yeah, you bounce off the car man You belly flops on Oh, this way no hang on hang on switch says what's your name Dude you live in the dream right now you are in a Laura Croft sandwich Well, now we give to be in your shoes right now just kidding you're probably gonna die all right Stop pushing dude Shush relax, huh? Okay You don't die immediately. It's a mini game Because you're not like little but you're Tim the tatman laser in my i-man. Thank you all right We'll be able to be over here. Okay So I don't want to make this too complicated Okay, we got it It's two be one to what the says both Laura is over here To what the says you over here Just let's take it your secondary All right, but it says both you guys It would be unfair for you guys to use your weapons. You know what Laura crop is is legendary for her resourcefulness You guys are only allowed to melee What the hell you doing with your guns man are you okay? All right no service me allowed Laura All right All right you on the other hand you are allowed To use your pistol and not immediately so you're the rules You two can start by by facing your opponent You can start by I'll give you two options one you can use your pistol if you start by facing this wall Alternatively, I can let you start by using melee. Oh you get to see them. What's your choice? Wall with the weapon or facing them with melee immediately What do you think? Okay, please face the wall. So what does this please face the wall? All right, you guys will begin When I you know say go but you two can can run up immediately They'll have a pistol All right, after says go Why were you crouched? What was that? I said this way then then It's situation And it's like uh you're like a mad or a man like a little bullfight like Toro and then Anyways, so please guys have a vehicle Okay, yeah, that was that did not go the way I expected it to great sort of says thank aim your guns at the other team Oh Oh, there it is I said this would be a dangerous mini game kill them Wow, was anyone expecting no one to fire not me? I'm just going to All right, if your gun has pink on it fire Oh Who's this? It's share bear. Sorry, bear. Come with me. Oh, prom. Come on over. So it says this is now your team Okay, light the class I'm sorry. I'm always late All right Come on, yeah, it's gonna be a deli mini game. So it says everyone go into prom between the two cars You Just says your spot is legal as long as you are between the two cars guys out over here get between them Ah, this mini game will involve many players dying well Oh, no, that was a nice plan with y'all get in there. You can't be on the edge of savage. No, bro Get in you guys get in there get in there. All right here are The rules I'm gonna toss down a proxie me mine after I tell you guys the freeze and only if the deal is is get the safety In fact the smart thing might be just to like stay in prone the entire time maybe you guys will survive I'll be throwing my proxie me mine based on where I think the players Not pushing the spirit of the game off for example folks were not between the cars over here. We're gonna use snoop Okay, I'll get in there great Swiftress says freeze. Well, it's toss it down Now is it against the rules to run? Absolutely not Hey, we flamme along. There you go. I didn't I didn't say Oh To be the asshole to move Maybe I should stop using proximity mines with everyone around them You happen to get everybody died What I knew the car would blow up, but you know if they If they move closer to this car, I think they would have been saved. Yeah, no, I thought I was safe I Got to run away All right, we are doing one final extremely quick But now you around for Swiftress says One final mini game this video is not over yet This is not the ending I want Get ready Okay, no more restarts. This is it we're getting it we're getting a good finale right now Swiftor says everyone follow me Let's do this we're doing this inside All right, everybody be prepared for a mass casualty drill Yes, this is gonna be a dangerous mini game. Maybe the most dangerous mini game Swiftress says no one is allowed to leave this building This is it Oh my god. So it says everyone get on Floor level. They'll be on tell boxes For just as get down bros Yep What just says you must be crouch for this entire mini game Oh, shes Swiftress says spread out you can be anywhere in this building you'd want as long as you don't leave and as long as you don't get out of As long as you remain crouch bro bro hello But this is what's your name Remember the part about being crouched Remember about being crouched Just as please take crouched Okay, you know penguins are endangered Yeah All right Look The only person standing is me This is so I can walk around and see what's going on So with this the way this game will work is that You basically get to stab anyone you want that's not me Get out of here. You come on You don't have to kill anybody in fact to win the game you just have to kill one person theoretically Oh wait dude wait let's see what you're doing. I like that So When I say the name Of a planet in our solar system an easy one Bro, friend get out of here It's frifuses if you want to walk up to somebody and you know get ready to take him out you can there's no room against that You stay in the corner I did that to myself I did this so I could watch hang out This is like it's like All right great switch just does no more talking until No, so it says when you hear the name of a planet you can start male-ing people For example Andromeda That's actually a plan it's not a plan It's a solar system Oh, yeah, it's not in our solar system. Yeah, oh yeah, the Milky Way Oh Okay, it's not a planet. It's also a candy bar No, there actually is a star oh never mind. I'm sorry. Go ahead. Oh a star is not the Milky Way stars not planet All right anyway, anyway Two sort of says two go stand up So it says if you see two go shoot him I don't know. Hey standing up kill him. Thank you. All right anyway You're welcome like I was saying the moon is not a planet Laura what are you doing there bro? Why are you actually closer to me, bro? Keep it up. I'm gonna try again. It's a little distancing. Oh for fun. He's in the corner. I'm a chis-chis-chis-chis Yeah, I'll pay attention. Yeah, I uh What the what is that soul Your mama Uranus Oh You guys being really cautious here. This is how you get the winner of the game. I'm moving. I'm moving. This mini game is not ending My kill each other you're boring you're boring. You're not good for cut. Yeah Oh I am not gonna lie I stood up. That's why I just that's why I let somebody kill yeah Are you under arrest for standing up stop standing up. How are you standing up? Why are you can't three left? Oh my brother. What do you do something? Where are they? They're counting because they're cool. They're wussies. No, I win. We got actually Please running away running away. They've been Jay Jay's Never never worry What is that all I got to say please take them out please take out the standing guy for the love of God just kill This isn't supposed to go this wasn't supposed to go on for 10 minutes. This wasn't supposed to go on for 10 minutes Hey, this man about to get assassinated that's gonna be hilarious Finally Swiftress says use your guns go Sir up congratulations What's true guilty of standing up at any point I don't know All right congratulations, dude. What's your shoutout man?