 Welcome to Swiftor says just do what I say when I say Swiftor says Swiftor says look straight up Swiftor says look straight down Look all around Going for that Swiftor says join me right over here just come inside. Swiftor says follow me. Follow me guys Swiftor says back to a wall any wall in that inside here Matt Let's do put a wall All right, man keep in a mind all right Swiftor says look at the wall across from you Swiftor says when I fire my gun you'll switch walls Wow, a lot of delays there you guys wait in too long there why SG how come you waited so long to do it? Well, I thought I heard Swiftor says but I wanted to I wasn't 100% sure so I want to wait for everybody else first All right, let's see if you can hear whether I say Swiftor says everyone aim your guns at SG You hear that Yeah, I heard that one okay good just making sure all right, so it says you can go back to your wall Great Swiftor says let's try this again. So this is when I fire my gun little swap walls Swiftor says every time you hear me fire my gun you'll swap walls a little further notice Good job All right Swiftor says last person to swap walls this time we'll die Well, that was incredibly late what happened there Um Mean good talk so does violet come on out no where I'm not gonna kill you immediately Again small lobbies means I need to milk every single player for content you're gonna be milk for content In a very platonic way Swiftor says All right, everyone back to a wall So just make sure when you're facing the wall opposite of you there is no one there So it says there's someone across me on a different spot All right, so it says everyone inside this uh aircraft is fire one bullet But no one died great So it says violet well you'll have to do This will be run through here without getting killed because everyone in here you'll be able to fire one shot at the spot You just aimed at okay guys Swiftor says if you kill someone else by accident you also die All right, so just violet please wait. I'm gonna watch this happen. I believe in you All right, Swiftor says everyone. Swiftor says everyone you're allowed to fire one shot Whenever you'd like Swiftor says violet Get to me through this aircraft good luck Nightwalker bro. Oh my god dude Why me out of every one man That was my name is not all right bandit your kill is legit That Walker your kill was less shit. All right, don't worry. Who does that Walker you'll do the same challenge Please stand right over here. Who does this go right now yet. Don't go yet. Let's go help Yep Look that was confusing though I agree. I mean you still died though. Um all right Y'all forgetting Remember when I fire my gun pine apple you have to switch walls I did switch walls okay. Oh no You Good job Swiftor says you no longer need to swap walls when you're in me fire my gun Swiftor says follow me All right, we lost a few too many lives too early there, but we'll make up for that Swiftor says please wait down here Swiftor says oh army Swiftor says make two small boxes Never played as a matter just make a box two boxes Yeah Guys you have a magnet is so much harder than this Four people on each corner that's all you need people on each corner. Yeah Come on Okay, start war. Hey, go pick it. No, we got one book on one book on one move. All right. Just you guys now You know just just going yeah, go into the box. I'll get as long as you're in the border. That's great. All right So just a look around you you guys realize there's two boxes There is not two boxes there are there are at least for my perspective there are Close enough I'll help you guys you know what just so there's not on any unnecessary murder because there will be murder All right, let's see orange bandit cookie Jess racer pineapple sniper fence you guys are part of box number one. Let's say you guys every over here is the center of your box over here Emmy SG dark lord that's house also cookie also orange bandit Of you guys a part of box you so cookie and you guys are part of the box it's for better or worse We're gonna find out whether it's better or worse. It's probably worse. Probably less. Go down it I'm gonna jump into one of your boxes If I jump into your box one other player has to die that player cannot be me Good luck which box will I jump into which box will I jump into I Choose I choose I choose this box Swiftress says I never said Swiftress says All right Press and piece cookie and bandit they were the now we have one big box It's cool Swiftress says make a circle This time when I jump down only one person should die again It should not be me it will not be me Only when I jump inside the circle Swiftress says the game has begun all those rules applies Because when I jump inside the circle only one person must die more than one person dies that will be Bad things happening You Good job Thank you there we go Matt was paying attention to jump into the circle not styles of all people All right, it's okay snapper roll will make Swiftress says the first person to make up uh snapper snapper rifle gets a little reward I Will be you pineapple alright Swiftress pineapple please come with me All right, so it says everyone else please start under this granting over here All right, here's your reward you're gonna get this like one person Let me give these guys a chance to live Third says one two three four five What does this Swiftress says do any of you guys have a smoke grenade Yes, Heidi good almost want you to kill Matt All right, so guys your job will be to simply get out get through this door Alive pineapple only get to kill one person that smoke grenade will be legal So Swiftress says pineapple you're allowed to start flowering unfokes the moment they pass uh that body over to the furthest body do you see it? Yeah great all right If you want to run late so that after the first body is dead, you know you can get safe If you want to run first get take advantage of the smoke whenever sg throws it if he throws it Swiftress says begin That's much really far away good luck The one said yeah So it says stop Emmy is dead. Oh in the smoke too. All right Sorry, Emmy. Swiftress says good job pineapple. Swiftress says everyone please follow me All right, we're down to what five players The delicious So it says we've done enough mini games on this thing over here. I like this backdrop Swiftress says please lap shoulder shoulder So Alexis says darkboard will win this match First is on darkboard Yeah Greatest reminder for those of you in twitch chive you type exclamation mark auto Our system will automatically try and get you a sub as you continue to watch my streams Uh There we go. If you want to learn how to use it in detail like you know power mode you can you can ask around but that's the sweet Do it. Great. Swiftress says look at me. My self-promotion is done If this has listened closely Swiftress says when I say the name of a chemical bound in Actually, I have no idea what the answer is never mind. That's a dumb one. That's a dumb one Last person crouch guys Oh my god That was in a hour to four listen listen. It's called the curse when you talk about somebody they die All right, so let's see pineapple gs racer sg met style so do you think he's gonna survive next guys? We think he's gonna win Let's do a little poll I believe met style here. You know what I like I like using the polls I hope match styles wins I really hope match styles win all those points of met styles wins Matt's winning All right guys, please vote This vote works on both youtube twitch and if we if we were alive on tiktok would work there too I'm cruelly banned off tiktok for a little while longer because I did scratch offs there I'm sorry China. I will not do that again All right, would that set it in type who do you think will win? Matt pine sgjs No one's saying gs People are men. No, there you are. Let's keep it that way come on All right 15 more seconds Everyone's votes count if you look very careful. You'll see your name pop up Oh wow You're going to be able to see themselves or vote for someone else. There you go. That's fun. That's perfectly legal All right, Matt look that that poll was absolutely pointless man It's simply to see where the faith of our viewership was and and that faith is a new map Swiftress says everyone please look at the flames On this tank over here. Swiftress is go get a close-up look It won't hurt you Swiftress says when I name something people typically roast Over a fire Crouch Tacos Doritos Jello Rest crispy treats You come first Pickles Corn It's more Well, that was very close. That was very close You guys don't roast corn over fires really? That's a car for us. Yeah, I was thinking I was thinking corn should have been Correcting. All right. Sorry anyway, SG and Matt you two crouch last the same exact time Sort of says pineapple and js racer move away Yep, so does Swiftress is pineapple js and over there please These guys get a little rematch So this is both of you guys look at the fire once again So does a stand-up the game continues. Swiftress says once I name something that people typically roast Over fire. Oh obviously anything to be roasted over fire could roast like I don't know What's something weird? Let us over fire although I did once have a A burnt lettuce salad. It was actually not bad Anyway, Swiftress says when I name something that is typically roasted over an open flame Frouch last person switches to the last person the crouch Will die which is as the person the crouch incorrectly will also die So Chocolate Oh Matt Pro Matt So it just says as jeep please go back to the grip over there. I would have a talk with Matt Swiftress is Matt come with me man. Okay. Swiftress is Matt come with me man You Look man To my knowledge People don't like take Hershey bars and roast them by themselves over the fire typically doesn't end up too well Smores when it's a combination of ingredients it is a chocolate I feel like it's a tough one man. So Matt what we're gonna do here dude We're just gonna do a vote. So if you please justify Let's hear your case for roasting chocolate over an open flame Oh Like you mentioned Hershey bars. I when you mentioned chocolate. That's what I initially thought I know that I remembered one time in my life we were having a campfire at like the polka nose and we were roasting chocolate we were doing um Smores but we were also um, you know Worse thing um chocolate as well How did that work? I Describe the process of roasting just chocolate over fire Um, just recall your memories man you and your friends are around My family it We found me around did you did you just take like a bar chocolate and put a stick through it? Now we put it on top like the heater and like amounted all over the Smores and we ate it that way okay, so it's part of a smore All right, you know what men i think it's debatable and that's why we're gonna have the audience vote for the that you should this that's a passer fail All right guys is roasting chocolate Single ingredient of the assuming we single ingredient is a passer fail If it's if it's a fail he dies if it's a pass he gets to go back I did say smores chocolate is technically parvis more but you know Yeah, you don't roast chocolate. I don't think you'd I personally do not think you do You just spam me mouth, but you know maybe people feel it's okay. Look there's a lot of people who believe he's okay All right, we're gonna put another 15 seconds on this You don't roast the chocolate just the marshmallow actually that was completely correct Why did I forget some more than made I don't think you have to take entire sport over the fire I think it's roast the marshmallow and put the hot marshmallow on the piece of chocolate with a graham cracker A chocolate ever actually touches the fire Yeah, oh yeah, I don't know why that bet anyway If you two percent said pass which is as Matt please return to the group Wow, thank you, Chuck All right, so it says you four please follow me Not here All right, this is get swifters as back this wall You Great Swift says we're gonna turn or of you into two of you So it says choose one partner look them in the eye you can switch stuff necessarily the person next to you, but There we go All right, so you have JS racer looking at pineapple if SG looking at Matt So it says I usually have you guys do the mini game where you do like rhymes or whatever this time I'll be doing the rhyming So it says when I mess up the rhyme kill your partner All right, so it says let's take a player that's that to give me a word to start with So it says night walker are you there? Nope Swift says Let's see your snapper fence you there Y'all go with There we go, so there's a sniper give me any word mini word Tumble tumble okay guys I'll be start with the word tumble So it says I'm gonna try and rhyme tumble as many words as I can When I mess up either intentionally or unintentionally kill your partner tumble rumble tumble Jumble tumble tumble tumble tumble tumble tumble tumble tumble Acrystnatural Oh sir Oh, I will sir shot in the back Starting him and pen that to happen. Yeah Came to all the blazers. It was only towards him. Oh, yeah, I guess it was only towards him I think so Yes, racer is the winner Yes Well there were other weather words that I missed there guys you guys that stumble in chat what else one of the words tumble crumble Grumble is one yes That was so inflated on that Oh, he said like two words I don't think that should have been out to kill somebody humble mumble is good There we go. I'm sure I get a lot more of the comments. All right great game guys GG, but match. Oh, what's your what's your shout out? J.S. racer Uh shout out to you split and it's awesome here and you've created it's it's it's all this Thank you very much man. Also having you and all everyone else in the lot in the community. Thank you guys GG. Let's hope we get 32 player lobbies back Eventually