 Yo, what's up everyone welcome to Swift or says we're on high rise. What does that everyone take out your grenade launcher? Swift just says aim straight up Fire once I didn't say Swift to says run don't die Great Oh, oh, all right. So I just have to kill the guy with farther gun hang on Hey I think it was boss man whoa Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa Are you snitches already mad? No, it's just good Swift says aim at the the gas tank in front of you What you see they see the gas tank the giant one man in front of you Skimpa says if you have a clear shot, Swift is fired once now with your grenade launcher I'm gonna not have a clear shot Hey worked out all right great All right, how many shots you guys have left plenty plenty everyone's got max ammo No worries no worries, okay great good kids Swift just says turn around and behind you guys Can we climb this thing we can a little bit all right hang on so there's not many spots to be on top of here But you know what if you want to be safe in the next mini game just get on top of the chopper go And fall for that mm-hmm all right anyway that you can go ahead Seasoned lobby Swift says if you're if it's your very first time playing a Swift says come on down Yay, all right Two books all right Now there's a special prize for you're lying to me. Well here we go Got him welcome, man Hello Tight lips Johnny welcome yep all in angel of getting background audio Slim is this your first time playing a switch or says game for real? Yeah, wow I was gonna shoot you but you're right have you just played Fortnite together with me? Is that it? Yep, Fortnite and jackbox wow holy moly welcome to the game finally and cold blooded you two Yep, you guys a warm swifter says welcome you fork you each other How was no one ball for this stuff no prop way to go guys just as go back to line glad you didn't murder all of us all right great That is a hard or lobby all right great we're gonna do a little race By the way everyone here has 20 health. I have no idea what what distance you can fall from without dying Probably not very high so you a highly recommend being incredibly careful you cannot rejoin the game if you die All right first me to this myself here I'm gonna die or die. Oh, no, this is okay great. I'm in danger. Oh, no real simple guys Swift says last person on here with me dies gal But what's it? Oh, I just glitch Careful all right no one died yet from fall damage. That's good way to go Okay One last you're fun. Why are you guys in such a rush to die relax? It's only the last person to die They're example the guy with the purple grenade launcher you better figure out a guy head All right, so it says I need to snitch me watch it comes gets unlast I can't see easily Oh Is a big steam basket He said night JT doge that's it Did you guys leave the game? Oh, I just did it in the game. Let's work me on the list Oh, wow, you can go over here. I forgot about that. Which is boss man drop down please. I need to do a little test Oh, wow, all right there you go Swift says drum me on one of these two Supports over here I'm chilling I'm chilling I'm chilling I'm chilling Shipley I can breathe Once you're on your crap so I can see what's going on. It's better. Thank you. Oh I'm There's a bit of nervous Oh The line leader bandit everyone's all more bandit All right You know hang on for to figure out what the plan is here. I'll go first So it says you guys so it says wait I need to make sure if I die you guys dumb I don't know yet, man. I look I haven't figured this out yet Well, this is pretty good. Oh, that's not too bad. All right, listen You guys are fine. All right, Swift says you probably can't see me, but I'm all the way at the end I was able to get here safely if I can do it you can definitely do it. Mm-hmm. Swift says Get to me without dying That gets slow I have chat So just once you pass me go inside behind me get behind me get behind me Not a race you could be last you'll be fine. I didn't even go the guy with you last last time. I have no idea who it is You're fine. You can drop down throttle I I don't want to see your idea. This is all practiced by the way. We haven't even done the mini game yet. Are you serious? I'm not gonna attack him. This is it. You don't have to take your time if this was the challenge. Pushed me off. I got pushed off. Are you dead? Oh my god. You're fine. Great. Alright now we're just gonna go backwards. Oh come on. Actually can I hang on? I don't know if I can get up there. Yeah, no, no. Oh my god. This one will actually be a race. Ladies and gentlemen hang on. Oh my god. Oh my god. When to roost. I saw it. That's crazy. I'm afraid of heights in real life by the way. I don't like this at all. Is it everyone? No, I don't know. I don't know. I got pushed off. I got pushed off. I got pushed off. You started the mini game. Why are you still over there then? Why did you just go back up? How did you get up over there? Look Angie. Angie here is your punishment. When I say go, you'll have to survive one grenade from everybody here. One grenade, launch grenade. Okay. Alright look, you'll be fine. I'm not gonna fire. Why don't you try that platform? Please be careful. Here God. If you're in the front crowd. Alright, hang on. You're moving too fast. So it says go. Oh god. I got the camera. How did you shoot at the wrong person? That's a very easy move. It's a matter of mid-track. Oh, I'm so excited. I was just so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I was just so excited. I thought you were looking at the guy on the top of the crane. That's where I'm going. You're the guy on the top. You know what? You're now the guy on the top of the crane. Okay. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. That was me. That was me. That was me. the game only you just as Ozai get on top what about the other good other guy oh yeah it's a dick even now is out there oh it would be a nasty Nicky join your join Joino's eye over there that's a good idea snitches get stitches y'all know it's not a snitch it's more like a gentle reminder like a war breeze of Ah ah Dad, that was on the edge he'll be why are you turning yourself in are you I'm doing Where's your Mickey fill That man. No, wait. Okay. That's all right. That's all right. That's all right. I rejoined it. Didn't let me pick my launcher class That's that's okay. That's all right. Don't worry about it. Launcher is not required. All right. Swimper says everyone else Let's let's let's rise again This time Am at Ozai. He's the person on top of the the crane the very top Ozai any last words You will do your very best to safely do so So it says oh, I can't find the guy that guy sure don't shoot then just don't shoot Lessons very simple if you believe you're gonna hurt anyone else but Ozai don't fire all right Swift says we have a fire a clear shot fire Who got that kill Sir Johnny I Don't think you understood the mission man Johnny. I'm getting my explosive end over there. So does a Johnny Please head back up over there, dude We are alive on Let's try it again this time great launch is only only a very clear shot Swift says fire Shot cast Thank you. Thank you. I wanted Johnny. He just shot some he shot him with the grenade launcher He'll watch the replay. Don't worry about him man. Swift says everyone carefully descend and enter the office You know I might be safe to go through there. Good call Something around are in the in the interest of time and momentum of the stream. I will not come becoming back to life I'll have to be a ghost So I'm hurry up A ghost I'm creating a crime alright so it says laps shoulder in here in this main room Shoulder to shoulder we're gonna you band it. Okay, come on home line Hey, scooch All right, Swift says look behind you guys away from the windows So you guys probably know you can get on top of like those little ceilings hanging from the ceiling on the Yes, right your goal will be to get to the one on your right. Okay All right, if you kept it on there you will have to play another dangerous park or mini game ready set go Swift says freeze Omelander and Makarov online ghost online ghost and on what sort of this both you guys go up there you will hear yeah go ahead Oh, I can just antelope this Great So it says I want both of you guys on the big one actually you guys might survive this mini game. Yep All right, Swift says everyone else go under Yeah, look at that man. Look at that Listen, there's us you two up there you guys can run around anywhere you want up there as long as you're on top The folks the bomb will hopefully will be able to fire as many bolts as they want for about four seconds. We guys gotta do survive All right, Swift says go four seconds four three Oh, we got them all right hang on I just want to see that again. Put just everyone aim up Swift says unload Stop Great By the way if you're watching you want to join these games just join our discord search Google for Swift or discord the link breaks all the time. It's really annoying, but yeah to search Spill my name correctly, please. Thank you. All right, so this is good job everyone right Uh, now for real get on the small ceiling thing above you go ahead Swift says go Oh my god, I'm actually not gonna get up there. Just blend you room. I think everyone's getting up there Do you know what we're just glad to hear room? Come on chat. There we go. Good job. Okay, good chat You're welcome chat. All right great All right, Swift says if you borrow a proximity mind with you hold it in your hand. Don't put it down. Hold it Oh God bless you guys Swift says if you'd like you can toss your proxy mind anywhere you want off out that's not on this platform if you want The volunteer. So what does this do it just do it There you go spread them out Thank you for your contribution All right great Let's hear I'm gonna give you guys a place to go Is this something that they're carefully But let's see your hang on where's that couch A little harder to describe oh Can use this next wish was alive Uh-huh Anyway, you know what let's do this simply Swift says last person on the helipad platform dies go Oh no Oh Last person the platform I'm watching this Hey Is that it I love alive man. I got murdered by Ozai. We also got murdered all right So new moon unfortunately you were last But it will have an opportunity to live Okay, you have 20 HP I want to test to see whether fall damage can kill you 20 HP What I'd like you to do so in the direction you're looking at there are two barrels on top of that that yellow beam Do you see that which is please step on top of those two barrels I'm gonna do my vest the vocally guide you now So just says uh look towards the the building with the upside down v's There we go right now look down See those stud stone payment over there. Let's see the stone uh Stone squares Yeah, all you gotta do is run and jump on land on there and if you don't die you are forgiven I think you're gonna break your legs and die immediately, but you know what That's what sides is for All right, so just as beginning whenever you're ready new moon You know I gave them 20 HP. Well anyway She'd often died that reduced the pole damage All right, so this is new moon, please rejoin the group I saw I saw everything she's done been dying shut up. It's come in. No No, no, no, no, she didn't have a dive. I saw she didn't do it. He has a burger That's it all right, she's fine Yeah, all right. Good job. What do you gain from lying? Great All right, Swiftress says I have a question for you guys Are the red barrels behind you explosive? Yes, yeah, they are Swiftress that surround those two red barrels Now And mon warfare two you were to melee a barrel what did explode? No If you were to melee these barrels and mon warfare three with the explode Probably Okay, we're gonna we're gonna play we're gonna have a little betting game If you believe these barrels would explode with a single melee you're allowed to go on the The beam that's closest to you just that where you think it's safe Yep, the one that newman was just on Swiftress if you believe these two will explode go on there If you believe you'll be safe stay where you are I'm losing bet will be punished You guys all believe you can't even won't explode Oh Okay, you know I'm going if big boy might be there we go Let's choose place you have you have 10 seconds of place your bet Will it explode with a single melee? I'm not gonna have the last one You have five seconds of finalize your bet five four three Two one great All right, so big boy new moon if you guys are correct you'll be the final two One of you will win the game All right Swiftress says Cass I'm designated you a designated you as the uh the uh Surreled melee artist Yes, sir, so if it says everyone else take one small baby step back just so she doesn't melee you by mistake All right All right, so it just says Cass please melee once Cass hit it lightly And it's safe Okay, so if it says all of you guys the platform Please uh Please exchange places with both big boy and new moon big boy new moon so it says please go to those two barrels Good job, Cass I'm asking you to make a country for a job, yeah, good job, yeah nice job, Cass All right, so we test melee we know that that that that work that doesn't work what Would bullets work Swiftress says unload What's the hell I like It's it's her it's her EOD My wife murder Oh yeah That's the life I got thank you I don't know Back to Wasn't that far away from it Okay Okay, Swiftress says you have one more challenge new moon You step back you weren't supposed to but you know you deserve a chance to live So it says new moon please go to the very tippy top of the crane where I was earlier what I died So it says you want to make some room for new moon to go there I could go this way I went this way earlier yep go for it take the ladder Ladder is yeah just on that Oh Great Leak I mean probably this is kind of the goal but you know you might so lucky survive too Two de-inter situations. I think you do a third. Hmm, trying to think what's actually reasonable to ask you to do right now. All right, it's simple. Nume, do you know how to dolphin dive? I can try, but it doesn't usually work for me because I don't know how to do it very well. Are you, what's your, what platform you want? PC, like I know my keep mines for it. All right, all you gotta do is, from anywhere up here, any part of this crane top part, if it was dolphin dive onto the platform you should get over here, the uh, the long stretch with the metal poles on it. You can dolphin dive without falling down. You're safe. That is your challenge. I don't think you dolphin dive from where you are now, unless you're really good at it. You might want to move, you move closer if you'd like. You just have to stay out at the very top. There you go. Yes. You can dolphin dive. That's me a dolphin dive. It can't be a jump. It can't be a flop. It needs to be a dolphin dive. If you want to practice doing a dolphin dive, you know, while you're up there, you can as long as you don't get off. You don't want to practice. Okay. All right. Get some of these stuff. As you begin whenever you'd like. That's me a dolphin dive. No, you did it right. You did it right. You did it right. You did it right. You did it right. That is that. So does this please run off the platform. There you go. Okay. Good. Thanks for being a good sport. All right. Great. We have 13 more minutes left in the round. Let's see what we can do here to have some fun, folks. When you fall off the edge, isn't it your body? Here's. Yeah. Okay. So, Swift says on the edge of this map, there's scaffolding. So does look towards the the heli. So does get behind the heli. But I'll guide you guys from there. All right. So does this stare the gas tank over there? Now if you look to the left. Oh, sorry. If you know that. No, not that one. So does this look towards the windows on your left? You see the scaffolding over there? You should see it. Ah, there it is. You see it? Yes. So does all of you guys go there? This is not the challenge. Some of you guys on. Oh, oh, oh, oh. That's almost one eight to five. You almost just jumped off on excellent. Yeah. Oh, angel. But this makes you run inside, Sandman. Great. This is where we're going to divide by two. So does it just find a partner? One that you think will react slower than you. Next is looking for a partner. Yep. Wait, do you really have a partner? They're being called forehead of your center. Boss man, you got nobody. Why do you see a democard? Slim, sir. Poor boss, man. Yeah. Poor parasol. It's okay. No, if you have no partner, you'll be able to pick one afterwards. All right. So just as Amethor head. This is the part of the game where there's awkward silence. So just don't change who you're aiming at. Malay. Malay. Pretty good. So if there says your partner must be physically next to you. Slim boss, man. You guys know partners. So it just says, okay, next you just sort of just wait. All right. So it just says when I say the name of a building from New York City, you will melee the other player. Eiffel Tower. White House. I hop. Empire State Building. Boss. I'm all surprised. No one to you guys. Some of you guys know I hops in New York City. I didn't want to be wrong. I didn't know they're my. Yeah, too careful. That's an important. You want to look at building? Yeah, what? I hops that a building? I have a brick. What is it? Like a 10 10. No, it's pizza. Bro. All right. All right. So just says, King Nick's choose one person to be your partner. Are you chosen Henry? All right. Henry Nick's is the same game when I say the name of a building from a building or a place in New York City. You'll melee the other person. And whom I get echo from? JT Doge. Please me your microphone. There is an there isn't I hop in New York City. There is I've been there. It's okay. I'm singular. I hop. I have not counted them. Sorry, bro. Okay. So. Which says King Nick's Henry when I say the name of a location or a place that is definitely in New York City. You will melee the other player. Nick Roddell's. Burger swing. Freedom power. Waffles. The Call of Duty National Museum. It sounds so specific. That's the museum of history. That's in the UK. The UK. The UK. The UK. Oh, it's going over there too. I don't want everyone. I don't want everyone. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my god. The echo. My god. The echo. I'm sorry. I had a cool. I was going to Google make sure I got the idea. Yes, that exists. Good job. Yes. Great. Great. What? No. That's DC. No, there's a there's a there's a museum of natural history in New York City. Just double checking. All right. Great. I'm pretty sure that's one of the UK's. Last person to climb up dies. Go. Good luck. So if this says the first person to climb up dies. Go. Guys are too good. All right. So if this says look towards the wall. This is now look towards the left. There is one more scaffold on this side of the map. So if this says the last person get into that one dies. Go. Look at him. Go. Tacker. I'll think that one's not. He's going. He's going. He's one. That was 200 IQ might as 180. Unfortunately. I mean, the right idea. You know, I did not actually did not know you could do that in this map. That's actually pretty cool. Was that the case in the original? Also know, right? No, that's excellent. No. All right. Great. All right. I'm watching you guys who do the same thing, but only using that path that attacker just took. You see the edge of the building? You can walk along it. Get ready. Last person. Last person to the other plough. Scalp-fuling dies. Go. Swiftress says go. Is that over yet? And. Push it. You can jump. You can jump across. Jump like jump the edge. Short cut. No. Doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. Oh. Rest in peace, boss man. I tried. All right. All right. Swiftress says the four of you. Congratulations. You're the finalist. FIFA lad. Henry. Remaster. An emperor. Swiftress says all four of you guys. Please climb up. Can I see it? All right. Swiftress says in all four of you, please get on that gas tank that's closest to you. You might have to go get on there from the heli platform. Yep. Swiftress says go into the heli platform and jump onto this. Oh, you can climb. All right. There we go. That's good. Anyway, let's get up there. Excuse me. All right. Great. Swiftress says make sure you're standing on the round part of the gas tank. No, so not the circle. Sorry. The other part. I apologize. Anywhere but there. Great. The podium. There we go. Yes. Cool. Play a little game of chicken now. Swiftress says aim your gun of choice down to down straight down. All right. After sure number of shots. This isn't going to blow. But it says the name of this game is. But it says the last person to get off this thing alive is the winner of the entire game. How does this game work? I never played it. Are you alive? No. All right. No. I'm not playing. All right. So this usually I tell you guys what the deal went to fire. This time you guys can do whatever you want. The rule is the last person to get off of this alive. Lives which is as you're a lot of fire as many bullets as you like into the to the gas canister which is as begin. Oh my god. Oh my god. What? What? Let's go. Just. Well, that was. I think it only blows up on the side. Wow. That was the point thing. All right. In that case, last person to lie when you kill each other wins the game. Good luck. All right. Swiftress says if you have a grenade launcher take it out. Oh, I had to rejoin and lost mine. Oh. Well, unfortunately Henry will have to pick it up off a dead body once they die. All right. Oh no. All right. So no male swarters says no melee is allowed. So it just says this is going to be a four-way battle or only grenade launchers can be used. I have no idea how this is going to work out. Do I have to stay up here? You can get off if you want. You saw him accidentally lose. Okay. Well, look. When someone dies, just go pick it up and then use it. Hang on. Before it begins though, we're going to have a little fun. The Fifa, Henry, remaster and emperor. I'm going to put a little vote on the screen. I want to see what people think is going to win. Yeah, but I'm pretty good. All right. Three people on. Let's go. All right. Let's go, Henry. Henry. Go, Henry. Henry. Henry. Henry, Henry. Henry, you got this. I don't know what you mean. All right. There it is. So here's the poll. Here's the poll. You have to type the exact name. Unfortunately, Henry, Fifa, remaster and MP for emperor. Place your votes. Votes work on all platforms. All your votes will count. TikTok, Twitch, YouTube. Wherever you're watching, the number one. Thank you for watching. Place your vote. You guys think Henry the guy without the greener the watch was the one. He's for lunch. Henry, you got it. He's for lunch. Yeah. One of the best. You can see the names right over here. Are you voting? We need inquiry. I would go 100% on FIFA. Henry, Henry, Henry, Henry, Henry. Okay. All right. Can't do anything to you, FIFA. Let me have Henry over half the people watching who voted. I believe you can win this. All right. One more time, the rules are. We're named La Trochette's are the only way to hurt other players. You must stay on top of this thing. You fall off you automatically lose. The swiftest says go. You're so close. people at The winner be over here. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Good game guys. GG That's my go Good game guys. GG. Oh If you'd like to join our games run the discord all right, oh, people. What's your shout out? Oh, I don't really have one. I'll just shout out attacker cuz he's Irish Yeah All right, good game guys. Love you chat. Love you FIFA and happy bedroom