 What is up everyone welcome to Swift or says a special edition of everyone here as two lives. Here's my theory. I believe if people think they have more chances they're just gonna die soon or anyway because they think they have some flexibility. For example, everyone thinks they're gonna die last longer, crouch now. No one. All right, if you think you're Swift or says what's your name sorry. Shaggy. Swift or says Shaggy come with me man. All right, so whenever this happens I get a lot of comments and go like hey, you didn't say anything about jumping like you didn't say Swift or says jump. I didn't. But, Shaggy what went wrong there man. Well, I'll just you know see. No, no, I'm not asking for the psychological I'm just asking for the game rules. Yeah, I said I didn't say Swift or says jump and you jumped right. Right. There we go. All right great. No worry. Shaggy is that another shot. He's got one more life. After you died just rejoin the group. That's it. Everyone's got a second shot except for Shaggy now he's down a shot. Great. Anyway. Here's that. There's somebody over on the stairs. You're right. You're right. Yeah, who is that? Other right. Other right. They're coming up here. Swift says sir, what's your name? You like to party. What's your name? He's going. He's going. So he's going to move out of the way. Sir, what's your name? I'm back. Bro, stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. You're going to die. You're going to die. Just look. That lag is. I'm glad you two are. Dude, I don't know why I'm lying there. That's okay, man. Oh, it's a person that was late. There. Oh, there you go. That's from. Okay, man. Good luck this game. Swift just says make sure in line. She'll show us why did you guys all follow me over here? I didn't say Swift says do that. What the hell man? You are. You are a walk in slideshow, bro. You are not going to survive this game. I was saying. Okay, good luck. All right, unsuitable. We need time. Swift says don't worry about it. Leave it to me. All right, Swift says keep rise on me. All right, so I picked up the Laura skin. Got some nice, nice socks and boots. I want to try and try them out. Swift says last person crouch gets executed. Let's do it. Let's do it. Swift just says come with me. No, I'm not using look. No, I'm not using her original executions. Those are two violent, man, two violent. This is a family friendly episode. For example, last person stand up dies. Swift just frees you you. Yeah. You're trying to convince them not to brat you out. Swift says come with me. Swift says you three in the back of the truck. Oh, I heard you for that. I wasn't thinking. Thank you. Look again, don't worry about it. You all got a second chance. I may regret it later on. Right, Swift says everyone aim at that truck. Basie, you're going to meet your microphone, bro. Thank you. Next. I'm just wondering if the explosion here will kill you guys over here. I'm pretty sure it won't. All right, looks good. Unload. Can you believe no one fired at this truck? I can't believe you three guys would fire each other. Go. You held back. I'm very impressed. Swift says all three of you guys look at the wall behind you. You see the words here? Swift says when I say a letter that is not on that wall at all. It's an entire wall. The door. Any of these words. But this is when I say a letter that's not on this wall. You can kill the other two players in the truck. Understand? Yes. All right. Swift says we're going to be getting out. W. B. R. H. Z. L. Oh, trying to see if there's R. There was no R in there, but I just kept on going. Oh, there was an R actually. Yeah. There was more. But there was no Z. So we're good there. Congratulations. Swift says what's your name? Sweet as Chef. Swift says, Sweet as Chef, please return to line. I mentioned before starting the recording, but I'm trying to make an effort after 15 years and change to talk a little bit slower, a little bit more clearly. It might help my whenever I try to do subtitles and programs, it always gives me inaccurate results, which is probably because I talk too fast, nice, or whatever. So I'm making an effort to change that. Swift says, Please stand up. Would you like to see that? Swift says, Look to your right. Swift says, Shaggy, come on over, man. What were you about to offer me, Shaggy? Would you like us to do what? What were you going to offer me? I think that was cash. I don't think he said anything. Oh, sorry. I'm sorry, Shaggy. I'm sorry. Is it Shaggy, please go back into line. Cass, what were you offering? What did I? Huh? If you can rejoin. Oh, I asked if we were supposed to rejoin the line. If you have a second life and all of you guys do, you simply rejoin the group as tasty as you can. Yes. There we go. Sorry, Shaggy. Don't take that personally. All right, great. Great. Swift says, When the person in front of you jumps, you will jump. Swift says, What's your name? I'm a extrudist Canadian. Prudist. Swift says, A extrudist? Jump. Hey, I'm hard. Great. This is going to be a harder one. Let me think here. Swift says, When the two people in front of you, Swift says, When you see two people ahead of you jump, no, that's not going to work. That's not going to work. All right, everyone turn around and look at the first look to the west. Go. Swift says, Sir, can you please look at me? What's your name? Oh, dang. Swift says, We're going to play a little game, man. Swift says, Please stand on this fence with that dog. All right, Swift says, Look, look. Yeah. There we go. Swift says, Look to the west, like you're trying to do. Great. Your job is going to be to move along this fence without falling off. The moment you fall off, Swift says anyone can melee you. Got it? Your job is going to be to safely make it over to where I'm over here without falling off. Swift says, Begin. Take your time, man. It's not a race. What you got to do is, It's like a, What's it called when a tightrope? Like you're walking a tightrope. If you're stuck in my knee to jump, but you're going to require some skill, do your very, but hey, stop blocking them, bitch. Oh, he said, so when murder that man, I saw that. I saw that. Who pushed that man? Was it you? Jack, why is pitching? I was me either way. Yeah, I was. What did what did I say? What did I say? You didn't say we couldn't block him. Bro, bro, bro, what did I say when I say Swift or says, man? It's really simple. It's not throwing that. It's not throwing that. Throw it. It's okay. All right. It's okay. All right. Okay, it's okay. All right. It was a mistake. All right. You lost your life. Okay, cool. I still want to do that successfully. Swift or says last person of crash will give it a shot. So, Swift or says follow me. Yes, man. No, bro. Look. Swift or says everyone. Look at the fence and take a small step back. I don't want you blocking the players while they attempt this. All right. No one has another shaggy sabotaging players. All right. Swift just says what's your name? Pair street. Swift is a spacey. Please stand on the fence. Same road. Oh, okay. Don't get on there, man. There we go. You feel comfortable? No, man. All right. I actually don't really care if you feel comfortable. I just need you on the fence, man. Just figure it out. Let it rest. Let the timer reset. Man, I don't need you dying too quickly. Let reset. All right. Got it. You got it. Very good. Great. All you got to do is type rope walk along this fence to the end as long as you don't fall off. You're good. Swift says, begin. What? My crouch. Yeah, dude, dude. As long as you don't fall off with the fence, you can do whatever you'd like that doesn't involve killing other people. Go. Swift says go. You want to crouch, you want to be on prone, you want to jump. All you got to do is get to me while not hopping off that fence. If you could somehow jump 100 feet to me over here on this fence, you could do that too. Now you might encounter points where you're kind of stuck. Are they blocking you? Yeah, so just make sure you're not touching the fence guys. Make sure you're not blocking them. There you go. You're doing great. I was missing out on this. Amazing, bro. You could do it. You can, I believe in you. All right. Swift says you still need to get to the end, but I'm going to get a close, close up look of you. Keep on going, man. You got this. I'm sure everyone wants you to make it to the end and no one wants to mail you the second you get off. Don't worry, bro. You're so athletic. What do you go? Make you baby steps. Look, patience is a virtue. Why, why risk it, right? You've got great balance. You're doing really good. You're going to say about halfway there. Yeah, such a balance. Doing it on his right foot. Well, the spider on the fence. I'll be real. I didn't think he was going to get this far. So he's doing great. That right leg is. Make room, make room, make room, make room, make room. That's not looks like dog's walking. Look at him. You're so good at this. You're almost there, man. Right over here. You get to me over here. You're safe. You're good to go. Yeah, actually going to do it. Oh, he's going to do it. Success. Swift with that space. Congratulations. I really did not think that you would survive that. So it's a good job. Good job. All right, great. Swift says if you don't fit on top of this blue truck, you're in trouble. Go. Three, two, one. Swift says freeze. Freeze. Freeze. Freeze. Look, how did I not get on? Sir. Freeze means no movement. Swift says if you're not on top of the truck, please let it once again. I cramped back here, guys. All right, cool. In this one, we're going to be like one death. Swift says all of you guys lined up over here. Last person to stay on top of the fence for more than five seconds dies. Go. Get on top and stay there. No. Oh, no. Wait, why aren't you guys going to die that just did that whole thing? Yeah, it's all right. You got a little life. That's okay, man. Great. All right. Good job. You guys, let's see. The truck is full. Let's give you guys another opportunity here. One, two, three, four, five, six, seventy nine. Great. Swift says there is an odd number of you players. Swift says look at the person next to you. They are your safety partner. You don't have a safety partner. You're not safe. Uh oh. Uh oh. What's your name? Uh oh. Uh, bra. Name? Oh, bra. Oh, bra's your name. Okay. Got it. Got it. There you go. I'm broad. All right, man. Unfortunately. We're not safe. That's all right. You guys are a life probably. All right. Next. A final challenge. Uh oh. Swift says everyone please listen carefully. This is important for these players. This next mini game. Once I fire my gun. It must go into prone and after you go in prone and only after you go into prone. You can melee once. Swift says do it anyway. Oh. Damn. Oh wow. Yeah, that's it. All right. Great job. Swift says you four. Come on over. Swift says everyone follow me to north side of the map. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Whoa. Good job. Good job. Good job. You're alive. Come with me. I was too late to tell the Swift. Well, the captain. Who's the captain? Well, if it be kill Swift or I've got a second life. So I'll be okay. Yeah. Well, if it be kill Swift, you get banned. What is that? No, someone did a prone when they murdered a guy on the fence. That's what he said. I didn't catch him. Yeah, I got it. That's what. All right. Swift says laugh again on the sidewalk curb. What the fuck? Is that nice curb? Nice curb? I quality curb right there. I've got nice curves. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? There you go. Save if you're a Tinder profile. All right. Great. I'm trying to think what challenge for you guys. It's not the same old. Okay. Got it. All right. Swift just says I'm going to give each of you guys a number. Listen carefully for it. Oh, Jesus. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Eleven. Twelve. 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. 18. 19. 20. 21. 22. 23. 24. 25. 26. 27. 28. 29. Now I'm not a monster. I want that pretty quickly. So I'm going to help you guys figure out whether you're what number you are. All right. Odd players. Everyone crouch. That'll give you a sense of what you're doing it. So if the person in front of you trying to stand back up, point you're going to throw ahead. Oh. So it says all players who crouch come on out. All of you. How many people for four days? Oh, no. Oh, no. Okay. You know what's the funny part? Switcher doesn't even remember our numbers. So like you guys should have done nothing. It didn't matter. I didn't ask him to do it. All right. So what does this trooper jump up once? It's what is trooper. Are you over here? It's what is a trooper jump up once? Oh, no. So what does this trooper jump up once or else? Thank you. Where you murdered? Where you murdered? It was just a trooper. No, simple. Simple. So what does this trooper? What is your number? 26. 26. 27. 29. That was correct. I'm just trying to look. I'm an old man. I don't remember people's names. I did remember this one thing I learned in school. For remembering stuff. Apparently if they get killed by a flowering squad, you're more likely to remember them. So let's hear. So does everyone surround in player number 26? Crouch. So does this aim at his head? I don't remember. I don't remember. I don't remember. I don't remember. I don't remember. I don't remember. I don't remember. I don't remember. He or he could just hit ten. I don't remember. Oh no. His head, unload Non- manners. Unfortunately did not say sweetness says, 789. You want me to learn. As I they are here. Now, swapap比較. Sicherheit of my size. Tell me. I don't know. Is it warm up here? Quite warm up. ... 18. Mine. All right. This continues again. I should be your teacher. back into the game. So this is you six with me. By community time I mean unpaid labor. So it says get behind the reception desk. Oh, no worries. It's a short shift for you guys. All right, great. So it says you guys are the reception desk for this, uh, this expo hall. If we're going to come in here and they want to be directed to the convention they're here for. So this is wait. You're going to help them out when they come in. So it says crouch if you know which convention you want to go to. One three four. Great. So it says freeze. So it says only you four come with me. So if just says you four, please make a single file line. Great. What's your name? So it says, Siri and come with me. These flying people will help you get to where you need to go. So just just just just a Syrian. Please let us ask them. Please find out from them how to get to your desired convention. All right, lads, please I want to go to the theater. The theater convention. Who can help me out? The theater convention. I'm looking for conventions. Expo. This is an expo. This is an events here. If you want to go to the theater expo, I'm sure that's a real thing. Can you guys help them? So it says. Give them some directions. How do you guys get over there? I'm going to go right down this hallway. Oh, this is way. Oh, I didn't mean to do that. So it was a shotgun. You've been hired. Get behind the desk. That's the first time I've put up. There was a machine gun. You know, there we go. There was a machine gun. There was a machine gun. There was a machine gun. There was a machine gun. There was a machine gun. There was a machine gun. I'm trying to swipe him away. I'm asking very important questions. Yes, who's going to answer? Who's going to answer? How does it get to the theater expo? So you're going to walk through either. Okay, never answer. Someone's answering. We're good. Go ahead. Yes, just you. Go ahead. I heard you first. How does it get there? I'm going to go to our left. We're going to follow stairs all the way down. There are going to be two more sets of double doors. You're going to go through those. Going through one of the three passageways through those doors. And you're going to find your seat by the theater. That was very good. All right. So what does that say? Are you sad? Serien. They got help me out. I'm here. Look, look, I'm about to give you the hand shake. I'm going to go ahead and see how you know how. But listen, you were satisfied with those directions. Serien, please. Repeat them word for word now. Just let's go. I will go down the whole way and be two double doors. And there will be ways. Fail. So just let's go back to line. Whatever. Get out of here. So just let's what's your name? Sweet as chef. Sweet as chef. Here's your community service. We'll come back to the line. Go ahead. All right. Next. What's your name? Validini. Validini. Come with me, Beth. All right. Who can help him get to the restroom? Right here. Go to your left and turn right. It's going to be right there. Unfortunately, I didn't say that. We're going to go to the restroom. Right here. Unfortunately, I didn't say spifter says so that is Wait, Nikola wrong guy Rottle rejoin the game my back All right, so it was bulletinny go back outside So does this you to Come over here All right, what is you two guys are going to the same convention which one is it? The gun convention gun convention oh All right great So it says actually I can give you the directions to that one so does the gun show is actually having this desk over here So does you for demonstrate your guns to each other go Oh That was really cool yeah, so for says they're going to make That's one like going swip does a lap shoulder shoulder again All right Good job All right now it's time for the deadliest mini game of all I've got a turret All right, let's give you guys I got swifter says everyone everyone come with me to this out of the bus We go on a field trip Swifter says here are the rules You will have to remain on this street no matter what so just get off the sidewalk you must remain off the street So if you see anyone that's not me off the street you can shoot them don't shoot me all right Listen me. I've got to revolve around don't shoot me cool. What am I gonna do? I'm gonna obviously put a turret on top of this bus because that's what maniacs do Great so here is the goal your job is to go hide behind Your choice of either the white Jeep or the white van back there those only two safe spots for you guys I'm assuming that the turret will not blow up the vehicles. I really don't know but the rules the rules So does everyone back up behind the bus Let's go rolls right thank you great So does this wait Now to increase your odds. It's usually better to move as a herd right the turret can only shoot one person at a time If you want to wait you can if you're not behind one of the two hiding places by time this could hurt gone you automatically die So if this says remember remain on the street swift or says go That's the Dan over there is not legal bro and you know it Oh That was insane Why are you picking what's wrong with you No, so it says if you died to stay off the little street for a while So it says there was someone behind that sedan over there the white sedan. That's not legal the Jeep and the van Listen I will inspected done. Don't worry Hey dude, you know why you're looking at me. Yeah Yeah Yeah, that's everybody all right, Swiftress says freeze That's pretty okay Miss inspect the hiding locations right now is that everybody everyone run Hey, I'm looking good good job everybody great Swiftress has lampshelosho on the curb Now Yeah, did it Good job guys All right, we're gonna do a we're gonna do a little bit of inspection here Swiftress has everybody Okay, I don't I saw the turret and I was like No, no one's dying right Great let me just do a quick check Swiftress has to be still both of your lives Propped this is simply just to see well a bunch of you guys good job. Good job. So stand back up. I just want to It's once a gauge I got greedy I Got greed to plead for century. All right, century gun is gone perfect. It's after the next deadly mini game Here's the van There's a proxy mini mine Anyone that does not get on top of this van top standing Anyone who's not standing on top of this van by time I'm done We'll have to engage in an extremely dangerous mini game So whoever has two lies just do it says go You have to stand so someone that has to blow up someone has to blow it up It's not triggering huh looks it's okay So it must be standing on top. Yeah, five seconds fine. I'm gonna be standing guys for three two One So confused right now, so does this freeze Yeah, what's going on? I'm it. It's you know, this is what I get man. I got it was on was discounted I thought I could save some money Vladimir bro, yeah, you're really screwed me over all right, so it says if you are on top of the van standing I mean, so this is one two I get a cell says That's not on top so it says you It's what it says we're one so it says everyone look at me so I can do no one talk just as you you're not on top exactly Not actually you are all right, never mind so it says you you and you so just as you three on top of this Jeep You didn't quite make it yep, how the jeep boys what is this you two? I'll be the Jeep yep, yeah, not on top great The rest of you guys what does as you say if you fall mine. Yes, what does as a recipe guys just stand over here It's not look it's it's a dud. It's a dud. It's gone. It appeared It's a dud Look at that Don't worry, it's letting me pick it up this hope to shoot it So it says who said does shoot it come on over So this is come on up here So it says stand right here, please So it says freeze so this is all three of you come with me on top of this van So So this is all four of you freeze All right So it says you're allowed to shoot it and get off the van good luck You Oh my god, we have a lovingly stuff in this game and I don't really want to restart the lobby So we're just gonna we're gonna Kill people really fast for this one Swiftress says all of you guys please follow me. We're going into the theater Great Swiftress says Here's the audience what does this choose a seat one seat per player in the audience go white seats over here Swiftress says everyone gets their own seat individual seat is plenty for everybody So I want to be by themselves great All right welcome to the bald man show Today is topic murderers and the people sitting next to them So it says you can be sitting next to a murder so no who it is So it just says a meant one person if I call out your name you will kill the person you're aiming at Great switches this freeze A lot of people alive holy crap So it just is verified kill the person you're aiming at There goes All right, so it says aim at someone else Swiftress says lock in your your your your your person there we go Great, so it says freeze all right next Trooper Cooper till the person you're aiming at So does this trooper I did not say Swiftress says yeah Wait I killed the wrong guy sort of a fine What the hell sort of this trooper jump All right, oh my bad Luckily it was him to me what can I say All right, we joined the entire lobby so I can rejoin the entire lobby correct you have two lives I goofed I goofed Who are you Swiftress says if you died just come over here and stay just chill until next mid game you died in one all right great All right cool next So it says aim at your next target Swiftress says freeze All right, I'm only look a little some names over here All right, so it says if your name has a letter in it kill them Oh So that Swiftress says everyone come with me Swiftress says everyone Swiftress says everyone into the elevator shaft stay in the elevator shaft All right All right guys I have eight minutes left Swiftress says is there is there anyone alive who is not in the elevator shaft I need you in here now inside All right, Swiftress says you must be in the elevator shaft Swift If there says you must be standing Just pick a spot to be frozen in You're not sure what's gonna happen maybe you are Swiftress says freeze Swiftress doesn't want you to catch something for me Oh Swiftress says get outside of the elevator shaft carefully No need to rush no need to rush oh my last time Of course here in all right great Swiftress says there is a moment for another mini game left Swiftress says if you're able to get on top of the Wilson all right, so what does that you're able to go on top of the wheel sin you'll be safe in the next mini game Swiftress says begin One two Swiftress says freeze Great Swiftress says if you did not make it in top of the wheel sin if it says get on Get in get back into your white seat Oh My god, it ain't kill you you're fine Unlike all the seat you would own it I wouldn't say ma'am if you were not on the wheel sin I respectfully request you get back to your seat Thank you Swiftress says blah blah. All right, so just as you four each of you guys take one of the seats over here. You're staying for a little bit All right, I gotta work fast you're running out of time. All right great family few time Cool Swiftress says you four kill each other Oh, no start light and by a little while I meant only for a moment you four kill each other too So this is free so this is free so this is free It's not over yet. I don't think you want There's two other people there's been coming back. They're going bad the guy who murdered everyone had a life left So that's a life that's my bad. Yeah, man Three players left Swiftress says Yeah, man, I said freeze bro Oh, no, no, come back. Swiftress says all three players remaining. Please follow me. You are the finalists weather whether it was fair or not All right, so it says you three Choose a side of this wall you all of you three can be on the same side you on different sides. So it says just pick a side that obviously will not be even Okay, there we go All right, fine. You're by yourself. Cool. No worries One second fun You We're gonna play a little game Swiftress says this is your These are your teams you're solo you guys are duo Here's how the game's gonna work each of you three are gonna get a kill streak Fine, we'll get to go first though, which is as fine go pick a kill streak To which is as you two go pick a kill streak Don't tell me what it is Swiftress says once you've retee obtained your kill streak return back to the uh Here's spot Great here's how this game's gonna work first 15 fine gets to use his kill streak And then you to get to use your kill streak and after that we have any players left we'll figure it out Swiftress says 15 fine what kill streak do you have I have the over cheater The what the helicopter All right, Swiftress says use that and if you can somehow kill these two players with that for the you win The luck boys. I don't I mean, I don't think he's me able to kill you. There's no ceiling. Maybe you can't I don't know It's the automatic healer not the automatic healer. Yeah, all right, Swiftress says what do you do guys have It was you to use your stuff see if you can kill fine You have you obviously not the useful and oh god, that's not good. I'm gonna stand over here. You know what I'm mind Maybe I doubt it I think I think they all survive here. Yeah, we all yeah, I lost our boss was on this outdoors. Okay, that's all right Swiftress says take out your primaries Swiftress says without moving from your current position Kill the other team. Swiftress says go now other team But that moving bro It appears there is no penetration that was not the same the trip says stop Swiftress says you three follow me We're not going outside. It's too dangerous, right? It blew wet and you think it's gone. It's gone. It says you three follow me There's a monster. I got it It's gone No, it was up there for a little bit until we have two minutes a big go winner We've just as continue to follow me We need a finale that's worthy of this match It's Swiftress says you three Form a line right over here Yep shoulder shoulder at the beginning of the stairs All right, here's how the game will work. Gonna play a red light green light If I see you moving I kill you First person to stab me wins the entire match Swiftress says the game has begun if I see you move you die Red light green light one two three freeze Fortunately All right Red light green light Swiftress says your name Good evening Well, I'm dini congratulations you win man. What is your shout out dude? Oh, shut up to you and Ronaldo Ronaldo there we go man you hear that Ronaldo. I'm sure he definitely watches everyone in my videos. Why not right? GG guys all right the game man. All right the game dudes The world the game was very simple if I see a movie a die God dang it ice What I see your fault again guys