 What's up everyone welcome to Swiftress says look at this beautiful Halloween theme map deal is where maritos I can't pronounce it sort of says pronounce the most more toast please All right, so it says what might I say a espresso says now sort of says translate that to English This is a high IQ lobby. Let's put the test all right Uh Last person will the prone will tell me 10 words in Spanish go Yeah, who did it no buttons bottom if you went to pro now. Yeah, I missed you a good job. All right Swiftress says turn around It can be a sensitivity test last person look at me dies That's two of you guys It says you they're just says you come with me Which says to the center of the dance floor So what does everyone turn around All right guys, whether you liver died depends on Through the Syrian join the movie here Okay, yes, I'm gonna see me a dance off geez man anyway, so it says you three gonna dance you guys see warning of dance together Or you can dance on your own anyway the your goal be to please the people watching live right now if they are happy You guys go back to the squad if they're unhappy Make the dance floor real hot sort of says you three dance Y'all been dropping like his hot See some shake If you thought that was great type great if you think if you don't like it type nope So it says you three come back over here get ready for Yeah, I think I think I'm working All right, do you want to create a grieve? All right, no worries, okay, so seems like most folks didn't think that was good enough, but you know what I've got an idea If you guys aren't good at dancing in college you guys might be good at gunfire in college you three kill each other So I didn't I didn't tell him the stop because your dancing was so good there man That was actually the first real dance he did all the game. I was very impressed Wait hang on who would we lose anyone in appropriately that match Oh But that man that man's aim was trashed so does a Syrian return to the line he wanted Syrian that's so bad Let's go. Let's go man. So it says return to the line Wait a little bit he tried he turned it not should immediately he was I made him wait a while All right, so it says let's continue our tour of the map Supper says follow me inside here hey, I just want to let y'all know y'all can talk and open y'all gonna miss some good man Y'all gonna probably die they are definitely gonna die To his legs that never mind Funny to just stand on the till of flowers memorating the dead celebrating the dead Those are apples the apples Yeah, that's a part of the transition apples great Swift says go into prone without make while making sure you touch the flowers Okay good for those flowers good job Swift says last person to stand is gonna die So it says please join me over here. Yeah, bye guy. What's your name? Load Costigator Man, so does this please follow me man Do you have a chance to survive So does this please step inside So does your job This is simply stay alive players are not allowed to end of this building but they can fire into it They can throw stuff into it. Oh, you gotta do survive for 18 seconds. All right three two one 18 seconds You guys you shouldn't you just can't go inside go So it says go How about you don't run into each Wait wait Anime why you know in there you can literally go up to All right Drill charge was legal he didn't go inside Yeah, sorry castigator and number two if you sort of says we killed one of the two people are innocent come on down The two innocent people the who died just now you can rejoin the game. Oh Thanks, so if it says says come on down One and the and the other guy don't make me find you Here says you two guys Stanchial I'm my club says you two guys that shoulder shoulder so my clip it hang on hang on guys so listen That may or may not have been your fault Sure your bullets kill the player that they weren't well died, but I want to hear your side of the story your name The questionable man, all right, question man. I am not the judge jury or flexible. I'm executioner But the folks watching will be the jury so just explain what happened how other people died and maybe they'll let you go go for it See I was just trying to shoot in the building, but then the guy who I accidentally killed ran in front of the fire while shooting which guy was that do you recall their name? No, I don't remember that all right Any other details you want to add folks on tiktok and twitch can type guilty or innocent? Nothing else man. They want any other detail the paint the situation and you're in your All right, I'm gonna end this in and 10 seconds looks like you might survive this there's there we go Never mind. I didn't put 10 seconds Circus says you have been declared innocent by by the kind people watching sort of says please return to the players there All right, so it says what's your name? Here and one more time name here and And I thought I said that you're Karen, okay Okay, okay, okay, it's not okay good. I'm glad I double checked so Karen go ahead and what's what's your side of the story? So I was just shooting in the window and someone ran and jumped right in front of my billets You recall what that person's name was No, I don't know no What kind of bullets what's gonna we're using for your weapon? They're gonna have a Mahanda pistol you're using a pistol and they jump in front did you kill them with one bullet or multiple bullets? Yeah, I think it was one. Do you think what so one bullet killed this player that jumped in front of you? Yeah, yeah, they're head just go directly in front of your your gun Yeah, pretty much all right All right, so hang on who who here was killed like here and do you remember? I think it was me all right, what is your one is your what is your perspective? Did you not jump? No, I didn't jump I ran straight so But I didn't get shot by probably a hockey And Hockey how did you die did you jump? Wow you deserve to stay dead hockey that is for sure You have been deemed innocent so it says go back to the group all right Well, no, oh we only have well cast a good or dead All right, Swiftress says please follow me we're gonna walk by the dance floor once again Who does this first stop hang on? Just says please back up. Let's look at this mural over here together Yeah, oh what are you what are you thinking when you see the skeleton drinking a beer? He was a fun guy Think the alcohol is gonna just like this pour through his body. There was ribs there. Where's it going? It's all right Follow me follow me follow me. What is this freeze? To says you to says you you you you you sort of says all the guys on top of the equipment over here And I see that I think of James Bond's sir, which is please join me. I Didn't move you didn't move What does that say I swear I did that they move I was standing here though I was like he didn't move you told my him about a wall now he didn't know this guy right here No, he didn't he was all right All right, all right It might just says you four look at each other Swiftress says get ready. There's only one of you guys are gonna live Once I say Swiftress is once I say one single word in Spanish You'll begin firing I Come on man It's not over this to be left. Thank you Swiftress says follow me Hey, dry I appreciate that Swiftress says please step us stand in one of the two benches over here No one knows I corrumba It's a 90 90 90's I don't move if I don't stop moving then I'm gonna get pushed off I'm talking to stop Everybody just stop moving how about that? So I swear to God if I fall off Swiftress says three two one stop Swiftress stop Swiftress says if you were not standing on top of the bench, so just please make your way to the dance floor Oh Make your way over to the dance floor if you're not Swiftress if you're not standing on top of the bench make your way over God damn it. I got pushed off I was just a sir are you standing on the bench? Now you are but you weren't before so just get your butt over there Okay, great now so just look at the dance floor it's comprised of let's see one two three four 12 16 16 squares, which is each of you guys pick one square Ryuk meet your microphone forever So just as blah blah. Thank you So this is one player per square guys Bro, why is it so there you go All right, bridge out. Okay, great All right, let me get on the wall so I can properly coordinate this mini game All right, so Swiftress says you guys are all in the square Put this is for the remainder of the mini game only one player per square is allowed All right, you guys have 10 seconds anyone who's an x formation lives if you're not an x formation you die go nine Seven six five four three What it means All right, so it says the rest of you guys Form an x using these squares one player per square think about it. So just go ahead So just as form an x You're screwed there is one player there's one player not in the x Kill the one player is not in the x They didn't kill you Yeah What's your name Name please Violet hello violet all right about I'm gonna give you a chance to buy well Can you think of a shape to make that can be properly done with all the players in the dance floor not including me Yes, what shape a circle I got All right Okay, hang on hang on no worries. Oh, no worries Swiftress says everyone on the dance floor one player per per square So it says you're best make a circle So just go ahead All these squares right here circle One person per square make a circle How is that how you're screwed you're dead circle All these squares make a circle All right live yours I will let you judge is this an adequate circle using these squares To me personally, I believe this is more of a cube a three by three But perhaps you know you feel differently You know what you know if you like team 4 star in the sale saga all these grills make a circle. This is a pass It is a circle. Yes Oh my god that made my okay, okay, I feel all right All right, they really came through they really came through if you there they really came through all right All of you guys can can lap shoulder shoulder here congratulations you survived Just kidding, I'm gonna be guys gonna die at least All right, so it says now they've made the circle. It might as well some fun with it. So it says please Go into the circle forget the square stuff now to play a mini game of of rollet All right, a lot of first player to crouch will be in the middle killing people go ahead Just kidding Oh Rainbow you'll veteran sir So it says all of you guys on the on the on the benches Please stand on the wall so that you're safe relatively safe, which is as go ahead I don't know why all right back Nothing happened just refresh it's back. Yeah, it's back. Okay I stopped and restarted it there you go. All right. Anyway, that's okay. That's all right. We're good All right, Swiftress says we're still gonna play games. We just as make the circle nicer that you're down one player Move in a little bit more like that. That's fine. I'm gonna take a volunteer off the wall Swiftress says on the wall crotch if you have a controller Sirian, please oh Says d'arth meet your microphone forever. Thank you Talking to a toast. Oh my god, that's a potato Potato quality strikes again, all right Okay, great. So it just says let's see here. I'm gonna pick one person Come down You know what the first one of you guys crouching the stand will be it go Pretty good So it says you guys in the circle aim at the person that what is it meant one person that's crouching could be the person that'll execute one of you guys Oh Kind of oh There's sort of says what's your name over here? Oh game like a Dylan. Yep, so does Dylan come on down So does Dylan to the center of the circle? So does Dylan please take a moment to go into your controller settings temporarily set your sentence to meet the maximum and turn off your aim assist If you need any assistance, please let me know Right, so does Dylan please spin for me Perfect all right So does says first person is circled the crouch is gonna do me a favor Thank you so does what's your name Super knocks all right super knocks what does that super knocks you're gonna be the person that Tells a Dylan here to fire Just as Dylan you're super knocks a fire you will fire a one shot because super knocks go ahead man Fire Sort of says super knocks you will continue to tell them to do this until one player is dead so it just says continue fire Fire Fire fire fire fire fire Fire Fire Oh fire So does that stop? All right Congratulations, all right, sorry, I mean all right I'm pretty sure I set up the 50s so I know why they took so long whatever So does this congratulations you guys are completed the dance So does everyone please follow me everyone We're going inside So does says Dylan if you need to take a moment to adjust your settings back go ahead please Uh, sure, thanks. All right, so if it says there's a one just chill over here in this main hallway, you know Basque and the neon glory of the interior decorations Right, so this is you guys wait down here. I'm gonna be up there on the balcony. I'm good to go Excellent it changes the turn into flowers Yeah Great All right, I'm up here you guys down there Let's make sure this works So does this watch me Easy I need all of you guys to do that one shot go But just as come with me you're gonna volunteer to do something so does this follow me What's your name dude? God Yeah, it's stupid It's stupid No way bro That's stupid your challenge give me a little bit harder man But don't worry, you're a professional what you're gonna do is you're gonna start over here And you're gonna dolphin dive and land on that platform and one try if you don't you're gonna die So it just says do your best Hey, aren't your name say oh He got it good enough good enough good enough good job good job good job All right, so it just says you're more than else up over here, please show me on this platform There's no way I can show about that Half a piece of funk Oh, I do have faith but when it comes to park four challenges and stuff like this We're not doing that we're not doing that great Here we go all right, let me just double check this over here. I'm not pretty sure there's a way up over there If they use a deployable cover Really you stand on the lump under it. Yeah Oh, Phil Am It's not really I spot your meant to go up to that's what you guys really taking it upon yourself before it all Oh What else And what else what else want to go up there no get what does this get your ass back up over there Listen You say anybody up huh? I'm so confused Yes, you are absolutely All right, congratulations boys you guys made up there. I didn't say so to says though So this is a very tricky situation here, but you know, we're all very proud of you for succeeding in that challenge there It's what just says everyone else who's down here get behind this bar Almost fucked up But out that's why you was like all right It's what just says both of you guys have shown to be very skilled gamers. What does this both of you guys come in me? For a play a little game though I need to find out who the most skilled gamer is between both of you though Here is the rule when I give you guys the word These guys gonna shoot first the last person to get up there So this is both of you guys please come stand in the store we over here Like Here is the rule Once you'll feel like not have any audio come prove Yes, you will figure it out. So once we guys are on top of there. So if just says everyone else will kill the person who's not Uh-oh, so if just says ready set go Hey, he ran for you for you maturely my dude Yeah, can you tell I said what take your time rat take your time I don't think you did nothing you did on time I have a video That's unfortunate bait Yeah, man feels bad all right. I love you like a son, but I'm sorry, buddy No, literally when a swifter had his back turn and he said Swiftress says don't worry man. We're gonna get judged you to the line. We're gonna make this right Until then Swiftress says everyone please follow me Oh Yeah, this fame this this fence is no fun everyone follow me Oh It's okay. I never said Swiftress says stops which is us follow me. That's okay. Oh Right in the radio tower I don't know why you take ownership to that I'm killing some people which Swiftress doesn't simply follow me Oh my god, I had never panic so hard swift All right, Swiftress says everyone under the radio tower, please Sure about that shot. You must have got back your mama Wait, oh, what you all right, so it says come as close to the edge without leaving the radio tower If you don't forget the moment, there you go buddy I just wanted nice shot one less thumbnail shot, you know Looks pretty good to me free which is aim straight up So it just says fire three shots This sir please stop. I'm sorry. I have my controllers disconnecting and I'm trying to get it back on I was aiming straight up All right Swiftress says no problem man Swiftress says I'll let go of you guys on this wall over here Yep, right anywhere on the wall over here is good I need time to prepare Okay, let's see Get them to y'all make crimes for me. There's so much room You can do it there's a lot of room over there You can do it all good all right, so I've got some bad news. I need to kill three people to get my centric in How do we decide who dies? You want to die? Swiftress says what's your name? Zach two people there you go Two more people great all right last person crouch does Pretty good no one's gonna fall for that 345678912415 hang on I need to count over here produce properly three six nine twelve 15 Perfect 18 all right So it says first 17 people to crouch or safe It's visible to you guys are not crouching you know So just as look to your left and right please They think see mom What got glitched? You were just crouched out of the glitch I don't know my controller turned off You just turn around your control didn't turn off man you looked left and right what Hang on man, so it's not adding up here Swiftress says please please crouch You can do it you see here you go man you know how to do it Great Swiftress is both both of you come with me Yep, Swiftress come with me is this Maya? Swiftress Maya come on down All right, Swiftress both of you guys come with me Swiftress says This is gonna be a game where you guys probably die but maybe not Swiftress said need both of you guys to stand perfectly still over here in the center Swiftress says don't move at all it's burning now So Don't move Swiftress is just wait I'm gonna define a rule where you guys have the chance potentially live Swiftress says last person to stand is gonna be tribute Yeah, you you don't know what game while into yourself me Swiftress says come on down who are you? I want to volunteer oh Swiftress says look come with me scoop up scoop up Look man. Yep. Oh you got deer is you need to rescue these two players If the tag both of them and then run for your life once you've touched both of them you can you can escape There's a proximity mine near them So you gotta do is touch both of them and then survive So it says both of you once scoop it touches you guys you can run for your life Swiftress says begin one of your ready good luck You're about to die I would have kept my eye on him Unfortunately all right Swiftress says please return to the wall All right good news guys. I've got my century gun. Oh no everyone follow me. It's after you gun time. Hooray Yes I thought you said Swiftress says won't please follow me Oh my god my dumbass not here not here what You say why buddy All right, I'm gonna give you a fair shake. Let me just figure this out. Yes, here we go This is pretty good. All right. We're gonna call this the value of death funk Okay, so does this funk please for now to stand on top of this this truck bed. I'll get back to you Swiftress says everyone else please follow me over here Only a minute left we spent 45 minutes on this map. No way So just as funk you've been forgiven Swiftress has head to the group You're gonna you're gonna die anyway Swiftress says line up shoulder to shoulder A little shoulder shoulder shoulder shoulder All right, no worries. Let me talk Do we gotta go Swiftress says running only down this alleyway. So it says the first person to touch me wins the game go Need one day I got stuck on some Oh, I got it I All right, who is the homelander that died at me you won Was it was this Syrian Homelander who dove I saw it I was expecting he definitely got there. Yeah, but what was the rate It was Syrian. Yes, I confirm it's Syrian. Yeah, it was even ran in front of me. You piece of shit I died someone made a comment on YouTube that like whenever we don't pick on Syrian. He somehow wins the game Maybe it's true man. I'm simply too good You're supposed to die you're supposed to die so early in the game Yeah, she was supposed to die so it was free that Syrian wasn't hang on hang on was was anyone yeah, it was uh Yeah, it was me Who said who said it was me I was like I was running towards you and in fuck Syrian dove and you feel like I hate first you felt wrong bro Syrian Syrian in first. No, Syria. Syria got it first. All right. Do you know that was one