 What's up everyone welcome to the Valor playing Swiftress says just to when I say when I say Swiftress says for example Swiftress says around the yellow vehicle So if you were not aware and for should this map got the same treatment as that highway map from Montwerfer to where you can't blow up cards anymore So yeah fire fire bullets into the car All right last person in the car dies Tough lobby all right. Let's play hardball Swiftress has follow me You guys aren't gonna fall for my Might didn't say Swiftress says tricks no problem. I have a better idea Swiftress says if you can get on this vehicle without dying and stay on there It'll be safe for the next safe from the next mini game. Oh man talking this hard Carefully don't want to get pushed over and die To early to die Yeah, it's not safe over there. We have one player two players who are safe. No one player is safe. Oh fill off All right, here we go five four three two What Recipes head rate. I don't know. I don't want to risk it. So it says freeze Two people are dead rest in peace Jack is only person still standing on there. Congratulations Jack You are safe from this next next mini game. Swiftress says the rest of you guys please left shoulder shoulder in the sunlight right here You Great Cool. We have a little jumping competition Only for two of you though. Swiftress says Jack would you like to choose two players to participate in this competition? Yeah, yeah, got it. So does it go ahead choose two players to participate any two players only one of them will die Hmm Uh Remastered and Got in faithful all right fiefof remasters what just says come on over So just as please get on this vehicle Your job will be very simple. It's got to jump as far as you can Off this car down the street the person who jumps the furthest Lives of one who doesn't guys Um here are the rules obviously once you have jumped you can you can dolphin dive you want but after that no No more movement no controlling if you slide a bit that's fine So That's gonna win anywhere you want which just says you two begin And that vehicle that that could have counted as your jump there. That's your spot great and people All right, let's do some math here One for two for three foot All right, good job Remastered your reason you didn't dolphin dive there man or did it was that a failed dolphin dive I was thinking about it, but I thought I could do you yeah plenty of time think about it now great You guys are now out of the woods you guys just got slightly less dangerous minigame Swiftress says all of you guys get on top of this truck over here, please Which is the very top of the truck important for the minigame All right here is a deal it's gonna be an interactive minigame with a live audience So This is the back right This is the front I'm gonna turn around. I will not know which side you're on You guys will choose a side and then chat will vote for the back or front and whichever side has has the most votes You guys will have to kill one player on that side as a group All right, so it says no guys are not allowed to give any kind of commentary on what people choose Tim goes for a FIFA and jack you know what sort of FIFA jack you guys turn around to just to be safe All right, so it says you guys the truck choose a side front or back Okay today what am I what's wrong? Uh, let's see here. All right great. So it says you have three seconds to choose your choice three two one So it says freeze you guys run votes aren't up yet See your pole So it says if it says if anyone changes their side kill them You guys have locked in your choices All right, the folks watching on twitch tick-tock youtube are our poll our on-screen poll The ports is looking at all of you guys all your votes count So let me type front or back this poll will end in uh They've 15 more seconds Sometimes I'll see people watching the the replays on youtube participating in the polls I appreciate that but these unfortunately only work uh at the live streams We ever get the functionality to seem to the future to see what people voting the future say Well, definitely get that figured out. All right We'll also you know some lot of numbers. All right cool and ah the back Wow Which is as you guys can turn around over your jack FIFA All right, congratulations to uh chicken matte Accidents says you three can go join the two guys over there the safety land All right over here. Let's get some names because one of you guys will will be disappeared very shortly We got dark lord howling wolf SG and yeager So does this feel for to choose anyone player Now I only need one person to die but if more than one person dies, I'll be real. I don't care too much Kill them This lobby is kind of annoying They're very good listeners. We'll listen to this kill one player now Okay, I'm gonna keep on trying I'm gonna keep on trying SG man you're getting a little little twisty over there don't worry. I'm here man. I'm just thinking how to trick your guys I'm gonna get you guys to think that I'm saying to kill somebody but I'm not why I got it So just let's call them Not fun at all rest in peace dark lord. All right you three can join the safe players go Finally Finally howling wolf thank you man someone fell for one of my my tricks I think you know what the thank you. I'm gonna give you a very special finale. So just as howling wolf Please go set on the yellow car Oh Hang on my my daughter is in my office. She said for me to stop screaming so no more screaming All right come no more Okay, but besides everyone else, please lap shoulder to shoulder uh where you can see the yellow car Oh There these are all nice people They're about to do something that's not very nice though see there this is so about this is a video game. This is not real okay All right, so just as howling wolf any last words Yeah Yeah, I'm dead. Yeah, all right swiftest says Unfortunately, while this does make you complicit in video game more crimes So swiftest says when violence says fire You will unload on that yellow car Not yet not your valid not not yet not yet violet So all right Let's say fire You should have we're getting good lawyer. No, I'm supposed to shoot the vehicle not the guy. Yeah, what's that jack? All right, so what is this grease Okay, great uh unfortunately stuck in my lap for a while Yeah, all right, so just as look at the billboard over here with the uh with the music symbols Yeah, she's breaking stuff. Okay, all right, so it just says crotch if you're familiar with you know, uh how to read uh read musical notes There we go chicken does So does this chicken do you play any instruments? No You could actually read those though. How do you how do you know how to read them out of curiosity? I don't know it's like two quarter notes a couple eighth notes and a third eighth note What the hell man? I don't even know that all right great uh swifter says please stand up You're good. We won't do anything too fancy them great All right, so after says when I say the number of musical notes On that billboard you'll learn and just as you jump on top of this blue van over here. It's so simple Fire 10 Well, I go go talk to mom Man five times today she's been breaking stuff Yeah, you're how many musical notes are up there man? Four All right, so does vague yogurt take out your gun? It's coming me Was the eager please fire at no number one All right, so does this fired no number two You Sir So does this do it? I said I said it Sort of said you're to do everything I tell you to do All right fire yet number two number three Number four What's that over there in the far left That's the trouble cleft that's the cursor on what's uh if it's based cleft or trouble cleft high notes or low notes It's an indication not a natural note. Oh, shit. I think he might be listen. I'm with you man, but the top right is No, it's no way double note. It's a double note. What's the bottom right? There's a man who's nervous when someone starts unsubbing for me Everyone everyone is following me forget it. Oh, no, man again follow me Lobby Actually hang on hey um, can I get your helper for a second? I want my wife like five instruments or whatever Okay, you don't think me on camera if you don't want to you see this musical notes over here, right? All right um How many musical notes do that one of the top rise up one musical note or two? How many musical notes is that Yeah, this one right here at the top top right it's two You Yeager I got some bad news man You know how they say happy wife happy life No, because I'm not that lucky. So it's a lot Thank you mom Erio all right, like there you at least not gonna blame her anyways, please follow me Ha ha ha Look, I don't know this is why I get for trying to do many games around stuff. I don't know you know, it's a It's a poor lesson learned All right, great we have that many players left. That's a good thing. It's a good thing Ah here we go. This is what I want to be all right, so it is welcome to the bus stop I see one two three or cars So just please back up while I explore how dangerous this is It's very dangerous Okay, all right Okay, great. So it says there are four cars over here Well someone just dropped like a bus lane gift subs was that Savage monster man 25 gift subs You mad man. Thank you, dude. All right, so Rainbow colors we can't right now. I need to Well, I need to I need to have fun with my friends here So while you see everyone here is my friend Until they they can't play anymore than they're no my friend anymore. I think all right, so like I was saying Your jobs will be to start on top of this vehicle and And hop to the or this car you can then escape alive Not you've all it not yet when you're older. All right, so Um Swift says the last person crouch will demonstrate Remember when I said why not before I'll just do it again Two of you guys before All right, two players. Okay, sure. We'll do you guys will go we have Matt and we have FIFA Okay, pull off right this I really should not be doing this. Okay So does FIFA you have it go ahead and give it a start One two three You did it great. So does says Matt your turn One two Hmm you touch only two cars just you know Don't worry, baby. So we'll only touch one card I don't want Damn boy, thank you very much, man. All right, so does says the rest of you guys former single file line and the order you wish to go all you gotta do is as touch as many cars you can while getting out alive All right, so does the accident go for it One two three Three, all right, so does Jack go for it? Two three Oh All right, so does this trick and go for it? One two three No, Jack! Oh Vile you kicked my hand camera work over there's gonna be terrible to work with all right All right, oh all right, so does SG go for it? Oh, no, oh no All right, you did it. Okay, so unfortunately Matt Don't Matt you have a chance you have a chance to come back So does Matt if you can touch all four cars and come back you will be forgiven That's right. Yeah, we're giving with chance All right, so okay hang on I want to explain this to my daughter So about look this is Matt Matt has to touch all four of these cars, but it's very dangerous to say the green it's very dangerous out there So you guys to come back fast after he goes The switch says Matt good luck One two three four Hey, man, you want to run out of this? All right, back there's rejoined just please give us a Spectacular exit doesn't begin All right Hey a little further so far chicken for further scorps Oh Oh, what the I don't know what that was you just got flung An appeal the whole letter could fight Pretty good second place there All right nice jack definitely good distance no physics though That's that having luck with that one, huh? All right great. Thank you guys for your for your your cooperation All right, if three players left, let's get this finale go and we have an axe or an sg and fiefus Which is as you three please follow me Just says you three central or shoulder All right, first person to open this fridge is safe from the game go Of course you can't open that fridge follow me So just as follow me up here You have a little bit more park war fun so continue to follow me please I got it just follow me I know what I want to do Here's your here's your job guys. Ah Thank you very much for that forever gonna pause that all right, so Um, I'm gonna be down there in the alley You guys be jumping from this rooftop Back or we can jump back and forth the most times Will be the winner here's the catch I'll be flowering at you All right, I'll only be shooting at you. I have no aim assist always shooting at you when you're like, you know Center here All right Which is as ghosts if you can help me count each player is uh Opps that appreciate all right, so for says begin Oh kills yet one hop for each of you guys two hops and now the game begins All right sg that's done for you Oh You jumped down your action very confidently, but you still need more jumps than everyone else You'd we have a count whoa Your run is over all right, so was anyone able to get me a tally? So what does the action? Please follow me? You've got a bunch of them men Was anyone able to get me a towel? Do you guys have a count of me time to jump? Keep the head nine Actrix and also had nine oh Oh Well if that is case, then actually you do when you're you'll surround longest so do you actually what's your shout out men I don't have one but thanks for the games man. I'll pleasure. Have you man do you? See him looking for you getting the larger lobbies back but that you know it's a little fun match. You know that'll be good Yeah, do you guys congrats actor