 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says we're back on Turok what a fun map. So it says get inside here The whiffress says we can't get inside. I have another really fun mini game. It's called not being alive anymore Oh I'm not my screen Good job. Good job. So stop everyone made it in if it if it 31 players in this tiny little clown car of a shit over here Good job All right next challenge to your west there was a small wall if you don't get top of this wall you die go So just stop You're gonna have to say you and you please sort of just get on top this wall. I did not say Swiftress says so bad things are gonna happen All right, so it says both of you guys. Let's do some math If two of you are up over here and I'm here and this is a full 32 player game. So it says how many players are are over here Come on. It's easy maps 32 32 minus 3 what is 32 minus 3 quick mobs? 29 there we go great great right all right Swiftress says now up over here two of you right Swiftress says show me two two minus one Just million the stars fluid has got pointed at you is like no this feels wrong and then you sliced them Okay, great All right stop push shot. I like all right Swiftress says everyone please follow me Yeah, I got moved out Completely fake about many people in my chakdo Swiftress says everyone please sit down in this tick Anyone in the tech is okay Bro, I'm just waiting for them to announce that that quality is the next call to use me part of game pass I bet you it is I bet you that I bet you the new quality but you the new black ops will be part of game pass I'm part of it. It will be it absolutely will be I just want to Look then games pass money sometimes you know just wait It's just not worth the money at this point then you can spend your money on hookers Okay, and do your thing. So it says looks straight up very hard That's very hard on my don't do those things Okay Swiftress says fire one bullet Swiftress says jump and fire one bullet Jumping fire two bullets Now the now the absolute tragic part is oh we got actually could caught was a guy with the right shielded a knife in his hand That didn't fire a bullet so it just says sir come on down What's your name Name please Oh No microphone. Oh, it's okay. We have another way to figure out your names. What does this follow me? Calderia Okay, there we go. There we go. There we go All right, XC came in here ready to you know very defensive very have the melee and you got the shield So it doesn't like you to use that shield to stay alive. So it says look at your teammates But it says you can stay anywhere on this card like You can use your shield anyway. You'd like to want to crouch you want to whatever your job is to survive All right, Swiftress says everyone on the tank Swiftress is using bullets only when I say go Uh when I say go you'll have three seconds of fire bullets at at caldera Swiftress is you can look down by the way Yeah, this is looking around find caldera. He's the one on the truck. He's not the one on the floor I think I'm about to die I'm just staying the tank Flush Don't worry guys. Don't worry. I will help you all right Be clear if you kill someone on the tank by mistake you will also die So only take the shot if you have a very clear safe shot Also I recommend arch Swiftress is everyone get on the tank Get on the tack there you can do it there we go all right. So just pick your position Swiftress is free. So there we go. There we go. All right All right, so three got more time caldera you can go anywhere on top that truck you want to stay alive You got that shield. I have a feeling you'll be you'll be okay Everyone on the tank you're gonna be able to fire as many shots as you want until I say stop Swiftress says go Swiftress says stop Jay they tried mainly in from 50 feet away So does this Jay come on down Oh No worries listen man. I'm look. I understand. That was a mistake Shadow credo If you believe it was a mistake I'll send them back to the tank sort of shout credo. Do you want them to do you forgive them or no? It looked like mistake go ahead You forgive him. Wow. Yeah, actually it's not the kill. So it says Jay had back to tech. He's forgiven you So it says shout credo. Please rejoin the game Man look at that shut a shining example of kindness and compassion. Let's end that right now. Swiftress says come with me Swiftress says lap to little shoulder That was hard warming for half a second. I'm already bored of it. Here we go. Yeah Sorry guys All right, Swiftress says make sure you're standing up Thank you Great All right, let me think of a game. I don't want to make people to die yet It's like I have a fear out of game mode. We're like only a few people die I got put the gun in a way All right, here's how the game's gonna work Before I said everywhere on the tank Is safe That's not the case tomorrow the only place that are safe now are the tank barrel here and the very top of it. What's this part of the tank called? Uh Just call it that's all It sounds good. It sounds right there. Yeah, tank turret is only place that safe All right, so these are only spots that are safe With that said if you don't fit on there you play a dangerous game go What is this for you And you head on top of the tank. Switch this go All right, remember don't do anything I say seven says just don't do it don't say switch says don't do it Great last time only only killed one person This time both of you guys will die switch says unload They're dead guys. Thank you. All right Great Barrel what I what I call it anyway Terrible no, but anyway whatever all right switch says jump once Jump twice Good last person crouch dies All right switch says first person crouch does Okay Oh What's your name Oh, so what's your name? Uh, Camden. Camden. Camden All right, so does everyone say hello to Camden. Let's say hello So why are you following me so does this come stand over here. You trying to get me killed Okay, let's try that again. So does everyone use your words. So does say hi Camden Hi All right, so let's say bye Camden I think he's dead I think he said you see him move him All right someone in chat. Let me see here sleepy so sleepy someone says why is he doing the surrender's vertical Ask your days came and see you kill to Honestly, the reason I'm vertical on YouTube is because the viewership is much better than horizontal The plan going forward and hopefully the near future will be to have both vertical and horizontal on the same channel That'll be my my my repurposed swift or live channel I'll post a full video explaining the transition a little bit later. If anyone is already a paid member on my YouTube I don't worry about it. I'll be regifting you your membership At a time. So don't worry about it Thank you much. I'll have more of more in that next week when I'm mean a back to my normal schedule. Great. Where were we kill each other? I'm just a lot. Oh, he swapped you up real fast there Just try to switch the switch is look at the person next to you Great Swiftress is jump Swiftress says look down Swiftress says look up Swiftress is looking for you Let's just look at the person in front of you. No, not me. Sorry. There you go So just a scrouch Swiftress says killer space please come over How'd you kill the how'd you kill the guy like two people away from you? That's a little weird All right, so just please everyone look at killer space She happens no worries, man. Just look my job is a trick you that was intentional Oh, if anything you should be angry at me not angry. How? Anyway, I need everyone's help here to help me make a name change Swiftress says let's change killer space to kill space Right So stop All right, all right, okay, let's move on all right everyone on top of this uh patty over here Hi Yeah, excuse that the execution So just please stand over here Other person shadow I actually need I need some kills get to get my My uh, I kill streaks Oh, I need some I need I just realized I'm letting you guys do all the killing Which is so fun, but like I need kill streaks so I need to kill some people All right, Swiftress says makes your crotch There you can double check if you want sure work this is out All right, great Swiftress says last person to stand does Oh shit I can bro No snitching man, but yes left left Swiftress, please join me over here What's your name? The right time man Oh, sorry, your name one more time Is that a clot? A dark lord Dark lord, I'm gonna give you an opportunity to live You have two choices One You tell a joke to try making me laugh I don't recommend it I've got like no sense of humor. I'm pretty boring Our number two You can you can blow my mind with a fun fact. I wasn't aware of it Of a true fact Would you like to take me up on either of those you can also say no there's a third option You're number 10 Oh, I think no Swiftress doesn't load Oh, I thought you were gonna kill That's so many facts about Swiftress No problem No problem No problem Let's let's you know that was my mistake I was supposed to kill my more kind of my kill streaks here All right, let's try this again Last person crouch those the challenge Chill chill chill chill chill chill chill Wait What was this? Oh my god, I was gonna fall Is this is this one? Yeah, I think this one Oh look at this guy I'm gonna say stand back up fuck Oh no, look he's trying to juggle work and playing Which is a terrible idea by the way, but it's okay I don't recommend it This is Turok on Monwarfare 2 We're on Monwarfare 2 because Monwarfare 3 since season 1 Yes, so we're two months ago since season 1 Monwarfare 3 has been broken with 13 players I do not think it'll ever be fixed All right Great Been here for a while it's time for bad things to happen Not for good Oh no All right, Swiftress says freeze Uh oh You are not a lot to move from your current spot Fuck it Let me explain how this is gonna work Oh boy You will either have you can you have get you've got one shot You're gonna look either left or right And you better be looking into someone's eyes You only get one shot If you look to the left you're looking at someone's back as someone said Just that's it you freeze Let's switch to something to yourself You look to the left or right If you are at the end of the line You really have one choice So you better hope that the person next to you You know is on the same wavelength All right Swiftress says turn left or right now and lock in So does this freeze There we go Wooo All right, no no changes No, no changes Thank you Terriant Thanks you Swiftress says please join me out there You have no partner You're real Shut up, decarlo Swiftress says No partner Join me out there So does this go My partner says go out there Thank you Shout out to decoy, la man Yep, so does this go out there Yep Swiftress says sir Up there Oh, a Jesus Swiftress says sir You're screwed over Out there please Hang on, so does this what's your name Game free Game free, you screwed that guy over to see you know All right He was relying on you Already knew it Okay All right, we're gonna play a game here Called Penetration But if I were single bullet I'm gonna fly a single bullet Let him face the rolls All right I'm gonna fire a single bullet Through all of you guys Now the question is maybe the guys at the end Are more likely to live So it just says make a line That's shoulder to shoulder And I'm gonna randomly choose one side to find the bullet Oh, shoulder is shoulder Now like we walk in front of each other Yeah, so it just says you guys can watch Yeah, you can watch Yeah, why not Oh, thank you You see back when they die No, I have a very strict rule of my community You're now out of tea bag each other I find it very Tea bag right No, I know all you want I don't like it I don't like it I don't like it You should be over here I don't like it All right great, this is your line Great All right, so It's slightly possible that the bullet might go through All of you guys But It also might just stop at some point Or maybe it'll glitch out and pass one of you guys It's happened before So So it just says for ease I don't understand this game There we go I don't know why you two survive But that's how it works What What It's fucking right Wait a minute Wait a minute Wait a minute I don't know Jesus is moving I don't Jesus is moving Man Jesus is moving Thank you guys Jesus is moving Jesus is moving Jesus is moving No So if it says you two survive You're going back into the lot Congratulations The game just inside you live Yeah, look I don't know I don't look I don't This line of the game works That's the magic bullet It's not It's better I have even better news I've earned my My centritory Who just says Who just says if you're happy to hear this jump up and down There we go So it just says When jumping up and down get behind me You were in jumping Were you jumping The folks There was like three people maximum jumping But there was like three people maximum My definitely jumped I jumped like twice Swiftress doesn't want to follow me for you Okay, it was No, what about a mistake anyway The game was too dangerous It was too dangerous There's a live video here you go Welcome Yeah, it was It was too dangerous of a game I was going to reward the people who were happy about it It's too late It works Yeah, though Maybe I won the game Okay Let's All right, we did a Yes, you actually won the mini game It's up on tic-tac now by the way Where people ran And circles on the center turret And most people died I feel like this How much sort of this is Crouch of your part of that mini game yesterday Some of you guys were Yeah I feel you guys were There we go Great Listen All right I feel like some more I feel like you guys need some more training So if there's another one left Should I shoulder over here No No, no, don't worry Training means You're not going to get hurt I think All right, so All right So Swiftress is pretend This is a center turret This tree over here All right As practice Try and run I found you should do the folks that Who ran the Tied a circle around the center turret Live the longest So go ahead practice Running around this tree As tightly as you can go All right Just this freeze Swiftress doesn't load He's dead Just have to shoot Just have to shoot Shotgun a little bit more That's a very nice tree Okay then Fortunately the game you're pulling To be much more dangerous Game it takes me a second here All right on top of this Grave stone Is a proxy me mine Is it an angle So I don't know how this is going to work out Well I'm in screen shot I like this one I'm in a screen shot This is actually going to be cool It looks like it I like it This is uh Pinky It's like like a hat Oh the grace Like a last Yes like the side hat I actually don't know how to take a screen shot Oh well Oh okay I forget it Uh anyway So the goal will be Everyone has to Stand on a Grave stone If you don't stand on a Grave stone I'm going to make you play the center turret game Any grace throw has to be a next area It has to be this area Yes it could be over here The Look when I say Oh sorry Like like the head of a grade is still like Like this counts The small the small the small one So count only the big ones All right there is like Oh what do you got Yeah this one doesn't count Let's talk the tall rounded ones I'm not in this industry So I don't know what they're actually called Tombstones Larger tombstones Anyway You could take your time if you want You could wait for the people to go there and die But I will say this If you don't fit on a tombstone You're playing the other game Swiftress says you can try and go there safely You can go into prone to get there You just have to be on top of a tombstone And people who aren't on top We'll play the dangerous mini game Swiftress says go Good luck He's from the knocking end We've got a lot of people gone Why have I gone the same grave as bandage Oh yeah Yeah we're too close man Yeah we're too close Whoa I was on that grave So all right Tombstone or whatever All right good job No I'm too close to West Mute All right as promised No one's playing the centricon You know Mini game I had planned for you guys That's fine Yay All right we're playing a new game Called Corpse Delivery I like corpse And make a failure I'm going to kill him Corpse is the freak All right this is what What's the vehicle that All right Swiftress says Sir please jump on the centricon Or this says this Wilson Thank you Don't fall off He's definitely going to pull off Hang on No I'm transporting you guys He's the sh** Yeah And you're else What's there Swiftress says You or I band it Jump on Swiftress jump on Great just just don't fall off This is your personal Uber system here I'm taking you to the new graveyard What the Sorry All right so just says Get on the grave I want to be next All right And turn And turn This This this Delivery system is not very efficient I guess a better way might be for you guys To walk and get on themselves Swiftress says the new safe tombstones are on this side Go You know sometimes you gotta try New transportation methods See what works That was actually a screw down there Sorry Sorry It's not going to let me off No intentional but I got a hip marker from that I don't know how I didn't know What the hell Wow There are way There's too many tombstones or too few people Let's go with too many tombstones All right great Next mini-game Swiftress says everyone follow me You guys will not like this one I apologize in advance Toress says off the wealth for a moment You gotta hold it on to me Oh You gotta hold it on to me Toress back off please Thank you I'm going to throw down my uh My my my cure packages And you guys will simply have to get on the well That's it Toress says get on the well Go Good luck Don't come We call me Are you crazy What's your gun die All right there we go Don't get off Don't get off Don't get off the well That's fairly close No You deserve that You said They clear the same I'm sure They say you deserve that The dude ran off to try to come back on It deserved it That's not the shot I accidentally ran off I definitely sacrificed myself Why is that bottom work for 2019 What um you can jump on them as it's fall You can do Maybe all right Swiftress says it like all five of you to be on top Like this guy over here You this guy has to move over Swiftress move over let them on How did you All right there we go Swiftress moves to the center I want any and everyone on top of this game to work Well game I don't know I haven't figured it out yet I'll be like you Don't have to be This Vanguard No this is You know I think Vanguard is the call of duty Well It's not true People who's been watching my Vanguard games I think I just didn't like the color scheme of it I had like fixed customs they're fine The customs and the words They would elaze the cotton with us I mean we All right let's see here All right Swiftress says jump once Jump twice Swiftress says crouch Last person to stand crouch Swiftress says first person to stand does Which is this please Run the game Swiftress a stand up All right Swiftress says first person to stand dies Swiftress says crouch I didn't know if you were Eyes on me man just keep your eyes on me you're very curious about your surroundings All right I lied about the old century gun thing Yes Hey man Jay please move your microphone I'm getting echo from you Oh Oh, I won't fit on here that is tragic Wait I think I had a spot Yes All right Let's go over the rules Swiftress says the first person to climb up Swiftress says the moment I put this down Climb over this wall That's it That's the only rule I had I had the spot guns here All right good luck All right hang on Swiftress is listening closely the second I put this down Swiftress is you can go corner over that wall Two close to another Wait I didn't put it down I didn't put it down Swiftress get back over here You hold against Let's in front of the sound I saw the Oh okay okay Swiftress let's go Oh no That's the state of the play It's not should be All right okay don't worry there's still three people alive listen guys Yeah and that's out of the wall it's not safe over here sir not safe Your job will be the jump over that wall again and get to me So this is the first person to jump over that wall get to me and stab me wins the entire game So this is begin you must jump over the wall there we go Serious No mental look look at this I would have won You would have won you murdered you murdered the other player sirion what is happening I jumped on melee I jumped on melee I jumped on melee Swiftress is asking kill sirion SM you are the winner all right he's dead All right SM what's your shout out Shout to you shout to the community is so much fun playing these games Subscribe to great gamer 05 on YouTube and the other side All right awesome I can grab the win fun game guys GG If you want to join our games just join our discord and we can join and we can try and join in We have a great system to get players in the game Just search here to google for Swift or discord and jump in happy to see you guys there