 One two three four five. Don't just says everyone choose one chip to stand inside Pick wisely To get the Southwest Southeast Northeast Northwest you have the center All right, we must be inside one of them great You know people lift the center really you guys apparently sort of says freeze great now Here's what's gonna happen a lot of you are going to die if Chat no if chat decides to choose yours so it's not for a poll Oh, no There yeah, so I'd like everyone watching the stream right now wherever you're watching it Work type center any SE and WSW it sounds you know the stuff I just said oh and There's a stone move still you are and if you are in the segment You will fight everyone else in that segment with you Give us another five seconds It's gonna be I mean Use the corner of your is to figure out your location. Yeah, I use your compass I believe all right and the winner of that one was was a pay attention the center all right everyone was not the center going to prone You're not in the center going to prone If you're not in the split percent if you're not in center going to proud you're right you're right you're right you are correct Yeah, you are correct everyone else should have died, but we're doing that all right you two though kill each other Let's kill each other Great great says orange bandit weight outside You can't motor a All right great all right switch says everyone else stand up sign for another vote This time center is done Do not change your location all right it's vote number two All right folks vote which section should next have a duel to the death Which one should it be Northeast Southwest Northwest Southeast place your vote could change your vote And the winner is Or at least all right no no no All right, so you guys in this corner You guys will be we'll be duking now surely what is everyone else go into prone All right, sir sir your in with peace sir you are you are you are You know what the sun is a sun west no To says you guys the Northeast must remain standing all right only you five kill each other No All right Left here we go No, no you know you're the content congratulations Let's see who learns How is that cheating they just we lost all right vote for the next quadrant to you to be challenged All right, it's a close one between southeast Southwest Northwest All right southeast your next south from the southeast guys stand up All right you guys it's not gonna be a cool kill each other thing I'm also not gonna try and trick you guys the false command All right, that's already been done Let me count what it says among you guys count give me a count how many players are you guys in this quadrant counted? Three six I believe in nine nine Yeah, that sounds right all right guess Yep, nine All right, great, so if there says When I give the next time I say to odd number I Want that many players left in that quadrant or everyone dies got it So if there says one more time to if there says when I say an odd number I Want that number of people are manning that quadrant Nobody be bloodlusty says no more discussion now time to use your listening skills and your math skills All right 12 six Zero Nine Unfortunately, they're already none of you guys and there's not You said one earlier by accident swifter says Sorta says if you didn't kill somebody go into prone Wawa wawa wawa wawa hang on No, okay, no, no the guy the second kill was the kill that killed the guy that killed me So the guy that killed great, okay, just that guy. All right kill the guy standing up Unload All right good job. All right you guys survived your challenge. All right. We only have southwest and north west remaining You guys are almost out of this jigsaw nonsense. You're almost out. You're almost out. Oh Yeah, everyone in that quadrant can now leave the room go ahead Oh, just says you too You goofed So just as the rest of you guys actually can go ahead You're almost out of it Oh, man brutal. I know I know Few more quads guys. We'll have to do survive southwest For the south that I messed this up Southwest northwest Yeah, I got it. This is correct both southwest All right, northwest one congratulations. What does northwest stand up Which one That's you guys. Yeah, sorry you guys there we go great. It was what six of you guys Piece okay This one's gonna be simple division we're gonna turn six into three. I just want three people left But you know that the I'll be triggering it with uh some um Oh, yeah, I got it When I sort of says when I say any wonders of the world, you know, they they're seven wonders of the world By say any of the seven wonders of the world You will then commence removing three players from your group total So there's more than three or less than three you guys have failed All right, you guys have all heard of the seven wonders of the world. I'm just gonna look it up So I don't screw it up All right, here we go. So if you hear any one of them You begin uh Begin doing it all right here. We got got all my rows here we go easy. All right first empire state building So just as please remain your quadrant sir It's no fun if you're running around Let's see here nag reforms Antarctica Almanos pizza Fortnite The Taj Mahal Casino in Las Vegas macho nachos All right, get ready guys it's about that this is about to turn into a coliseum over here The coliseum is not a wonder it's not a seven wonder I think it is it's on the list on on this website. So yes I'm going on this random website. I googled it. It's correct So it says you three you've six out you've succeeded go ahead I should know that one of the seven is Niagara Falls not one Oh god no Maybe a wonder why you'll buy for souvenirs from there You have the hardest challenge of all the southwest It's really simple Oh, I can't see him the tip when the seven wonders of the modern I will let's go shit I just had a bad feeling All right, look there's a poll on the screen folks gonna vote between peace and violence if peace wins you guys all walk out please If violence wins you guys will have only one person surviving this is a if the people watching want the I'm sure you guys Peace Super says you will not act you will not act until I give you the word. Let's see how this turns out again There's actually there's actually it's actually pretty close You We're in here. I'm voting peep 52.6% of people who participated Yes, shows violence All right, kill each other go ahead Hey guys are good We're gonna do another another little minigame to trigger this game. All right Toftas says all of you guys stand up Oh, there's a guy who just says you guys can position yourselves anywhere you want within your your segment All right, all right, so get ready for this minigame is gonna be All right, so if just says you can start soon the other players once you leave the room go No wait wow Wow No survivors this is the last guy So Yeah, that's correct. No, you left the room. You shot them. That's correct All right, so if just says is there anyone else? So if you were part of that Southwest segment come forward You two oh congratulations you two you left the room and you shot most of the people Uh that that we're in the room, but you didn't shoot all of them I'll wait Thank you You used melee but I you understood all right great congratulations guys Softas says everyone please follow me You guys didn't finish the job you didn't finish the job you should really kill the other players Once you leave the room. This is gonna left the room doesn't mean they're safe Yeah, yeah, so it just says everyone backs to a wall It's like that one Oh, I didn't say someone was coming flying from doll Super nox All right cool Oh, you never went to New York I'm not done thanks to the courtesy laughter. It wasn't very funny. All right, so if just says jump once let's make sure you're there That a jump So if it says jump once if you're here All right Pratch once if you know what your crotch button is All right, we have what a whole nine players remaining That last mini game I thought was pretty fun to give me a little bit hard to top so I gotta put my thinking hat on Imagine everything hat every every day have your your teachers then school like put on your thinking cap When your imaginary hat that'll make you think better Um, softas says look to your right No, no my right my right Cool Softas says last person to crouch dies I Will you over there a little hard to tell let's try it again With door says last person to stand dies Ah Softas says you come on out Oh, don't worry man don't worry. I you know, I say die, but when I say die I just mean like you will die eventually doesn't mean you can die right now. So does everyone look at him? Yes Softy bad I'm at now. Softas says kill him Great there are now equal number of players so it just says without What does look at me? Bro, you're trying to you're trying to get ready for my mini game, aren't you? All right, this one you only get one One shot one shot you will look either left or right and either looking at someone's eyes someone's eyes or you're not Okay Okay, this one you will need to find a partner that's looking you in the eyes with one turn you don't get the switch you switch you die Three to one switch says look now All right boys, we got two without partners. Softas says you and softas says you come on out Get turned It's a little hard to look at everybody in the sewer when I was following the rules. So you two kill each other Oh Alexa it's gonna be in your it's gonna be in your your apartment inventory All right, anyway Great Six people remaining make it three Softas says I'm glad you didn't do that because I got my sentry turret. We don't want to waste that Swift or says please follow me Oh, wait for all of you guys watching if you want to join in Join our discord server discord.gge 4xS5 or I will spam you with when I'm live I'll spam you with when I want your money. I'm gonna spam you with when I need hair donations I need blood when I need organs Speed there for me guys is it too much to ask your organs join our discord server Softas says we're back now at the at the at the junkyard All right, this is gonna be another escape mission But says all six of you Come back here. Who just let's come back here Oh All right, let's give me a little bit of a race Last two living players to exit through the front door When I give the word you don't want to be there trust me We'll die that means if two people die from my traps and four people get out the last two people will die I'm gonna put down one proximity mine and one sentry turret over there somewhere Softas says I'll suggest you guys stand behind this thing And the event only two people make that alive will play a different mini game The only one person makes that alive they win So step one I'll be completely transparent Is going to be a proximity mine right Over there to my right and beyond that one What Or says I would go into prone now the turret will be right in front of me over here You have until the century expires to get past Entry way over here you must go through the junkyard The spirit of the game is you guys run through the junkyard going from like you know Defense and offense and not die the last two people come out alive will die Softas says you guys back there are absolutely gonna get murdered anyway. I warned you. Softas says Good luck Oh smart Um, softas says stop All right hang on Softas says you were last and Where is the other one? Right there. This guy literally just came out when you turned around when you turned around he came out. Well, I'll switch to just kill him And he was the other one second the last second the last There's one the black helps it This one is on me Softas says kill them No Why are you guys so shy? I thought that he said thank you. There we go. Oh last two people will have to come through You were one of the last two this guy almost made me ruin it. All right. Congratulations on being so gosh darn smart Next one's gonna be a little bit more dangerous Softas says take cover Softas says same mini game first two to get go over here alive survived. Softas says go Oh First two Softas says freeze You dead and Sorry trying to get this guy killed You're dead all right our five two players are Wow, Bullahdini and Lightning they have no blood on their hands Great Softas says destroy the turret Good job All right for this next mini game will be another race Here's all the race is gonna work You guys here's all the work My my wheelsome is gonna get a head start it's gonna start driving away Once you're in top of the wheelsome you will be able to shoot the other player Yes Softas says both of you guys freeze you can't start yet When I switch it when I say switcher says go you can you can begin Solid copy deploying Wilson transferring fire control Softas says Go Congratulations Lightning you win Yeah, yeah congratulations. Did what's your shoutout man? Shouted to you man for hosting this game that is super nice for you man my ego is big enough as it is So how about someone else? Who do you appreciate in your life? Uh my ego is also big so oh wow shout out into myself The woman but it's paid to one of your games and winning yeah there we go man way to go did well deserved Complete the ego. It's hard to win this game Copy that sender three wheels and lost power battery depleted Any day now Brush bang All right great game guys GG