 What is up everyone welcome the swifter says it's assignment says in college you do what I say when I say swifter says for example Swifters as everyone on this roof top right here where most pobles on this consolidate our players Let us consolidate There we go and winds up there almost everyone's up there make your way There we go says we have most players on a single rooftop in this little marketplace. That's great I'm on a much small rooftop over here If you can't find this rooftop you're in trouble good luck ten seconds ten nine eight. Oh Hang on So to scare a trope come on over No, I got two friends to join whoa I have three friends to join you. There's rocket server come on over new moon come on over and Other homeland or guy come on over sorry forgot your name Swifter says person who's just murdered in cold blood Where they go oh, Tasmanian has mania how do you feel right now man? Feel bad right you You feel wronged Yeah, you feel like injustice is taking place Yeah, should the person who murdered you die That's your choice. Oh, oh, I like that answer. I thought you're gonna say so I was I was gonna tell him it's not your choice. It's mine. Oh, wow. That was good. Oh, wow Sorry, man. You look have no choice if you gave me the perfect answer. Whoa, you're dead. Maybe all of you guys are actually So just a scare crow go back. It's not your time Oh Let me see your new moon you know what so just a new moon. It's not your time go back I will kill you Homelander it is also not your time please go back Swifter says go back The couple those guys are a little Little misbehaving All right, that wasn't me What Did that How to put it away what a great start to the episode all right sir, so what the man you killed another player what happened man I actually didn't me but it's not me the button I'm gonna take five steps back from you now next So you feel bad about what happened? Yes, are you gonna make up for it? I Say sorry You're gonna sacrifice your life to make up for that is very nice view to say sir Swiftress says follow me. Oh That's what I heard that's what that's what we What do you think sing sorry means as what does it means you die? So it says continue to follow me don't worry. You have a chance to live we've done this before don't worry the last time Listen, there's a tree blocking their vision over here You're a little bit cooking grenades all you got to do you just can't pass here Or here I recommend you go into prone you just have to go somewhere you have to survive back here I don't know what they brought with them. They probably all have proximity minds. I bet you're okay Which says what I just hide behind this barrier and we'll get to see you Great wait, so if this says when you're ready for them to throw their lethal's over there Oh, no say baloney Thirties as when he says baloney throw your lethal's over there Major pain got it, but don't worry with another contest another volunteer No, no hang on hang on I don't know what that was Wait No, no Your nan loves it hang on hang on guys hang on I have two questions number one Snap early dogs, which says come on down Number two, which is says your dad loves it come on down. So just come on down He's not actually in the game That's your proxy my Services One more time your dad loves it come to this platform. So it says you have five seconds five Or he's not actually in the game Swift rejoins he joins my lobby and coming when someone obviously left So you join your lobby off you and killed you to take your place Bro Bro that is actually very elite how did he do this man? He replaced you always how did he join I don't get how we join if you're for you friends Bro he replaced you that's okay. That's okay. Don't worry. I've got a solution. All right, so it says everyone stand up So it says on that platform so it says you guys will kill the last person to go into front So does this go into front kill the last person go into front We found them All right, so it says please It says your man you may rejoin the game immediately after you let your friend know Did not join you all right great All right, oh yes, sir You also murdered a person by mistake what happened man I was trying to throw a flash grenade and accident press l2 versus l1 That's like me pressing that's like me pressing like right left click instead of right click by mistake, right? Yes, okay So it says who did you kill? Was it it was diligent no was it dorky Yes, there's this dorky you he killed you right Yeah, there we got like that. I think it was very indignified. Yes, he killed me Now you saw what happened to who our friend uh Thriller you're over there. Do you feel like you should do the same challenge? Yes The problem is they've all used their their uh the lethal's already Oh So you want me to give him a challenge I agree So it says please come with me man you can do a challenge What's this thing? All right, this is gonna be the are you see you're on you're on controller right? Yes, yes, I are here is gonna be your challenge. Oh, I already feel my challenge So it just is way right there man don't worry All right, I'm gonna do the challenge one That's it so right I said was at least for the most part I ran across this uh I started here Gonna run top speed without falling off turn what fell off I would die there your job is to run All the way over here then jump on to over here If you mess up all the players over there will shoot you Swift to says everyone else come over here to the center platform. So does the door key rejoin the game I'm really bad at this All right, so it says on a scale of one to ten what's your commonest level on this one the hardest thing to do is actually to make that turn We're going at full speed But this is more fair too, so you go a little slower. It's not that bad I'd say a Four a four. Okay, that's what I like to hear something nice nice something on below six is good for entertainment All right, so does this please stand on here and get ready I remember if all off any direction they shoot you your job is to run non-stop and jump on to that last one over there Swift to say again Looking good looking good looking good looking good looking good sir There's what does the speed return back here you made a mistake You reach this corner you stopped The challenge the entire challenge is done full speed I'll demonstrate one more time Watch me I fell off of you, but I did turn this corner at full speed. I need you to do that you got it I believe in you sir you got this I don't have faith I want you to take that corner full speed because believe you can do it if you're on control of Beak into existence look Whoa All right, okay I'm sure it's possible. I mean I goofed it up, but Swift says crouch if you believe you can pull off this challenge I Susson back there crotch can I jump? I always says some crotch Hi, what's your name It was panic going there man I'm gonna get enough of this volunteering shit All right, you guys will not shoot if you fail let's want to see if we can do it Oh Yeah, so it's beginning whenever you like Full speed full speed full speed. Oh wow you had a turn harder There you go. All right, take me I got to do I have got got many tries there. It's possible All right, just wait. So does band you can return. I always curious that's all Great switch says stand on the edge of the rooftop. It's time to kill a bunch of players hooray All right, I appreciate that look at that go that was 14 15. Wow Look at me don't look at me You guys don't get to the side who kills this game don't worry All right, let's let me give myself a good angler so I can see everybody Go look at that time to kill all our players Swift says last person crouch dies Oh That was you all right last person stand does Wow All right first person to stand does You guys got me Swift says first person to stand does Here cry all right, so it says stand up So it says take two steps forward Um, get it take one step back Oh All right, you're going to stop some standard Simon says shenanigans right now Everything has to be a challenger mini game all right So it says find a new spot on the edge of the roof You Big thank you all you guys watching for following me wherever subscribing on YouTube. I appreciate it That's a little bit of a rough spawn YouTube try to figure out that algorithm thing. I was where it's fine Figure that that science All right, what was that? So there's a Lewis It was Lewis were you speaking with man? How come how come I'm not am I am I not entertaining you? You So it was Lewis are you still alive in this game Just a Lewis please make way to the center of the platform if you're alive No, I'm very I'm very much dead. Well that explains why I destroyed this for just a surp Please me your microphone if you want to speak to someone else. Thank you, man All right, great. Thank you. All right, so it says crouch Why is this like someone's making a balloon animal? She's Louise All right, it's a clown It's a poodle I'll draw out now get out of here. So I'm your ball in it. So it says aim straight up But all right, I know I spotted who it was So it's a malle the big boy. Please meet your microphone. Thank you I guess that your your heads that's to be a little too close to close to your face It happens great Fire one bullet That's all right sir. Please crouch back down It's not your time. All right fire two bullets Good job sort of says fire no bullets Fire two bullets All right now time for the most dangerous mini game So it says Reese Does the proximity mind on that roof look no one's gonna die. No one's gonna die So it just says move backwards off the roof go I guess Damn it I was afraid to watch guys I miss I missed out on good footage, but I didn't want to I didn't want to die Just so you know nobody would have died if you'd done it faster Welcome faster you see Swiftress says please make your way up to my area over here That things happen to get people sometimes. Yes What good job. Thanks for that. I died. Yeah, you're welcome funky. Oh welcome Blame it on the layers. Yeah great Swiftress does not have shoulder shoulder This is it wow This is not laughing soldiers soldiers sir All right time for a smoke grenade related game Yeah, I got it. Yeah, okay. So over here is a fountain with three levels Oh for let's say brown level first level second level third level Moment I threw it out my smoke you guys are lots of run over The smoke clears you must freeze I'll reinforce this by telling you to freeze The folks on a certain level will be in trouble. That means the top is not always the safest I'm personally designated which level my brain is the dangerous one Got it So it says go I Pick a level Toptress is freeze All right great Unfortunately it was this bomb level over here level two Swiftress is here on level two get ready for combat Why you trying to jump out the bottom level if you're on level two Like the lowest level of the phone Bro you've missed my tutorial you missed my tutorial buddy boy listen So this is you four from the lower level of the of the fountain You guys will be hurting each other yet ready Yeah Go kill each other You're pretty good No don't kill each other Sort of says hose hold that home depot Where does this go into prone So it says you four kill each other And when you've got you reached Why would you not use guns man that's all right good job bro Just major pain come up here with me you are safe All right the rest of you guys Got two players at the top four players below And you know what Swiftress says if you can make it to the top level you're safe which is this begin Oh Four oh five looking pretty good one versus that on there Oh All right five more seconds five four Wow that's rude three That was you two One all right kill the two people who aren't up there Stop Bunk you left thirsty mom Swiftress says there's a spot available over there Intrusive thoughts Serious stop moving I'm not leaving Stop looking at me when you're holding fake home lines Swiftress says fun conversation Swiftress says stop Just five of you please follow me Swiftress is all of you follow me Can't believe I'm fell for that simple ass shit Happens man It happens I'm just good it wasn't me or shot Funk you better than that I know All right I'm pleased left shoulder shoulder What are these home landings this is an imposter Yes one on the very land All right great back to simple Swiftress stuff Simon says jump Simon says crouch That was a very strange for you want to fail on bro Oh You would just talk you know what all the veterans are fucking up today I haven't fucked up Who's left we have major pain we have mr. T attacker and hack attack All right Let's go attacker No I'm glad I lacked you liked I swear no I can do it is you so it's okay is your lag fixed I think so yes or no is your like fixed is your lag fixed yes or no yes Dodge dodge is bullet I didn't say so for says I think my god tonight All right that one right there Oh take talk Like what here we go We have three players left we have major pain mr. T an attack and one of you three will be our Or winner or maybe all three of you guys will be our winner if I screw this up all right Swiftress says jump Which does crouch To just stand Don't just says the last person complete this next command will die But just says crouch Hmm you did crouch was you well weird but then you went to prone over right help down the circle too much Yeah, there includes you all right so it says you're not gonna do a challenge So just please follow me for the last person crouch Yep, I can say all right Look super simple man you're the ending all right so You're gonna fight one of these guys let me go pick one for you All right last one of you guys to stand fight some And say Swiftress says you're fighting him. Would you please follow me To express this both of you follow me to your arena Fight to the death All right, whichever one of you guys survives your fights against what's your name sir Mr. T Mr. T there you go All right, so it says have either of you appear ever watched the A team Of course not I know the theme song All right, and no no no no no role play today. It's fine. All right great Those will be real simple folks To win this battle you only allow to mainly while you're in the air You cannot mainly wall on the ground Deal jump swipe and then repeat deliver the player is dead Any questions of course not ready set go They're learning Swiftress says go Whoa That's pretty clean All right, Swiftress says major pain and uh And mr. T. So does both of you guys follow me I pity the fool I believe in you attacker We all do I don't have any fans to do these days man. I feel like He just gotta go surround the schools motivates kids. There's some fun stuff We're on the wrong platform to get fans by the way This is Mercado. It's uh, it's a it's a gunfight map in lawn warfare too And a fun one if I might add I've never played actual Actually game on here Swiftress is both of you please follow me down here. We'll do it out in order the better lighting Swiftress is back to the fence please the gate Uh, love when a plant comes together. Oh, yeah um Had again to a game join our discord server uh discord gg4ch last swifter think of all the files by the way All right, so finale time finale is always the toughest kind of make it a memorable fun finale worth watching until the end for Um, you know, it's good this time you to just kill each other Nice So after says look at the wall closes to you All right, here's the way the skim's gonna work I'm gonna describe how it works in my head. You know walk backwards in the moment you feel like you your back touches the other player You can turn around and attack them Makes sense So you're trusting you realize that you've hit the other player or the other guy does You know Nothing of any other stipulations here. I think that's that's pretty good pretty simple Yeah works for me. Oh, yeah, obviously if you do it too early you are mech lose Swiftress has any questions No, great Swiftress is when I fire my gun you will walk backwards and when you're back it's the other players back We'll turn around and kill them any means necessary So it says listen for my gunshot Oh I thought I thought you had that man he's swung without turning around Oh, I was close all right major pink congratulations man You are the winner. Got some impressive moves this game dude Um Congrats, but you also is there anyone you want to give a shout out to out there or to yourself? Uh, I'll shut out my girlfriend Dana Dana look at that your man just brought home the bacon or not really anything kind of imaginary prize But yeah, I look at that. I should be proud. GG. All right great game guys I love one