 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says and we almost have 31 people on top of this green car Swiftress says you have 10 seconds to figure it out 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1. What is this phrase? All right, don't fall off oh you fell off sir How'd you what would you say? So this is what's your name? Boss Well now okay, do you believe jump? You believe jumping would count as moving Don't believe what and jumping counts as moving yes, yes Yes, you believe that you should die right now for jumping when I tell you to freeze um I fell off you can say yes or no No, okay, so So hang we have a problem here because you said that jumping is moving you jump the move when you were sure to have and you shouldn't die So I'm I feel like what should I do what do you think? What is that? Hang on hang on hi, what's your name? Through steering come over you my name is my name is I just got pushed but you jump right afterwards then you move I saw you jump so I'm press your jump button for you You You are off the hook Everyone else just come over here. It's it's Syrian loves the attention. It's time from the shine Oh my god, I can literally explain myself man you will yeah, you'll get to explain yourself So just as everyone over here back up over here. I need to give them some space Everybody's everyone over here Great so Syrian don't push you off you jumped the eye I was talking only I was the issue is that I was talking About jumping be a movement when you did it so I feel like You should be punished for it, but you know what you said you could explain it so so let's go ahead From my point of view I for my point of view have to have to know there's little delay right somebody Literally moved after you said so to set freeze and that pushed me off and then I fell off Yep, and muscle memory muscle memory, you know muscle memory, so I jumped Okay, okay, so your muscle memory you instinctively you're seeing you're instinctively jumped when pushed off Exactly because I'm instinctively gonna give you a challenge It's challenge time Don't worry Syrian is really gonna challenge this will be no problem We're he's gonna do this challenge and I've wasted everyone's time for the intro. I will not edit this out But Syrian Last we played on this map for sports says only one time super knocks at the end of the game was was giving a challenge from all the way across this This fence and he pulled it off. It was amazing You believe you can do it your answers actually irrelevant because you have to do it now or you die So says Syrian is gonna the fence over there Just Daniel meet your microphone forever. What if I fall? Then you lose So it says Daniel you your microphone That's Daniel one foot in front of the other Great what what if you fail you can't fail that's why it's a challenge. He's serious. He can't fail So no, let me show her the word that's it buddy. Okay, look Just as go whenever you're ready man You He hasn't fall off yet. He did it. He did it So process everyone's okay remember remember what on Syrian. So does everyone clap? Let's go I picked on you Deservingly, but you you did so you get a reward So it says Syrian without asking anyone what their name is to speak one other person to complete this challenge Any person you walk up Can I have inspection time no you have that you Look you have to walk up to them and see there's no no one's give away who they are If you happen to recognize somebody yesterday Somebody yesterday has free spot in motorway 53 beta right and because of him I didn't get in so Let's go about let's go Just just to be very clear Barton asked for a spot. I invited him in but that's fine I know I know I just know he could he'll do it he'll definitely do it Well All right now we're gonna have an in-game bet This bet will have consequences. So if you believe Bart can do it. Please group up over here So does if you believe Bart will fail this come over here Losing bet will be in a will be in trouble Come on Which you Should be a real it you should be a realist that you should not be Believe he will fail stand over here guys we can't all be wrong Yeah, before all wrong all of us are dying You're in one of those two spots you have 10 seconds to decide 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 so it says stop You two believe Bart will not do this names, please Name and All right, great. Everyone else believes look sorry, but All right, how do you feel about basically almost the entire lobby minus two people including Syrian believe you can do this I don't care about Syrian, but the rest I appreciate your You're welcome to this to be very clear to be very clear I wasn't gonna kill Syrian if you failed that challenge and I'm not gonna kill Bart either, but you guys who Place the bet. Ah, it's a different story. Oh, man. All right, Swiftress says part whenever you're ready go for it He doesn't complete it. He kills like the entire lobby Oh Can I can I change my vote? I should have stopped I thought I could do it in one No, this is What did it make it would have been amazing if you've done that would have been amazing No one has ever done it and one not like like you know nonstop go so I applaud you and do it Right, so because you know, please take your way on top of that roof you get to watch the action Oh It makes great constant now. Yeah, I thought that was great. All right great all right Unfortunately guys this is gonna be a severe punishment Oh, no, you know what hang on hang on. I'm gonna let people I'm gonna let viewers vote They don't want this to be do boring My my thought was gonna be to see you guys you know find one person than you guys be divided guys by two But you know, I will give I'll give viewers an option All right, so If you would like me to divide these number of players by two type divide even if it said you want them to all run this challenge We've done this before but I think it's still pretty fun. I think I think the guys who just did it even bark made it look easy If you'd rather miss do the challenge Again, we've done this before type challenge So this this vote works on both tiktok and twitch just had the word challenge or type of I'd unfortunately the type of was perfectly I'm a very ill if it's challenge Serien come on over Serien will be the only one who doesn't have to run the challenge since since he already did it but But but serien actually I'll give you two options you can run the challenge again if you want I guess it's the easiest option for you remember to you can be their coach Which we have to give them some tips, but for the coach I expect to I expect to hire them 50% survival rate Need us guardian lead us need a tip up to you if you don't want if you don't want to be responsible for the success Yeah, do the challenge again or be or be their coach 50 51% of All right On your own no tips for Serien pulls champion all right Okay, all right, he's doing the This mess and so it's not a beard coach. All right, but you know, okay, here we go. All right, so it says lap shoulder shoulder Sorry, so this is make a single file line and pull you guys one of the time to do this challenge one of the challenge Simply start on this side of the fence and get to the end Without dying before off the fence other players will shoot you You two guys included all right Great Wow, you're very brave to do this first. What's your name? All right All right, so this is stupid least that defense All right, you know what that's a run no you can take it you take all day man I want to call you wanting one to go into prone doing go for men But if you fall off if you fall off you know what hang on hang on hang on I'm changing the rules So it says only you two up there will shoot people if they fail if you succeed you join the two people here's up there And you join the fire squad okay make sense So it says begin oh, yeah, that sounds like fun So we better succeed maybe go first isn't about I do I'm steady He's moving he's moving I May institute a time limit later on by told him no time out for this one, so Yeat Yeah, I'm scared If you guys are wondering why he's taking this time so outside the other side of there is out of bounds If you're out of balance for more than three seconds You die, but it does accumulate though, so you have to let it reset Did you make it all on this? Success join the join the fire squad up there great that did take too long I'm putting an 18-second time limit on this What's your name? Oh god Canadian Canadian Canadian the timer will start when you when you begin so go ahead so just begin whenever you want Ah, fuck yeah, nope I like great fire and scrub yeah, yeah, I mean I was I was gonna shoot but I didn't know how to that's okay I was in the way all right next name I don't care Go for it You okay man there our timer started Oh I am I am changing the timer to be a little bit longer Yeah, 18 seconds a little too quick. All right, we're gonna increase the 30 We're gonna increase the 30 second all right next person. What's your name? Okay See you again. Oh Serien wants to join the fire squad. Okay, Serien go ahead 30 seconds 15 second timer go go go He fall He should have been your coach, you know, I think he could have helped you guys No, I'll call for us, but that's all right Swipe to says look into continuation just tell me your name before you go I don't want to say swap to says a million times. So let's go go for it Oh I didn't give it enough time to reset the timer. Yep. All right go for it We're gonna just disappear next inverse I'm gonna be a citizen. We're gonna be like down to three people straight away Yeah 30 seconds. I promise 30 seconds a lot of time. Please don't rush it. Do it. I didn't walk walk We had too much All right Creating reality you got this reality take your time Oh Next This is an old age Bricks is going to back the line That's not yeah, whenever you're ready go ahead. I need to wait for me A lot No Oh Thank you for your consideration whenever you're ready Yep, we're gonna go for it man So what do you have a memory to the fire and you squad doing? One check Oh lucky lucky fell off. Yeah, what do you mean? I thought you just a four you failed that's it. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay Can we go to a different angle on the roof if you are yeah, go go for it Look get long squad as long as you don't hit me or any of the player you're fine It's got to do okay He's gonna have to sprint just sprint at the end 15 seconds Hey So what was your name? Yeah, what was that cookie cookie good job next name Yeah, you got this man go for it Next Yeah, I'm probably gonna do the same younger Oh next AJ I'm gonna try crouching. I'm gonna see what happens sure man. I'm going to do within 30 seconds Come on. No, I've no idea what the barriers are. I've never done it before. I've no idea what the barriers are I'm nervous name Hey man, you got the same man. He's trying to figure ahead of you. You're you're gonna shrink Trink and walk around with a keyboard this I do wish that Syrian chose the coaching You could tell you guys what to do. Yeah, oh, this is Jay Hey All right a lot more people are dying than I like the hang on okay Before we continue before we continue I thought that they're allowed to do before we continue Hang on. I want I want I want to want to volunteer a few tips. So so bark can you give these guys one tip? Uh, I'd say sprint as much as you can and then stop as soon as the time it gets low and then start sprint to the end You should be about half wide bar then All right, that's what I would have done. All right, that's bark's tip. How about you Syrian? What's your tip? Same tip I would I would give the same thing just sprint until there's like one second left and then find a spot where With safe Reset the timer and then continue Okay, how long to reset the timer? Take three seconds three seconds like yeah three four seconds Okay, all right there you go who's the attacker? Yeah, it's attacker. Good luck man Completely boring The best of times, yeah Always at the beginning shortish with the game yet Yep Whatever you're ready meant should let us rejoin. Oh, do I need to tell you my name? I'd like it. I'd like to hear it eat my sauce. Okay, so I'll go for it then 20 seconds Damn people really nice and he's tips on Stupid Try to see what happens when you have balls Swift are really underestimated this Look man, you know what I think I think they overestimated bark my plan was not to do this everybody, but you know Is a punishment I don't know You know, part of the great job. I think it's just the volume. We push he pushed himself a little too far, you know That's okay. I still blame Syrian for this Yeah If Syrian wanted to move when he said freeze he wouldn't have gone and on there on that fart one of the fat to go and that's And I swept it Name name name He looks he looks you got this man Yes, yes, good job He's gonna make it he looks is gonna make it he he got him under what he got it Yeah Okay, I didn't want to shoot him All right bandit bandit is good at this stuff bandit what would you say your chant your odds are of getting this oh Never mind zero 50 50 50. Oh, okay. It's not parallel This guy's in the way There's eight left after him So there'll be a light it too Hey, there we go there we go next T Allen yes, T. L. T. L. T. L. has got this. Oh If it he hoppity if it D I'm sorry T L. I'm but I wanted you to be my first kill next I appreciate it Tom biz go for it Hey Damn I need one more kill for next The ready in the video for 15 minutes, whatever you're ready Oh promise Yeah Well chief He did done man And then there were four But that doesn't count that doesn't count don't shoot him don't shoot him until they start all right. Whatever you're ready name There's only five without says eight Oh, okay There's wait god damn it Wait, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Let them at least let them at least pass the first like peg or whatever all right They're trigger happy Yeah Oh This is not very good. I feel like this is just turned into a challenge now instead of like it's Hey, I hang on what's your what's your name Hey What's drinking oh it's Daniel he's needed his mic. Okay, that's okay. All right. Let's ram you got in the back of the line Intentionally you're obviously very concerned about this one right You know what all right All in favor of letting us from have as much time as he wants no time say I I All right, I'll stram I'll stram the 30 second limit is not applied to you good luck man I'll strams always the one game killed early, you know getting melee. He's as bad looking these days Just now it was pace You know what I do All right, so for says all surviving players make your way down I have voice for you Swift if you would like Yeah, no, thank you. All right. Well, that's okay. We'll do some fun stuff I don't worry if you die early. Don't worry. We'll do some other fun thing after this So it just says you five. Please follow me Straight to the finale. I don't know we got we got some time Mean edit it down is like an eight-minute video something You know we got how long is so far? No, this has been 20 is in 20 minutes believe it not to 20 minute in 20 minute videos so far All right, so say a challenge video now just wait right over there. Yeah Oh It's all chat's fault they voted for challenge Look I mean I mean more of you guys would have lived if it was divide I would have lined you guys up just like you know face to face Then I would yell out a word from a category I'm happy guys would have died I would have lost to ping anyways like Oh good okay here we go listen This is a run and jump situation Oh you guys is running jump and land on this no mantle and allowed If you succeed it all right here are the rules If you all succeed you all live If only one succeeds everyone else dies If no one succeeds, you know, we'll do another mini-game So if you guys all want to intentionally fail you can but you know, I'd say go for it Those switches says one at a time simply run and jump at the edge and land without having the grapple For mantle it's with this is begin any order is fine We don't know good success Failure X Good success Success Sorry cookie all right congratulations you four minutes great the cookie crumbles there you go Swift just says follow me All right next challenge next challenge Like we know this map pretty well. I've been doing a couple of hide and seek on here Ah here we go oh you can't climb this never mind. No I'm thinking what's that map from 2019 Our love our love our yeah our glove peak that's right All right everyone in here, please So just that's okay. So just as everyone in here That's actually meant to say so says all right great Says hold out your lethal Uh throwing knife Build chart to throw that throw charge and proxy man Swift says put them away How do I do that on console swap a weapon triangle or swung a weapon Why okay good okay great So if it says I want two teams of two two over here do you have your switches go Great So if it says aim at the other team Listen very carefully So if it says make sure you're aiming at their head You don't want to miss your shot I've got a big headband it So if it says no talking allowed So if it says we're building tension right now So if it says crouch So if it says please so around that uh okay You didn't even finish saying it's what this is Two players left. Swift says you too. Please follow me All right our final players are stupid and bandit I deserve that for killing the Alan Prime Swift so I feel the prime means right now I don't think these games have everything better than they have been And they haven't from on warfare too. I think my best swatters says games are Or now I've definitely had more views in the past. It's all right. It's all right. I need to views overall very good Anyway We're back We know we began at the fence we're gonna end at the fence So just as please stand over here you Which is you please stand on top over here without dying You're the rules We actually need to bet the rules for a second here This is like I want to reward risky plays. I need to think about this for a moment here I'm gonna go over the game logic for a second I'm gonna do in my head. I got it I All right I need to count this again real quick hang on Great Let's see one two three four five six seven eight One two three four five six seven. Oh perfect. This is the middle right here folks. This one right here Really simple guys If you fall off the fence You die But if you pass the center over here you're a lot to use your gun to cool the other player Those are the rules you can melee if you want but obviously just shooting the other guy makes a lot more sense You reach the center Leppens are okay No lethal's just There's guns and knives all right That's our finale I feel good about that one. I feel good about that one if you fall off You lose Let's talk about strategy for a second If you wait When you let the other guy do it they might fall off you might as win automatically the lazy approach right but maybe it's a smart approach Alternatively If you go are confident you can get to the center pass that middle peg You just have this fire gun at them and win the game easy Or if you both run at the same time you might end up at the center and it might be a melee situation after all Swiftore says do you have any qua any any any any questions Um after you pass the middle area. Mm-hmm Do you have to still stay on the yes you must be you must be the best you lose the game immediately if you fall off That that rule does not go away And like a melee not shoot if I really want to you can melee you can shoot. Oh yeah look look once you reach a cent Like once you reach the center Wepp any any weapon fire or melee is legal as long as you don't fall off the fence. Okay, those are rules All right With just as again You can you can make way Oh All right stupid congratulations run me over please you never made it to center