 Yo, what's up everyone welcome to the Swift or says Swift or says look next you That is your friend that is your buddy You may be looking at the back of their head the front of their head But you were gonna need to work with them to make this game work now melee them There we go the trust system. Did you think they were gonna melee you? If you did but they did yes, there you go all right great. So it says look at me look at that That's how that was a quick test. I can tell this is gonna be a very very diligent Lobby of good listeners Next test Swift or says take one step forward Very good Swift or says take two steps forward and Now the memory part of that episode take those number of steps total backwards go I Swift or says come with me sir I know much we got that wrong but Burger Town's easy to pop out the cost of having Beat a burger town employee. So just as come up over here. What's your name? Your background's not working I only know one other way to get your name in this game Name please Baku bro, okay, so dude I like giving chances for survival Swift says pick one object to hide behind around here pick anyone Okay, good. That's fine. Swift says he's so does everyone say where exactly where you are So does aim where he's located with your gun Unload It's all good. It's all good. You know, there's there's a lot of holes in where we are I in fact, I don't think there's anywhere around here where you would have been completely safe Maybe maybe over here. I was gonna if you hit behind the car. I was gonna move you guys No, I'm a cruel individual. I was not gonna make it easy. All right, so it says we've back to the red carpet How can I help you sir Did I why did you guys Says hockey come on down You know, I think I meant to say swift as if I really didn't say it that would explain everyone's reaction there All right now in general man in this game, you're not supposed to wrap people out I'm sorry if I don't catch you or if I'm to see now like I have been for the past couple of years Just let it go and you just let this old man move on but given that you write it about I'm okay with that, but you have to live with the consequences Which is Kiwi aim at his head Swift is Kiwi pull the trigger He didn't say switcher says they were says pull the trigger No do it Swift says finish the job How did that feel Kiwi I like hockey but he did screw up and I'm Was returned back to the line I think I just felt bad about it if you killed if you killed would you have stepped up That's a worst tragedy One more time Unless I ask you to write someone out don't do it. There may be times where I just want you to write someone out or to give yourself up You must you must give yourself up then otherwise, but I don't notice let it slide great swifter says look to your east You're already looking to your east. What are you doing? Yes? No, you're not actually sorry Great Swift says jump once So after says when you hear me walk behind you jump Get enough all right, so after says stop So after says aim straight up Fire one shot That was way more That gone I think it's the same person too I Didn't catch him Swift or says reload Everyone's gonna reload I'm a far too shots. There's not a way to give you up Swift or says reload. Don't be shot Sir is there is why you fired your gun and then reloaded again Yes, so look see I'm reloading my gun. I can't reload again If I was asked to reload I would just try and if it didn't work it didn't work right I Didn't fire See you fired your gun so that you could reload is what you're saying that's dedication Is that what you're saying My is my is my analysis of that situation correct Yes, great. So it says come with me. Oh Don't worry bro. Don't worry. I'm gonna give you another opportunity to practice reloading all right Swift or says the last person to look at me is gonna help him out Swift or says the last person to look at me is gonna This is a lot of people to look at God. I couldn't tell who it was was either Yeah, too hard. Okay, let's try again. My I confused me. It's too many players to me players. All right Swift or says last person to crouch helps him out I mean you didn't crouch so I guess oh So after says go and make sure I All right, so if you says I want you guys to face each other over here All right, so it says both of you guys looks straight up So it says both of you guys reload your guns Which is both of you guys fire okay good So just reload listen reload doesn't mean fire shot to be clear this is the part of the lesson great you guys are both reloaded great Here's how this game mode is gonna work Sir excuse me, do you just swap your weapon? Swift says swap back bro There you go man look everyone's got 50 health don't worry about it listen You are a lot to kill the player in front of you only after you reload swifter says begin How long is long? Oh, this is my fov okay great Are you watching this from the stream? Swifter says go back to the line banner Oh That is definitely any so that shot okay great fifth does it want to lines Basin each other on the street so happy guys switchers want you on this side over here figure it out There'll be some like 14 14 15 15 15 something that To make it equal make it equal if you're not facing a car if you're not directly facing someone across me You're probably not probably outnumbering right? You've got a bright swifters that laps a little shoulder. It'll be easier if you guys are compressed Swift says moving boys move it move it Just gonna there we go man. I'll do a count three six nine 12 13 I'm on it. I'm on it Good Great I got used What do you join? Don't worry don't worry good and fire part will happen, but not really great Swift or says swap sides Very good Swift or says swap sides again Not chowry else we're Swift or says swap sides again I like this gift Swift or says swap sides again Swap sides again I want love that all right time for another game Oh Swift or says swap sides again It's got some range That's what it is Very good last person swap sides guys dies Damn stutter Swift or says follow me I'm trying multi task here The cursor multi task Great all right Oh, my me you guys are following each other switcher night. I forgot to go a lab and take talk Oh Says right here with the pick on says laps your little shoulder in front of the coastal star entrance over here Oh What do you want man that's not following me? Follow you I mean isn't every joke already used yes, but you can reach them. Yeah, but different different chat viewers That's a weird message All right cool Thanks for your patience there So got two orange boxes over here So it says freeze yep you are where you are it's RNG You know this game would be involved these boxes you did but so it's you know something's gonna be luck right anyway Sort of says the first people on top these orange boxes die go My is the best stopping you So it says you don't want to go bro. You took a few took one step miles. We'll take the next ten Swift or says last person crouch plays a dangerous game Swift or says come with me. What's your name? I'm stover. Oh still for what man. Swift is a stover stand right over here man Bring Swift or says all of you guys over here on this side Swift or says stand behind these guys over here behind behind behind Come on look at the easier way Look now the box is one harbor sample of proof there's a stover you have safest in the center over here right Why not I don't believe that I don't believe they can they can Stand behind them bro. Thank you. Look if you can't get a if you can't get a shot you can't get a shot Don't worry about it. All right, you be careful All right, I'm pretty sure stofers completely safe over here. We can do a little test stover. Swift or says stover go into prone No, I can't see it. Swift or says everyone else if you have a clear shot far at the top of the boxes Yeah, it's looking good. Oh, yeah, good enough. Good enough. What does that stop great? All right, so it says stover crouch Great Swift just as you guys are only a lot of fire at the boxes. Don't try and go for the top of the set which says begin Well, that did not work. Sorry, bro. All right, Swift says follow me. That was a failed mini game. I Know I'm gonna get that won't fail Swift or says backs to this bus Wow there is someone in tiktok chat that says they need a girl and there's posting what I believe to be their phone number I bro You are I highly highly recommend Try another avenue maybe maybe start off easy man Maybe download one of those AI girlfriend apps or something to see if that works Put their phone numbers as their activation ID. Yo, I don't know man. Maybe there's there's a super hot girl out there This is that that we like oh, you know, maybe I'll find mister right that way anyway, I don't recommend that All right, so Swift or says if you can let if you can stand on this orange bury over here without dying You'll be safe for the next mini game Swift or says go Hey Three seconds no One Swift says freeze I'll let that slide all right great Swift says you All right Unfortunately Swift says if you're touching the floor right now You too Bro So come on now This is banal let's go all right Swift says all of you guys They're on the floor come with me I Who was in front of me push me and I couldn't move past him you had me just behind pushing him Guys we're gonna play a Version of death race that I've never done before Swift just says I want all of you guys to lamp shoulder shoulder over here in front of me you guys in the orange fence You're just gonna spectate you're not involved Yeah, all right here's out here is how it's gonna work So it says love you guys turn around And don't forget to make sure you subscribe the T-Mobile for your cellular services. That was a great reminder So just consider this over here. Do you see the this this box is over here? You're gonna do a lap around the bus to your north to your west sorry to your west Once you pass this if you're the first person to pass this you turn around he can kill one player and that's it The first person to pass it if you're the second person you can't do jack And then you guys will do another lap and the first person to pass on the second lap does the same thing So it's one one one person will die per lap understand So being in first means you kill one person But turn around and shoot at somebody gonna slow down. So it's very unlikely You'll be the you'll be in first again understand So it says turn around Swift just says ready set go Let's see if this works out And there you go one good continue continue no Boopie Lexus are out There you go Oh that was super set stop Swift is a stop Swift is a stupid tell with me man Can I come back? That is unfortunate man, but don't worry stupid will pay the price. It was a stupid You broke the rules man, please switch this please follow the arrow until you can't any further Oh, that's awesome man All right Swift says it won't follow me thank for For refreshments Behind the counter over here All right, so I've got some good news. I'm only one kill away from my turret Last person on this counter dies go Pretty good All right, so it says get on the counter first and you die So it says get on the counter first and you die Electric boogaloo so it says again the counter first and you live Yeah, I'm not killing it right else that makes no sense all right go back down to your spot Got my set your turn let's go All right All right, Swift says jump once Dude you're gonna give yourself a concussion bro. You guys went above your head careful there All right, Swift says jump twice Jump three times Shaking your head at no at me, so it says come on down if you shake your head no Come on down come on down come on down want to shake your head know what me You disapprove great guys you guys are gonna demonstrate our next game Called get killed by the goddamn turret you jerks. That's what's called all right, so that's a great night This game So it says all you guys have to do is leave through this entry over here and come in through that door over there again Okay, so just do one lap. So just as you three go Very easy easy this game in the world Not even Then you're gonna die jump over the right jump over the right you can't go with the railing he did it There you go. They gotta be careful though. There you go. You got it Why are you running that way good job? So everyone else do the same thing go ahead it is successfully Oh Easier for you just jump over the railing Around it There you go Let's go Connor Very good very good. So it just says get behind the counter and crouch Oh Great don't worry. I don't know much time in this thing left great All right, so it says look at play a little another little game So it just says last person to stand and crouch dies All right, so it says the last person to crouch three times dies Oh This turret is defective You have one job shoot people Swifters says follow me Oh, I can very appreciate that. I can very replay to see to playing to see to actually today for the first time. It's funny. You mentioned that All right, so it says here is the next game. Swifters says you must remain on the screen astroturf over here All right, that's the world. That's all you gotta do Oh, and the other rule is not getting more and over Oh, no, no, no So just as we get off the green astroturf, I will shoot you Oh, careful My favorite mini game Moong Yo All right, so you get on top of that by shredder All right, I'm a mole side of juice can you run this Go the other way No go the other way No, the other way I'm almost out of fuel. I'm almost out of fuel Oh, it's right easier to control it The dude in the like Oh my god Connor All right, good job. Good job. That's why I get a replay with low sensitivity anyway So it says congratulations through the final five players. Swifters says lap shoulder shoulder Ah kind person I appreciate that for all of you guys want to join our games. It's easy Just join our discord server this cord dot gg4ts less swift or everything's explained there And if you have any questions you can ask people are super nice about it great So we've got five of you and I've got two of these Because I forgot to leave perks on um, which means some of you guys might have bombs squad on or whatever Which might be an advantage, but you know, that's just how it goes. Oh, steam. Don't do them like this That's why I did it. I had a box of mine earlier. I have I was stupid. I should have really simple boys. There's two proximity mines on top of this table no gunfire is allowed Swifters says Yep 18 seconds to get on top of their alive good luck Got a boys yo No gunfire Y'all made it within that time of it. Congratulations. That was a bad mini game Swifters says kill one person on that table That's If they killed one person each then that's that's legal. All right. I probably should have thought about that I should have said make it for people Yeah, that's all right. So this is both of you guys coming me bad command That was too funny there. That's like really bad command. What can I do This is starfield. We're on the planet called pain. So just follow me That's starfield. This is swifterfield This is between you I do get told my head is as far as the sun. Oh, the z account Okay, so Our two final players are people lad and Aaron great I've tried to make this mini game work again a few times now And it's been an issue So I'm not gonna do it again. So does this follow me? I've answered my own question. Yes, sir What's up All right I just says both of you guys come stand over here This one's gonna be a race. Here's other races gonna work. But I fire my gun. Yeah climb up here run We'll get to the end and the first person's gonna win the game the challenge will be We got proximity of minds again Yeah, let's see what happens. Yeah, look yeah I'm nervous now. Don't be nervous All right, great Now you guys remember the rules I said right when I fire my gun that's when you begin It's just the first person to climb run across and make it over here Lips you can try proning across you could try crouching you could try waiting for the other guy to trigger them and die That's it Ready set go I'm fine So to set when he fires his gun you can go so Oh You Is a risky move people our respect they did a risky move All right Aaron congratulations. How do you feel right now man? Oh, dude This is the first time like actually playing throughout like the whole game And like this is my first win and everything so I'm excited way to go man congratulations, dude What's your you got to shout out for anybody watching? I do have a YouTube stupid face Aaron the same as my gamer tag. I do 3d animation if y'all want to see that But what do you do your animation? Well what application? Blender 3d. Oh fancy man fancy. I'm not I'm not telling enough of this stuff like that way to go dude All right, man GG stupid face Aaron on YouTube you said Yes, sir there we go