 What is up everyone? Welcome to Swiftress says only do what I say when I say Swiftress says it's Simon says in quality for example Simon says jump In your defense guys, I have never ever done that before It trust me. It's very slimy. So it says you to come with me. I Know it was extra slimy Slimy, I always jump to be honest almost all right cool. So it says both you guys look at each other Because you want my own take out your most powerful weapon Great So does you guys just look at each other with your weapons, please no melee? There we go So just as you two will awkwardly look at each other until I say a word that rhymes with clock and Then you'll crouch like block Okay, I'm expecting too much here. I know I know Swiftress says what you two when I say a word that rhymes with clock you will crouch Block Knock You already crouch that makes sense what just says you to stand up Yeah, everyone's waiting you two can just kill each other Yeah, yes there for a second All right run for your life you live go He did live from the explosion I guess Suspect rejoin the game, but it's oh come with me man Unfortunately, I did not say Swiftress does run away. So you get to how many demonstrate this new execution Oh Finally the ball this operator college has ever had no eyebrows nothing There's no single here on this man's body and I love it all right, so just as Ted you can rejoin the game. So if there's anyone else please join me No worries man when I ask you rejoin the game your job is simply to find us and weigh in the side lens until it's safe to rejoin There's no need to put yourself in danger Ah, yes, we're just as let's go for a swim Hmm refreshing I'm cold So it says please stand on this boat How do you manage that? What's the dog every time? So it happens all the time stand on this boat lower yourself with a grenade, you know they both say the same thing It might offend my cats step on the keyboard Your cat, huh? Yes, don't just says it's vote time Cats or cap All right, who's fault is the dog is dead right now is it his cat or a dog? I want to get some most votes If the cat wins his vote will let Doug back in the game This fall I will pose a picture of the cat if it wins these votes work on YouTube and TikTok so please everyone go ahead vote vote away Vote away I've dug her cat You see the names of the people voting right above me my bill is your name looks like you're doing okay, no Okay It's looking like cat is we need to make sure though so if it says Doug, please rejoin the game okay All right, thank you guys polls All right, let's resume the game Swift says Please fall All right, so it says they were looking at this menu So it says see if you make up the letters. I don't care that you can't read Greek But It says you cannot read like if it's just a blurry thing because you're playing on you know PlayStation 2 or something then please come over to me You guys can all see the letters. It's all visible. There's a big York. What do you play it on? PS4 got you that's not about shame. I'm not console shaming you. Yes, you see the letters I can kind of make it out All right, so does this freeze was there one crouch Stand up if you cannot see the words One fall for that Swift says follow me This way Doug you're back in the game. Yeah, yeah, boy And you're not being smart duck. There you go Great even a bigger boat. This one's got two like rows of seating. So it says hop on the bigger boat, please So just pick a side that'll be your team All right, this is gonna be a challenge for everybody here You memorize one side real quick. We got Doug, AJ, York, chicken and hungry That means we're all on the other side great Here's the way this is gonna work if you fall into it says be falling through the water anytime you will die All right, swap sides you have found till the smoke clears go five four three two Ted Sir You're in the middle Oh, I know my fate I saw nothing that's okay. All right enough real change sides Swift or says swap sides Well, I need welcome go be guys watching live glad you're here Swift or says jump I say we can fit in the center over here. It's not very bad back in working this one right Swift or says aim straight up Let's move door says jump and fire a bullet while you're in there All right fire bullet then jump It's more a lobby. It's hard to trick people these days, huh? That's okay. That's what brute forces for This is a grenade run for your life So if you says die so that you're under the boat Which is going to the boat We're not under the boat in three seconds. You're gonna die. It's three do great one person gonna die from one of the boat with the personal Oh So just as we go back up there Well, it's a game you can give revenge on me later That's unfortunate All right, I'm back on the boat Swift says follow me. Yeah, that's unlucky You know what I'm gonna suit the pain with some some beautiful art Which is as over here we have ten paintings So it does take a moment and look at these paintings. So just if you can't see the painting I want you to walk behind me over here I'm gonna see the art right it Now you got the start. It's got a browse. I'm not gonna ask you anything too crazy But if you look at all these for like a couple of seconds, you should be able to pass my quiz I Have a come up with the question yet. Oh, I got it. I got it All right, so it says come follow me Not some a quiz you'll what you've seen So it says everyone stand on on any of the seats So it says looks straight up. That's why you can't cheat by looking at other players We'll have two seconds to answer this question those the answer incorrectly We'll be punished Just make sure you're standing up Thank you All right first question do a simple one if just says if there were flowers in any of the photos jump After says if there are clouds in all 10 paintings crouch If there were clouds in only nine out of 10 of the paintings crouch After says if there were mountains one of the photos jump once No, no no mountains bro No, no, that's okay, so does everyone look down To says dog come with me man Let's check these photos follow me dog. Yeah, let's let's check these Mountains no Yes, no yes Sort of no sort of no yes We have three of the exact same paintings with mountains in them All right, so does it look back up one last question All right, so just as if any of these paintings had a human in them jump Good job y'all you guys all passed all right everyone follow me Swift resist follow me Yeah, they can't believe they got that time Here we go It's time for a little dinner date which is Well, everyone to be going to date with another player so just get go to a table with your date. You have no date. I'll be your date Yes, already So just as pleased to add on top the table make it extra rat things in it. Oh Arch Are you okay, man? So it says arch duck Oh, wow, I was really romantic I'm like I'll be your date. Okay All right, so it says when I fire my bullet you'll fire yours. Sorry, Mikey No, that would be fun like at our day. Oh, yeah, it must be super unfair to get randomly shot See I wasn't actually aiming at you I Don't want to kill four players. I do want to kill three though fire So it says crouch If it says when I say the name well fake holiday Kill your date Valentine's day Christmas Monica Quanza Thanksgiving President's day better than his day So it just has stopped this was a bad idea Mushroom day Sir as that's what it says stop So does this follow me Good job hungry and proud of you I had restraint today I almost did it about like you said stop so like that's right correct answer I bet mushroom day might be a real holiday some more anyway probably all right, let's do a counter. We got five players left Okay, quick game arch what happens you man You You still got to have just says please stand in this wall There we go very Very scenic all right last person to jump dies I think something broke on mind Yes, you're scuffle. So it says jump once yeah, jump twice Yes So it says jump once when you hear my gun Age you did you hear my gun yeah, he said jump once then I shot again Yes, I didn't know if that counter does like keep doing it when he's shot So that's what was confused. That's like I feel like you don't die But you know what we're gonna bring back democracy All right, well AJ liver die L for live D for die should you have jumped L for live D for die Do it We'll put a put 30 seconds on this I think you should die I still want to fire my gun you jump once I fired my gun you didn't jump Oh All people are on your side AJ I think the people I love democracy very good Okay All right, so it says AJ is forgiven So it says every time I fire my gun it will jump once Does that work for you AJ? That does work yes thank you All right, friends will come in and run for your life What does this freeze New York please go into pran Oh, that's cool gotta get my cut points worth that were provided to me by call of duty. Thank you Great four players left You So it says follow me So it says freeze Mikey AJ I fired my gun and you two did not jump Oh, that's very clever yeah, that's very clever actually. Yeah, not fair enough So does Mikey AJ come with me Gotta make a living somehow man professional Simon says player All right, are not even player post hungry Sort of says hungry AJ congratulations you notice it was on here But does cast hungry please stand on top of here I left twitch now I'm actually live on on twitch and youtube and tick tock right now Well, let's still get way more viewers on on twitch overall although sometimes youtube blues Oh, actually never mind. It talks got like a thousand something nevermind. I stand corrected All right, there's does Mikey AJ I only need one of you guys to this way of finale still kill each other Oh Mikey said no AJ point you're gonna Mikey said How do you feel now Mikey? Do you want to shake your head at me now? We just shake your head at me again All right, Swift says both of you guys aim against each other All right, so AJ's from from Europe Mikey. You're from the US. I suspect release North America, right? Yeah, we're gonna do a little quiz based on Asia Ray, Ray nice all right when I name a Country that an actual country that is not in Asia you will kill each other Remember country is not in Asia China Fourth Korea South Korea Island Exico Now AJ would you like to explain to Mikey while he's why he's dead? Huh, he's in sight Swift says Oh, it's hard for me to pick up on that All right, so just as congratulations hungry and cast please follow me You're one of you two will win the game or maybe both you will win the game if I do a bad job But just as please follow me Is that mean I'm alive again? No It's means my failed mini game won't make it to the footage That's bad. I was really bad. We did that before previously It is possible to get on both of those is possible. Oh actually, you know what's with that again No, it's the first way to play this map I asked for players to get on that second Second one when in God, please help me with words words are so hard That's four by four. Teller. Pillar. Pillar. Pillar. Yes. Thank you If you get on that pillar You'll live If both of you guys get that pillar We'll do another mini game. I hope to says both of you get on that pillar you have 30 seconds good luck It canceled me over. Oh, oh be careful. How do I get up? Wow Oh One Oh, oh, oh, I'm going to do it. All right As one time was up the first person to get on there was simply win the game But in the next 10 seconds you guys can both. Oh, there's one. Oh, oh All right Yeah, so the final player well Yes, all you have to do is get on there successfully without dying and you win the game. That's it Oh, the second one. That's right. Okay Yeah, 14 minutes. I've got 13 minutes. You got it I wouldn't be so sure What it's look baby steps. I would say jump on the first one first and the second one That's what I'm trying There we go. I was in the It's hard to look. I haven't even done that myself. Here. I'll show you guys All right one and then I have to get a little do a little sprint off that one. I think Oh, you're dead. Are you not dead? Oh, dang She's alive There we go. All right All right, I'll give you right there Oh, you have to be on that left side Like that wet ish side. Oh look you just move around and do so you don't see a red screen telling you you're gonna die I mean by the time I got on that second port it was like less than the second door cast Oh, wait no one no one on here. No, guess Oh my god Look the fact that you're out of me. I'm gonna assume that she was gonna make it on there. All right Adjus is in the windcast All right, that's okay. I was gonna hop off and let you give it a shot My plan was not to stay on there and let you get on at the same time. All right. All right. All right. All right. GG