 Yo what's up everyone welcome to Swiftress says says jump if you're in this game Wow stop jumping there we go that's great yeah all right there you know one's AFK great all right crotch if you're paying attention right now Hi what's your name? how do you jump and then crouch what do you mean don't just go in the grabble I said please do that don't worry man don't worry let's let's let's do let's do a replay of the stream I said so just jump if you're here go on and then I said crouch if you're you're paying attention now it's obvious trick and you you stood up from crouching right now how'd you go from jumping to being crouch she could stand up when that crouch part happened I'm just gonna do I'm just gonna do I'm really I'm really just here looking for your help crab look can you help me man can you help me explain how you crouch I don't think I don't begin moving sure I've got what you said then oh swetter I just think it was a visual bug it was not a visual bug it wasn't I like that the fence still crabble I'm just I'm just wondering how you went from jumping and then you look over to you and then you stood up and ask you look crouch that means the stand up you have to be what beforehand and in order to stand and call a duty what other what are some other positions you can be in before you stand owning yep what else okay what else okay that's not pretty okay which one of those were you before you stood up okay why were you crouching then then how you say you said you're just said you're not here I feel like we have a failure to communicate I have to use a different language so it says Amy crabble so it says unload oh dear he's the joy what come on down so it says atomic wave come on down so it is big head dummy rejoin the game sir I asked you guys to murder crabble who'd you murder remember his name right yeah well yeah you kill him now how'd that happen you just run me through the process you always is I was aiming at him and then I unloaded and like I guess it was it the recoil yes so is the recoil yeah so return to the group please be careful thank you yeah you look like one away from the gun my sponsor whatever all right swifter says please form a circle around the statue this is mon warfare two that were in mon warfare three still has an issue where lobby sizes are limited to 13 players once lobby sizes are restored we will then return to mon warfare three hopefully all the way hey I'm next expert all right switch says aim your gun at one of the hands of the statue great switch says aim your gun at the at the statues right hand think about it yep switch says fire one bullet what the hell hang on oh my god oh my god someone fire a gun at the left hand and unfortunately they paid for that tracer you caught all right switch says everyone aim down it's investigation time switch says aim straight down no one's done is one oh switch says fire one shot at the floor sir oh god the color of your tracer there's another one there's another person with the same tracer where where sir right here phone saw the hand not right here yeah switch says sir come with me or cold purple no problem all right switch says wait you believe hang on there's another person with the same tracer all right let's make this really easy I'm not snitching that is definitely snitching by the way yes all right all right switch says please no more I got this all right so it says both you guys have a question which we guys aimed at this hand right up of your so just scratch the aim that this hand right above me was you okay there we go that's why figured you can go back to the line all right I give them points for being honest yeah yeah I give them points to I'm gonna give them a lot of stuff we're all gonna give them a lot of stuff all right so it says what's your name sir dummy bear dummy bear do you find like so I'm right handed my wife is right handed but our our first child at the very least is left handed I feel it's gonna create like you know be like a zombie deal but you know I still have to like you know consider that now are you left handed to right handed I am right handed okay okay now why do you think you made that mistake by pointing at the wrong hand I was on the wrong side of the statue you wait that's why what does that mean okay so hear me out yeah yeah you said to shoot the what what's what hand did you say to shoot right hand right hand yes yes yep so I was over here yes I got so do yeah guy me through as soon as the guy me through yes you're over here sides of like you saw my hand for me right I just saw the hand and you know there was no right hand because there was no right hand so you just a one handed statue from as far as you can tell this guy has one hand yes that hand was basically both his left hand and his right hand from your perspective yes okay the worries so what does this come on me man so just please stand on this cement bag over here now from here so does this can you see both hands yes so does now aim at his right hand all right there you fire one bullet good you fired at the right hand I also didn't say swift recess swift recess crouch swift recess last person to stand eyes I asked to many folks I can't I can't tell that was swift recess follow me to the east so if this says please lap shoulder as best as he can quick a little self promotion going on here if you're watching on youtube thank you for pressing the like button and appreciate it if you're on tiktok thank you for double clicking the screen that's a a like as well the folks on twitch thanks for being a follower I appreciate it guys thank you there a self promotion complete great swift recess look around another observation test for you guys so just as there is two large circular objects on this wall one on your left one on your right yep it's just look behind you yeah now you there you see it one with an intricate pattern on it two large ones you know it's like it goes white then blue then black then white then black you get it you see it going look looks a little bit like a dart board not really but you know I'm saying right great there's a very center of either one either one good and going for a bullseye or fire one shot other people shot they're gun two but you're the one I spotted what's your name bro uh do you mean guy you've got any reason why you're looking at me because I shot the boy at when you didn't I'm sorry oh my god are you turning yourself in man yes I'm gonna get out of here don't be honest and make it on me let me be very clear I tremendously appreciate honesty um I think it's very important to me if anyone ever lies to me in my community or outside my community or anywhere really like I right I lose my respect for them and and they're no longer you know worth me you know work with but this game is a little bit different man in this game it's literally a rule you're only in trouble if you get caught she never ever turn yourself in good Kapiche I'm sorry all right good turn around I didn't say such a s all right oh all right swiftest says jump once jump twice swiftest crouch last person to stand dies haha oh oh oh swiftest stand up before the gas of the smoke clears stand up stand up stand up sir you believe you determined you did you stand up late after the smoke cleared what's your name but there's a swiftest is please follow me all right well I'm gonna take a wild guess you step late because I take a wild guess there was a delay with your microphone my microphone Yes, your Michael's one. Okay, got it. So let's test this delay. Is the delay happening right now? Yes, all right. How are we gonna fix this delay? All right, let's test this delay. So it says I'm gonna fire my bullet in two seconds. One two Just came I could do it. All right All right, I have another idea for testing this out. So it says jump That's pretty good. So it says crouch So it says stand It says dodge this bullet Great, so it says fire one bullet at the center of the circle you're looking at All right, that's pretty good fire five minus four bullets at the circle That was me that was me you know sometimes people won't do it unless they hear someone else It's it's kind of like me trying to like you know kick the vending machine to see if it'll do something That's what I'm basically trying to do there All right, so it says everyone please follow me. We're going to the southwest All right, it is time for one person at least a randomly die. I'm soaring advance Switcher says everyone on this platform up over here Side for random death random death If you can't dodge a wrench you can dodge a swift or says you're bright Yeah, yeah, welcome. Welcome if you guys are watching. Yeah, basically all of our short videos are made from from these live sessions here So you guys are basically behind the scene. I also post the full videos on on YouTube eventually But the real heroes of these videos are are the incredibly cooperative patient Folks you see in front of you in every game they're the real heroes and now it's time for some heroes to die All right, so I did this I had a few moments when I fired three bullets Into the scaffolding above me when I say the name Of a type of potato or Potato dish you can jump off and save yourself so get ready Dumplings it's spaghetti french fries It's what just says freeze oh my god Unfortunately I didn't know guys unfortunately did not say spifter says that jump off when I say the name of potato dish or whatever that whatever I said It's all a trick an intricate ploy the trick you guys for our own entertainment and it was success now kill each other Shame on the six of you I did not say switch or says kill each other To each other now Well, man, it kind of deserved it. All right, so it says big head please return to the group A little messier than I'm used to but it's okay All right, yes sir. How can I help you? Can we please move towards the Right a little bit. I'm slowly being pushed off and I don't want to fall off in the name triple Are you being pushed off by someone in particular? No, it's just in general Who'd be okay? I'm right on the edge. You'll be all right. We're almost out with this minigame. I promise All right This is below you guys is being placed off Okay, look look look look X-ray. So does X-ray can rejoin the game? What? X-ray Back up as far as you can Swiffer says back up as far as you can I'm trying Look all you guys have to do is go to safety to my left over here So it just says go if you don't do by the time the center gun disappears You're dead Oh Almost need to You're really useful there That's a bullshit. I'm just saying it isn't the bullshit my friend. I am not arguing with you I'll jump all the helpers those that jump before me from no All right you guys are survivors all right last person on top of the scaffolding in guys go Searchers has go Oh Let's do it What is in this. Yeah I'm a lie. I'm scared. I'm scared. Get the girl up there and say real time. That's what you call a lethal company to it. Hello, who is this? Bell. Hello, Bell. All right, congratulations to the Bell and X-ray. You're our final player, so just leave me in the center of the map. Okay. X-ray, go back to the laptop. It's very quick. I'm sure you'll remember. Let's see my clubs from here. Not every game will be like five hours long. All right, sometimes bad things happen to nice people. Hi, girlie. Hello. All right, you guys are good friends, right? Yeah, I know. This is going to make it even better because this is going to, you guys have to kill each other. It's going to be great. It's going to become enemies. You've got to win it. It's going to be cool to me. All right, cool. Let's find a fun place to do this. Which is both you, please. On this platform over here. All right, the fun part about this game is that it's possible to win it. The game is that it's possible, very possible for there to be a tie. Okay. So it says please don't move. Okay. So. Yeah, you can only move a muscle. All right, so here's something. Let me think about the rules for this one for my please don't move. I bowed to I was well. I know how I want this to work in my head by. I need to communicate this communications. A difficult thing for me sometimes. All right, so if it says please go into prone with that moving left or right or whatever. So it's going to prone carefully. Yeah, there we go. Okay. Cool. You're the rules. I'm sliding. I'm sliding. You're fine. You're fine. As long as you don't move yourself, it won't trigger. So here are the rules. Once you leave the platform. You're allowed to melee the other player and you become the winner. What does those little rules look like? The old man's hands. So if there's as once you have left that platform. We're allowed to stab the other player. The last remaining player wins. Obviously standing up would be bad. Remaining in prone could be good. You prone yourself off that platform quickly. You jump away. Maybe you'll kill the other player anyway. I honestly don't know what will happen. So what does it say? You can do. We have 18 more minutes. You guys take all the time you want for this one. Well, how do you want to do this? We can really talk about this now. I don't know. I don't know. Show me the face. The lead might show you windballs. Take leave out my book. Just leg it and hope for the best. Of course, because they can't. Shoot the mine. Shoot the mine. That's probably swift. There's someone who's like. Shoot the mine. Shoot the mine. That's probably swift. There's someone who's like. Shoot the mine. Serious. Because if we shoot the mine, we don't die. We know this. Exactly. Exactly. You just want to say. Belle, do you just want to like run for it? Like just say, you know. Should we run for it or should we try to slide out of the platform? And then we'll wait until we both have feet on the ground before we start our mail a war. We would have to move really, really fast for this. Like really fast for this. No, if we slide and it goes off, it's gonna blow up on top of us. Yes? Well, how are we gonna slide? We just, we're in prone. We just scooch over the edge. I think we go in the right direction. I think we're done. Just arrived. If you wanna, if you wanna try it, we could try it. I don't know. I don't know. X-ray. I'm gonna get it making decisions. I think if I stand up, I'm gonna die. I feel like if we move, we're gonna just die. I think if we stand up, we're gonna die for sure. I think our best bet might be to try to slide off. All right, then we could try for it. You wanna do to count down, because I'm really nervous. Okay. Or we could just shoot the mind and take the draw. Like, we could just shoot it together and listen. Listen. Listen, if you guys shoot the mind, shooting the mind was not one of the rules. You guys would both lose the game, by the way. Or whoever shot the mind would lose the game. If you wanna tell, I was willing to do that X-ray. The classic of me. Just stand up and let my next float make it a die. I think we should try to slide. And that case. Okay, let's try to slide. Okay, you wanna do to count down. On, on three. Ready? One, two, three. Oh. Yeah. All right, it's a tie. Congratulations, ladies. All right, the tie between Bell and X-ray. What are your shout outs, ladies? Go for it. Oh, my God. My lady, please you first. You wanna do your shout outs? X-ray. The controller. Oh, me? Oh, I thought you wanna go first? No, you go first. All right, well, I wanna give a shout out to Swiftr and the Swiftr community. And also, I'm streaming right now. So shout out to my Twitch. You could follow me at x-wary-x-dash. Ray Girl 13. And yeah, and shout out to funk too. Funk has been really helping me with the streaming and like getting everything set up. Set up. So shout out to funk. And that's it. There you go. Can a mod do a shout out for x-ray girl, please? All right, and Bell. It's shout out. Swiftr, of course, X-ray, of course. Absolutely. Too cool T-L-A-L. My gosh, there's so many. But X-ray has been, you know, my glue here recently. And I've needed her as much as she's been there. So absolutely shout out to x-ray. And I'll give it a shout out to Brandon. He'll know. There you go. Blow up Brandon. Shout out to minty. I love you, X-ray. And shout out to minty. All right. You're my new Jack. Shout out to Jack. Great game, guys.