 What is up everyone welcome the Swiftress says Swiftress says everyone on the green car You can't fit I've got another place for you Yay Evan Don't cry Don't move, don't move Two One Swifter says freeze Freeze, freeze, you've got the car right on the floor Freeze, freeze Freeze, freeze What the hell man Oh my god Alright Swiftress says if you're not on the car Come over here Someone just pushed me over here That's a shame Make your way over here bro Hold that garage forever Never let go Alright Congratulations Stop, crowd We're so close to get found Great Swiftress says everyone on the green car Please make your way on to the rooftop right over there You can figure it out again there I'll just follow the crowd Alright you guys have the pleasure of performing our fence challenge We've done this we did like an entire video on this We did like an entire video on this We didn't just do this in the entire video We won't be the case this time but it'll be you guys I don't remember this I'll demonstrate for you guys Oh Jesus Keep it good Alright so I know where I went I moved to the left side of my out of bounds and then Oh I failed If I was you I'd die So that's not gonna be you Oh Great How far down the fence? I'm on the middle of the road All the way to the building? Oh it's the end Take your time I'm died Oh my god Can we do it? Can we do it? No you like I'm gonna hit it I'm gonna go last I'm just let you know I'm pretty sure No, I'm fine I was the first one documented to complete it So you guys can complete it too Yeah That sounds like a humble brag bro Alright Yeah and you've done this before haven't you? I think I died Thanks God You know what? There are too many of you guys Swiftus says you guys don't know me Make a small line, shoulder to shoulder First I have one person do it In fact we're just gonna... This punishment will end when one person does it successfully Great Alright so just as the last person to crouch goes first Hi, what's your name? Twifter says come with me man He's got in the space There we go Yeah so You got this key We don't, yeah don't Yeah it's down bounds It's not a rush man Look if you do this on your first try everyone lives I'm not trying to heal it Don't I get yourself to get yourself to the situation Oh alright Well who goes that? Swiftus says last person to stand goes next And I continue my strike at the line first Swiftus says your name sir Swiftus says get on the fence please You're best That Cody Alright man What if it looks all you have to do is without falling I guess you get yourself situated there we go Without falling off that fence You need to walk to the very end Over here It's not a race Take your time I'm a dissimilar sat There you go, Swiftus is begin You got this Swiftus says folks in the roof if he falls off the fence Murder him We believe in you sir He's doing great He's doing great Once he does it Once he does we move on with the game Don't turn the hurry up All their lives are on the line man He's doing great I want the more the more the more Oh my Good job Alright the slide over here Last person to crouch goes next Swiftus says freeze I didn't say Swiftus says crouch Oh my Alright one, two, three, Swiftus, you three Go up there on the roof Okay It was me How do you get on the roof Alright there's a lot of you five goofed There's a lot of you five goofed There's a lot of you five Okay Guys we going So this is a team member Which roof I don't know Man I'm so confused I don't think we messed up You messed up Yeah so I'm good I stay standing not in crouch Say she's super knocks If you stay standing then you should be on the roof Oh I'm so Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa Whoa you two You guys Get over here How do I get up there? You guys are teams You two are team and you two are team Alright so this is you two will demonstrate first What's your name? Squishy Alright Squishy please stand on the side of the fence Without falling off And name Oh swifter It was old swifter come on me man Let me let you stay standing right over here All swifter Alright now Guys both of you Have a much easier challenge You don't have to go all the way across the fence The do is meet up Together without falling off the fence One person gets wet the end wave for the other guy But your best friend has to meet in the center right Now the moment one of you guys fall off Both of you die There we go Alright So it presents you two again Loud and clear You can if they fall off Oh yes So it's old swifter Who is the other person? That's Squishy EJ Squishy yeah Oh swifter Come on, hold swifter If they can just touch each other while falling off the fence They're both safe I feel pretty good about this I think they can do it Oh swift Oh god Don't rush it Oh no That was unfortunate Okay, next Alright, same deal Name please Your mom Alright mom, is this this is? Alright, please don't know what to smoke You got this mom Don't throw small plays No snow Alright, swifter says begin You guys can spend the next 36 minutes on this I don't care It games over until you fall off Come on Or you mean Oh Wow, you guys synchronized that like Romeo and Juliet What the heck was that Well, there goes that Swifter says everyone please follow me Unfortunate And much greater flying first Well, all yada Happens I'll let you allow to get tickets I don't care And this is my back and this orange truck please Everyone can make it on there I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I believe I said please make sure you're standing up So there's no singing Is this the truck that heals you Nah, I don't think so No, that's the other one What does kill you are other players Malay, one person now No, no It happens. Should have been... Swoopers is light, please make your way out. There we go. Swoopers is light. It was my job to trick you. I tricked you. Nothing wrong with that. Swoopers has killed him. It happens. Alright, great. That was obviously just a fight, Thailand. I expect the moke of the Dining. Alright, it's time for most of you to die, unfortunately. Yay. Proximate mine is on the front of this vehicle. I'm going to say I'm going to wait for the back. Other my lesson this time. We're way back here. Look, all you guys have to do is... Just dolphin, I want to. Listen. You don't even have to go on top of it. What I have to do is go get into the back of that truck. You see the back of the beast inside there? If you guys are careful, the red truck straight ahead to the west. Is the proximity mine on the hood? Avoid the proximity mine. The one who did it back is the one who you fit in the back. You're fine. I'll pick up the proximity mine and we'll use it later. Swoopers says go. Oh no, you... Good. Good. No. Oh no. T.I. You deserve that. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Yes, he did that on purpose. Yeah, you mischievous rabbit you. A.A.S. And they were telling you, you tried to take me off. Well, I guess putting it back, that was a lot of people who died. We were friends. T.I.L., and I thought we were friends. We're welcome to talk to the sack. 20 people just died right there. Come on. All right, guys. Straight right now. I feel betrayed by two. All right, guys. Swoopers says, time for the next challenge. No. Swoopers says the first. The first thing get out of this truck dies. Oh. I think we're fine. I think we're fine. I think we're fine. I think we're fine. I think we're fine. I think we're fine. I think we're fine. I think we're fine. One person already got out. Yes, get out. Yes. Oh, we got out. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Oh, damn. There ain't great. Wait, one minute. That was so good. Oh, that's sad. I don't know. Wait. We're not doing on the game. That's sad. You not pick the head. I thought you said. Oh, man. Yeah, you can do it down. Yeah. Swoopers says stop. You can knock it down. Oh, that's fun. Swoopers says they want to back in the truck. I like that idea. I'm not a truck. I'm not a truck. I don't know if I go to your left. How many are left? Oh, it's going to kill us all. No, it won't be all right. If you shoot away from me. I think seven people are left. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. All right. Swoopers says it's your job, guys. You get that thing down. Swoopers says begin. Wait, wait, wait. Stop. You're going to shoot each other. Wait, stop. There you go. There you go. Good job. Good job. Good job. As a reward, we've got this. It's a cool trick. Go and grab it. Yeah. Oh, it's a mine. Is it a joke? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Did you get it? Oooo. Let's go outside. Let's go outside. Let's go downstairs. Hold on. Hold on. How do these things work? Oh, Jesus, where? Hold it safe. Oh, God. You don't have to walk that way. You walk around. Swoopers says the last person to get to me dies. Get to me dies. Last person gets to me dies. Oh! Oh! No! Oh, wow. What's up with that? It's the same thing he already does. I've seen that way. Oh, this was dead. Oh, no. So, it's been congratulations. All of you guys survived. All right. All right. There are six of you. Oh, OK. It's time for, uh, for, first, whiffer says ghost addition. Oh, no. Oh, no. No problem. Oh. Swiffer says, please make your way on to the rooftop once again. It just says ghost addition. Oh, the rooftop that we were on at the beginning. No. The one that went closest to you over here. I just want you guys in the roof. It just looks better. How do you guys get? How are you guys doing? How did this time go up the first floor of the ladder? Is it a quick game? Yeah. I wonder who's dropped that was. All right. So, this is my fault. All right. Then we'll go up the roof early or we'll do the worst thing at the same time. Great. So, is this looking at the chimney? the yeah the chimney over here see that cylindrical object in the center of the roof that pipe there we go so it says stand in that chimney if you want to die so it's a steering go ahead then stand on it so it's a steering please start in the chimney I'm going to throw a a look I threw a bus or a video home blender don't worry only steering can defend the home blend steering I'm looking up your cake you sure all right so it says it is many people on top of that chimney as you can go don't throw a you have three but it's unfortunate come on we're we're the zoom for four definitely no you just got to back up a little bit definitely yeah yeah yeah yep yep yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah oh oh well you know what I think it's about extra no problem no problem I said the people on the chimney die don't worry all right so listen it's real guys don't worry only one of you will die so maybe so it says make you in your back bro I just want one of you guys to die what I said in name the character from Sesame Street so this is crotch you have no idea what Sesame Street is or who the characters are oh no those are the people they're going to die all right say Kirby say Kirby it's one of them sir sir are you trying to ruin my mini game no stop thank you all right so this is you four when I say the name if any character from Sesame Street you'll kill only one person there will be three people on top of the chimney and four understand only one death take your mail your way bro this guy has a shield all right first character shimo over small bird why are you all looking at me powerful puffless snuff love against that's a real one by the way that's not that's really yes that's the the the the the the the the the the the the what's name who's the the the the I All right, okay, I got one I got one Nathan and Nathan and take talk chance fired me here. All right When I name a character so this is my name a character from the Simpsons You'll murder one more player up there. Oh I asked they did nothing these people they were there. I just even get on here list these people You All right Serious serious. Serious Syrian Syrian Syrian that is fair. She does Syrian to his one player to join you up Well they are in the chimney. This is more spot. Oh Isn't it obvious Fung get your ass off you Thanks, right? Sorry, just funk please make way up there All right, great we kill a Syrian by the way All right, so this is what I say the name of a character From the Simpsons you will murder only one player that means three people will be up there bow So it says listen carefully. We're gonna kill two people I have good reaction time. Well don't kill me, but Mr. Rocker you I'm gonna get I'm gonna get super intended choppers You Willie Willie willie is a character Thank you What sort of is that is that X-ray down there? The in-payment book. Yeah, so does that actually please join them up there Yes, sir There we go We good we good all right here we go. Okay next one So it just says my name a real character from the show friends We'll kill one player That's a pretty popular show. I mean, I've never like directly watched it But I've like passed me watch my wife's watching it. I just really characters All right, let's begin I'll be there for you Yeah, it's what just says when I say the name of a character from friends all right Johnny Oh Bo Chandleer Jo Jo Rochelle Joey Wow, who is getting the kills there are a top of their my god crab. Love travels on top of his All of you time No, I just like how he just keep aiming for the Satellite discrimination to me all right All right, all right, go ahead Siri name me something you know By him Great Call of the call of duty London's all right All right, so it says my name when I name a real studio that's worked on Call a duty order only one player Oh fall off there, buddy Don't fall off grab low All right, so it says the game is begun Raila kid studio Any bunch of a bunch of votes Stop moving Bob make him nervous chain saw games Hi moon There you go all right, you know you didn't know your stuff there you go good job Yeah, hi moon I'm gonna actually worked on a couple of the really great transformers games that came out like a decade ago It was a rise of cybertron fall cybertron with that warfare cybertron really good really good All right, it's two of you guys left kill each other We My Minus前 God We're gonna be the people out Shut out what happens when you're getting the chimney What's your shot Syrian? Okay, shout out to the to cool dog drags. He's awesome and shout out to TSU fun for being the absolute worst Swiftest player of all time