 What is up everyone welcome to a special swifter says I can't get off with a duel between 34 players Swifter says do everything about the tell you Swifter says walk up to the partner you have and shake their hand that just looking up and down No hard feelings for what's about to happen guys Affe you're not in this clear I don't have to make a wish though I still love you I'm in this Beautiful site, beautiful site Turn around so that you're back to back with your partner In a few moments I'm gonna ask you to walk as slowly as possible When I fire my gun you will turn around aim at your partner and fly a single shot No dodging No jumping they're going into prone no moving out of the way you turn around you aim Fire shot before they do if you miss you wait Walk as slowly as possible and wait for my gun shot I got to go In grad you want your duel Swifter says lap shoulder shoulder sound it's time that he was busy hanging on sort of lap shoulder It's time for for court So just are there any victims who believe that their partner or someone else wrong doing the game that didn't follow the rules So if you look at your kill feed or your your kill cam and you were wrong they broke the rules This is a time to speak up otherwise it will get away scot free Okay, let's start let's start with you all right sort of says what's your name and who's your partner? Chill and my partner was What was his name? It was the guy on the left on the left side and I think next to you That's already equal did you fire more than one shot I fired one How many bullets do you have in your mag I 30 how many bolts is your mag hold? And odd number of 31 I don't know bro Chill Spectate deserigo looking as mag do not reload all right next case The guy I was supposed to kill did not I did not kill him, but he's dead So someone killed your partner someone wrong to my partner although I would have killed him I was all right well they will have to they will have to submit a case on their own all right next Oh hot. Oh, what's your case? He moved what's his name? Mohawk man. No, I mean the person you were that person that moved. Oh, it's blood wolf Blood wolf That's what I was dead my welcome my welcome man moves this blood wolf speaking. Oh, well. Oh, oh, oh Hawk man moved Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh man. Did you move bro? I'm sure there's straight line and turn around and it is a second nature man. So does mohawk move mohawk man move All right, all right next next next complaint Sailor moon all right, so you're gonna want to complain one at a time Um the bro stick together and the bomb Like mailing me with his gun How could wait was he? Was me even Manly what bros. What's your story meant what happened? All right good talk all right next I was wrong to be killed by someone else beside my partner box draw who killed you Bronco Bronco Bronco, okay, all right, who was and who was your partner? My partner was bro stick together and he was like Louisville Dude decided to kill some other guy for fun. I actually shot. I like that idea. All right next Any other any other unresolved Uh cases here. Show. Have you had a chance to look at uh desert eagles? Uh, yep So he has 30 30 in his mag but 231 All right, desert eagle reload your gun I didn't click it Well, then you reload out. Oh, you must have reloaded that for already But his reserve this 231 so now this becomes a situation of like your word versus his so chill So he shot nine times so I can't shoot I didn't shoot nine times Hang on hang on hang on chill can you give me a re like you know give me a verbal reenactment of what happened between you and desert eagle and they kill camp Wait, what's up? What happened? Oh, yeah, so he trained around he just uh he looked at me and sprayed me He sprayed you did it feel like a burst or was it clearly multiple shots All right, desert eagle sort of says please fire one bullet at the floor All right All right, are there any other cases that are not resolved as anyone here not gun justice? I did not get justice but my partner did his stuff right so I'll just kill him and so All right So if recess we're gonna continue the mini games. So if recess laps shoulder to shoulder. Oh Yeah, I don't have a winner are you are all of you guys winners this what recess Oh Fine You Find a new partner Bro, it can't be serious for me. No, he has my sniper my sniper is two of a pound Who is this makes my job he is gaming? No, he's gaming a scaring me. Can you do me? Are you scared? So it's fine your partner you have five seconds those left any partners will Will be disposed of four 2-1-0 sort of says freeze All right, so it says walk up to your partners Vulcan I swap why did you pick me? All right sicko unfortunately, no one of the apartment. It's okay. So does sicko. Please come with me man You'll just go next you have a partner I have Vulcan Then you're gonna get you go you're good to go if you have a partner. It's last fall. It's uneven. All right Great All right, so just walk up here partner Well, it says no more talking So just walk shake their hand So just do everything I said I'm tired of saying my own name All right stop shaking their hand Turn around so you're back to back Same rules but I fire my gun you will turn around and fire a single shot at the other player Walk as slowly as the game will let you Oh Oh One damage shotgun This is life shoulder to shoulder are we get to do some mini games now? Do you want to do that again? mini games mini games this is lab shoulder shoulder Super eliminate me I'm sorry, I forgot hang on does anyone was anyone wrong? Were any rules broken? If you wrong you wrong, please state your case now No, okay Black mama you you're alive. What are you already what are you complaining about? No, no, I'm not complaining. I fired more than one time Who is your partner? And then I can you vouch for this did she break the rules did she not? I'm gonna ask one more time but then I didn't speak earlier did black mama break any rules? All right, well there goes the hint anyway All right, Swift says follow me. I thought it'd be a gem and be like that nothing nothing wrong happened I never faced me in a vlog you want to get you want to like you know spoke you know spoke up the reserve yeah, I don't issue Chuck and I love you but like even I accepted the fact that I was going down Yeah, I was trying to to outside he's been there but walking Anything else happened You're like really bad at call of duty so like it was bound to happen to me. I carry to a zombie shut up You'll never carry me in anything. Yes, I dare carry you bug in that one shackie Swift says the man crashed shoulder on the cross walk over here All right, Swift says just do what I say when I say Swift says All right Let's see how well you guys do Having a partner that hey, you don't have to kill all right Walk up to a player look at him the face. They'll be your friend for the rest of the game walk up to them look at them in face go ahead So if the sense walk up to a player to make your partner Is he me a friendly partner this time that's when you're gonna murder go away Sean. Jules is not a meat. Oh No FIFA FIFA FIFA you got a crab low No, no, no, no, no, no All right, let's go over the teams here. Serene and crab low. FIFA and SG star and Snoopy Sikyo and broken I lied killer partner All right, Swift says This is gonna be the area where you can be fighting for says you and your partner go find an area to stand in together Yep, so to spread out stay with your partner All right, great the Swift says going to prone All right, this will be a last team alive will be the winner of this game That means that both of you with what are live both of you guys when the Swift says all right two winners potentially Your job Step one sort of memorize your partner make sure you do not kill them by mistake There you go got it Rule number two sort of says you must be remain and prone the entire mini game Rule number three Swift says it's Maley only and rule number four. I might use some toys during the battle. So watch out All right Swift says remember be strategic some people some teams might just hang back and let you guys fight it out I'll be up to you how to deal with that. Swift says begin Sean Joseph be stay right here crabble you have a very long sword go on I don't know the end Oh, here's a melee weapon Wait, nobody's oh we have the perfect position. Let's go grab your ride crab lands in the van And then moving You got this you have better ping them. You grab new pick at the guys in front of me you get the guys in front of me Look in front of me Our sandwich Everyone surrounds broken and sicko are are just hanging back guys watch behind you snoopy watch behind you watch No, no, no, you're fine. You're fine. You're fine Go behind you. He's coming up. I'm sorry. Get him. Get him. Get him. He's No, no, no. Please look Look at the clones go off kill the clones go kill the clonesół is been wining a lot lately we need ended pretty proper no I'm here yeah crabble code your team He turned around 60 to 60 now broken two council Will be nice show Yeah, be nice. Go on, Crabble. Go on, go on, go on. Retreat or fight? No, we're going to squelching up a little bit. Watch your right, watch your right. Watch your right, Snoopy. No, man. Oh shit. So, where is Tim? You stood up. No! No! No! No! Hey, alright. You're probably leaving me a little bit. Crabble. You seem to get a bit of a bad, bad, new team. Fuck! Oh, Crabble got us. We're doing good. Oh, sorry. Alright, bro, we're getting this cheer together. She behind you. She behind you. Oh, oh! We're getting the same cheer, bro. Whoops. That's so good. Alright, broken and sicko are solo. Maybe they want a dark alliance to team up against us, Syrian and Crabble. Oh no. Oh no. One, two, three, one. Oh no. One, two, three, one. Oh no. One, two, three, one. Oh no. One, two, three, one. Oh no. You have the same time, shouldn't you? It's a two v1 situation here. Broken versus Crabble and Syrian. Come on, broken. Broken. You better clutch this. Come on, broken. I know it's over for you, but you can clutch this. A little bit of smoke. There we go. There we go. Wait, wait it up. Crabble, wait it up. I'm ready. Come on, come on. Push. Crabble, push up. I'm trying. He's not way to smoke. Crabble. You go. You come on. Broken. Crabble. Broken. Stop with three things. Look at that, broken. Look at that. Broken. Careful where you swing boys. Always swing. You mean the end everybody here. You're going to kill us. You're going to kill us. No, dude, I'm fine. I'm a professional. Broken. Don't stab your little co-man. Oh, no. We have no water. Oh, no. Wow. We made equal. Congratulations. The Syrian Crabble, a perfect game for the two of them. They are the winners. Gentlemen, what was your strategy there for winning the game? I said she was killing everyone, though. Easy. Can I get a more cohesive game? I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. Can I get a more cohesive answer from Crabble, perhaps? Point and shoot. OK. Great talk. All right. Victory speeches. Let's start with you, Syrian. Shout out Libya. Thank you. There you go. Crabble. Shout out the fake decoyla. Great lobby guy. Interesting one for sure. We're secure with the failed mission. Good game. Great game. Great lobby guy. Interesting one for sure. We're secure with the failed mission. OK. We're going to have to respect it.