 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says we're on shoot house or shoot out whatever it is. So just jump once Brotch once This please come with me sir. Yay No worry I look I like shooting people please we have to do this you please be ruthless today. I just be rude name please Oh Routure actually so someone just ask me to be ruthless unknown just come on down Yeah, who's off No Yeah, who's on me to be root No, it's not to me I'm not too busy. Yeah, is this is that Sam? That's two different people Who are you? No, no, no, no, no, guys some random guys. I'm not so does both of you guys over here. It's a chaotic random people Just come on All right, you three shoulder shoulder It was request that be ruthless Not to me though Oh, yeah, I didn't hear that detail so you said your name was hang on In game it's Johnny Mitchell yeah, I care about your your in game names. Gary. Oh Johnny. Yeah, look at you It's a right You made a mistake. That's my job. It's my job trick you guys for example you three shoot each other I swear to God I was like oh wait I guess rejoined but I was I was told me to be more to be ruthless this game so the answer is no all right All right, Simon says it won't crap Oh my god Oh So it says we crouch come on down it was him technically I couldn't hear you If you saw someone crash what you good for that Bro, I knew it was for that holy shit All right, so it says stop snitching Swiftress says I want snitching this time. So it says if you see someone that's not up here those crouching point you got at them Well, I think it's a wedding coaching sir. I know at least he's being rude. So just as pleased join them over there All right, we're good all right, so the lot okay, we did let's try this again last time I Try to demonstrate the game works, you know, so again everyone all of you guys I'm going to try and trick you again Don't fall for it. So it says aim at the person next to you Again, don't fall for whatever you do don't fall for it. So it says crouch Good melee All right next challenge The next one the first person to stand up and you do over here will be able to melee the other player So the faster you stand up the faster you can melee you melee before you stand up means you're a scumbag and you'll die also Ready set go Good job So it says all their players Is walk up to any player you'd like Hmm go ahead. Oh, be shy pick one. It's like you're picking out a puppy at the at the pet shop. Who's your puppy? I'm gonna be a burn and doodle oh Oh, thank the bunny I think it says you can stop looking at your partner. That's fair. I don't know I think I got the right point. I think I want to say All right, so it says each of you guys get to adopt one person and bring them back with you So it says go ahead adopt one person This is what they adopt you go with them. So it does go. I adopt you sir I adopt you You I I got hang on here. Hang on Travel up and man are you a puppy or you someone trying to adopt? I was trying to adopt you didn't find anybody would adopt Oh, man, I'm sad. All right hang on hang on I want three players to rejoin the game. So there's this unknown Three Pakistan and Johnny all three of you please rejoin the game My guy my guy my guy Hang on and don't go get excited yet. Rebel and Lee will only adopt one puppy I mean All right, so it says get familiar with your puppy. That is your friend for this entire game It's Okay, I've got some bad news. What does it want stop? I don't know If you have played the game called by was shocked before please go into prune Holy shit that was years ago if you played it I saw all game Oh wow wow well there is this one really sad scene and it will not really see and it's kind of like the game kind of Tell the stories we all like you know old recordings. Yeah, come on down Yeah, I didn't finish the game so and so I never I never played it. I don't know I mean it's an old game, but it's I don't really I don't really like spoil in the game I was really interested in it All right, but I'm gonna share you got with you guys one line that really broke my heart in the game Oh hang on Name Uh Johnny Mitchell name so And Where's that sub Yeah, so where's our third? I don't know you guys have me yeah No, he's in he's in the game No, there he is Yeah, there we go. Come on over there we go. All right, so it was a three of you guys your three puppies up in the shops There's a stand over here. No shoulder shoulder Okay, so Now crab low sort of see get to pick one puppy to bring back with you Let's make this fair. Let's do fake sniper. We left Yeah, I'm just 10% very slow sniper alert. Bro, I don't got all day pick it down goddamn puppy. Yeah Ghost There we go. Why do you have to see the skins? I see no skins All right, you've been show you switch it says you've been chosen as puppy go back to my life forever Elliott all right. Yeah, it's okay. So it says you two guys do not worry. I'm like killing you two So as you guys are just going the dog pound. So it says both of you guys look at each other Now before Johnny you know how you made a mistake right? I didn't say it's what it says and you still killed them right? Yeah This time it's different kill him Oh You know Can I just act? And what is the leading Be able to over here please let me do it Yeah, so because that's both of you guys you have to do for that. Oh no It's okay Johnny All right, and in this game you only do what I say when I say switcher says so for example No worries man. No look. It's your first game right? It's all good Yeah, so just on server. Yeah, yeah, so all you got to remember man is why like you just before you do anything It's like hey that bald egotistical guy running this place say switcher says if the actors no don't do it for example Johnny jump You just died again. There's no way Let's This is fix this is fixable. I think he's strong if I don't say switcher says don't do it. Let's try this again. It's just this Johnny jump All right Johnny crouch You got it. There you go man. You're now a Simon says professional player Millions of me earned and Simon says rocket just kidding all right. Have our two players rejoined yet Yes, one guy did Yeah, it was both of you guys back to your original positions of unknown unknown didn't unknown didn't lean yet. Yeah Give me once one man Back to my story number one Bob shock is one of the greatest games Ever made if you don't want to spoil or skip like five minutes later because it's a long story So in this game There's a scientist in the lore somewhere who was like training basically kind of hypnosis and he's like he's brainwashing this this young kid and The doctor tells the kid pick up that puppy And the boy goes no no papa call the doctor papa And then doctor said Break that sweet puppy's neck Oh, I see what you're doing. I see what you're doing job So it just says jump Pretty sad scene actually Those guys are making a new game called Judas okay wait So it just says crouch Now remember so it says do not interpret any of my words So does interpret my words extremely literally You Didn't crouch why That may have some insane To do to let's try this in so it's just you two I need to play this game with you guys finally All right, so does you two are in the dog pound? All right, so it just says you guys are each going to one of the time name me A song that involves dogs when the first person runs out of ideas they die All right unknown you go first just look at me Name me a song that involves dogs any song I was away I know SM what's your what's in the song involves dogs and any shape or form You say So put a bullet in your head if I don't get my god damn dog song right now So he shame is popping fluid what's what's a line and they're involved shames Shama's popping fluid what's what's a line that involves dogs now haven't I haven't listened to it oh? You looked it up you definitely looked On your phone bro you know the song Sir you don't even know the song you sound right here. Okay, your turn name Hey, God, that's a lyric man googling to survive all right your turn name name name name name Name name a song please So does that's probably you're asking me again. So are you the one to answer that time? I'm the one we want to lost our ear chart sir. Yes, go ahead So Swift as this is not this is unknown. We're not the same. Cool. Yeah, give me a god. I'm here Uh I want to be your dog. Oh my god Okay, all right next I want a dog what the fuck it's cool. It's cool. I want a dog. Can you sing me a line? Hmm I want a dog that's gonna be one of the reasons oh my god That's That's always look man. That's all the music tastes aren't there anymore. Holy moly. Okay. Okay next next next song go ahead Will the dogs out All right I was waiting for them Snoop D.O. Double G but uh yeah, that's it. That's well there you go. There we go next. Yeah, let's go to say it. Yep next that's about next Old kink What's the line then? Well, it's the dog from the I'm not familiar with that one I forgot it's like an old song. I'll take your word for it next You This is blind you two kill each other All right I want to participate in this so bad Swiftress funk come on down I Swiftress is punk come on down please I honestly thought I was muted All right, so I'm gonna stand over here All right, here we go. All right, so just funk take out a gun Uh, gun okay So just please stand over here funk and look at these two guys Yep, all right, you'll be conducting this one Swiftress says When funk names a real song that actually has dogs and it you will crouch If you get it wrong you die and if you get it and if you just says yeah, she says a song and your second person to crouch You also die. So first person crouching says real song lifts So sort of this funk. I'd like you try and trick them if you'd like So just says funk please stand over here. We have a view of both of them. Please Thank you. All right again. So it is start the game. Yes Okay, uh the stooges Okay Really okay The monkeys I don't know the name the actual song or the groups. Oh, the song please the song. Yeah, yeah, the song. Oh, okay I want to be your dog Oh, out the same time So you guys stand up. Oh, no, no one was first sort of stand up. Nobody. No, I got you all right. Let's let's let's let's keep it going All right Now you can name big songs if you want. Yeah, I got you my cat and me Gonna buy me a horse Hmm man of the hour No, nothing nobody. I love my dog Oh Let's go. I saw five all right. Hey, so if there's a good okay if I could rejoin You tonight. I know I'm not normally I know I'm not normally a way all at the time But I had a package come in so I it was like two stuff the way so I had to check if it was coming to my house And I had to like oh, what is the story? Yes, fine come in the game Oh How long is the story? Yes, fine. Be joined. Jeez, Louise No, it's the way to get back in I just got the new best guys shoes. I don't know man. It's good way to detail like relax All right as long as you need all right, so it says we're gonna please follow me forget the dog stuff. I'm done with that I don't know why I didn't say atomic doll from param from from darling. I don't really know I don't know songs that have dog in them Wait, where There's a line you got you'll figure it out Oh, I'm too too tipsy right now You already died three times how much you want to buy three times You guys doing great Switchers are gonna sign all of you guys a number it is up to you to remember this number Oh geez, so just look straight ahead so you know when I'm when I'm looking at you one two three or five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty twenty one twenty two twenty three twenty four twenty five twenty six twenty seven twenty eight twenty nine thirty So if you don't remember all the numbers just remember your number All right, let's make sure you guys all have your numbers correctly Pratch when I call out your number one two three four five six seven seven seven three four five six seven seven seven seven seven seven two and seven all right One of you guys have the dine fortune So just look at each other All right, so just as when you hear a number Your number can be divided by Kill the other player two one So if it says when I say a number that your number can be divided by Kill the other player One The number one Every number can be divided by one kill the other guy please Oh Oh my god Oh my god Oh my goodness Oh my goodness Oh my god So if it says return to the line It's okay You know what I deserve this every time we do a math thing it just make me sad to forget about it All right, that's okay Thank you numbers That's okay All right again, so just remember your numbers So if it says if your number is even crouched Oh This is a little weird So is this freeze Oh my god Oh my god This hang on we'll get to the bottom of this hang on hang on we'll get to the bottom of this All right, let's see one two three four five six Didn't you just Eight We're just crouching bro you mean you were seven you literally broke I didn't ask your age I was asking what number you were we're just we're just crouching in a moment ago He is number nine Bro I could have swore I saw you crouching you know you're not you weren't crying you weren't crouching just now Ten I was swarrow's number 10 actually look like you were pointing to me Didn't sure I was number 10 I said I'm gonna love the tool seven time 12 13 what number do you think you were Yeah, what number do you think you were I'm 12 you said 12 you look at me Wow Okay, well prop again This is my fault switches everyone stand up Swiftress says when I call your number run to this wall over here That will have no confusion One two three Four Five Six Seven All right, kill him eight Nine Ten Fifteen I will scout you I'm I'm just confused cuz like I swear I was ten eleven so now I don't even know eleven Thank you, okay 12 13 Sir This is not the way if you're 14 jump Hey you said I'm 13 Somebody died obviously the numbers got shifted you said I'm 13 No I'm just never got this game is terrible. So it's us following me forget it. I wasn't joined the game. Yeah, I'm Did bro, what are you talking about? I've been asking for too much you're asking for too much. Oh my god. Super says glad I'm shoulder to shoulder No make up your own anymore Let's go back to basics. Let's go back to basics Okay Just kidding if your number is odd crouch now Good job Best things happen Swiftress says look behind you There's a wooden wall if you cannot bend that wooden wall you will die go Wow, what's this stick stop for to stop wow What Oh, no, oh white He's got so many people he had to reload oh my god. I did not say it's for success All right, this is Matt come on down All right, Matt So just remind me again you you were fk because you a package The rise to yes But it says can you look at my hand you see what I'm modeling here No So please stand on there You said oh, but not my kid else man you're fine. All right So it's Matt you were a lot to move when it is five feet above your head Can we look at it? Why do you want backwards? Wow Everybody who's walking forward is faster than walking backwards For this one you All right grab a kill stick if you want go ahead You ready to deploy I'm ready to share I got a cluster by that's good news Oh, yeah, all right, so this is the one get on the wooden wall running interference Any wooden walls fine over here. Yeah, the entire entire part Thank you. See you lobby. We were supposed to not allow him get his kill streets Yeah, he's hanging off the wall Sorry, it took too long to die so now he's killing people Last time we did this was very disappointing Yay I believe this time It's Sifter says you must go through this tunnel So it was the last person So does if you cannot fit on the Square tire planter thing at the end of the tunnel You'll be in trouble so it says go You should put the fit on top you have to be first So does he must go Yes, I'll be away around around I come on yeah, because there's no one there they went back around they turned around yeah All right Unfortunately we lost too many players It's true time All right again, so does you must go to the tunnel all you have to do is one There's a tunnel and get the safety that means basically just turning this corner We said go the same time We do if you go at the same time if you go at the same time is better In the middle of the damn Deference all right now the game again this time this is you can't be the last person to get on top the planter Whatever this is switch versus go Oh, y'all daddy's hailed last person on it guys Last person on top guys Well stupid no it wasn't me All right, I think we can work in this number of people switch to says please follow me let's do the numbers game again We have we have enough people now to actually have some fun And game down for Chi men all right sort of is lap shoulder shoulder Mm-hmm Cheers my wait, what's the sign everyone a new number so does this please carefully listen to your number One so does repeat my number once I give it to you just we can like double check One again two And three three four four five Thank you Seven Excellent Kill all the odd numbers go All right, good job um how are we gonna do this gonna have some fun So it says odd numbers crouch Okay, so does this even number stand I Numbers going to pran Just as even numbers going to pran What All right all numbers stand up So does this look at me Right, so just says everyone stand up Stand up all right So Just keep looking at me, okay Great all right, so does this if you have a number jump If your number is negative crouch Good Numbers positive crouch So does this jump So does this if your number is divisible by three jump That's your hard I'm not divisible by three so I'm chilling All right, so does this please come on me Name sir Goofy Goober Give me an example of a number divisible by three It means the number yes You You can divide oh I need number 10 to divide it by three Six me divided by three what are some other whole numbers that can be divided by three Can 12 be divided by three yeah how about Let's say 30 can 30 be divided by three yeah Oh, what's your number Can he can three be divided by three Yeah Thank you all right, so we'll check it here. Maybe you're right math is okay You're wrong I need number divided by the numbers one It's all the other way He does six crouched Oh Let's try this again Swiftress says if you number can be divided by two crouch Good if you're number can be divided by one crouch Oh Switches we stand up That was good. That was good All right, so let me see here. We have Two or five six what mistaken okay good Do a little bit of math Got it all right Swiftress says If all your numbers combined Ep to number I say You're allowed to jump on top of this wall Which is the last person on the wall when that's done we'll die So we're just let's take a second and do the math mine all those numbers Well good luck with that sir why all right Oh, I'm fucked 17 You Two four Five six I think it's 17 that's right yeah, oh wait we want to die geez Oh Two plus four six six plus six is 12 12 plus five is 17 Okay, great All right Same game last person took this wall when I say the name of your numbers combined oh god. What was this number? AC? What was your number? Mine was two thank you all right last person's wall when I say the number of your your current total dies 21 18 15 Oh wait, we say these things number was two 17 minus two is what guys Oh So it says you two please follow me All right, yeah, yeah, we're back in and creating reality Look you guys are both so close I Did you win the very last game? No, no, no, but like the last time I was on a one in there. Oh there your own personal straight there we go there we go great yeah This one's a little bit of a dangerous game Swiftus, please take out any your your bullet firing weapon All right, so this is uh this is Is Why I keep on calling SM she-mommy. Uh, this is free pack stand and this is bringing reality all right, so All right, it's gonna be a little bit dangerous Oh, right super says do I have to hang on hang on so does the do either of you guys have uh Proximity months Nope, just jump if you have one. That's too bad I meant to know for the future I'll give myself the note after the game is over All right, look real simple First person safely jump on top of the uh the wheelson wins good luck go Simon says go Oh, oh, your name is Simon Oh Swiftus does go Yes I was gonna I agree get creating real I mean you won the game, but you didn't win by jumping on top of it Oh, you mean after she died or you already won by default All right, good man you joined last time you joined you won you joined this time you won congratulations How many times how many times did you die this lobby by the way? I'm even starting to deserve to die That number better be three GG man, what's your shout out? Yeah, I'm shot to you shot to you shots The community in the shots everyone here you guys are also Subscribe to great camera 05 when you two will make some quality content on there and yeah, that's about it All right, thanks to the one man GG Great game everyone. I know it was the fairest game, but you know what none of them are so you know a demand a recount I'm a counting let me lower the more do any counting games again. All right GG guys