 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says this is episode number five we're on afghan Swiftress says everyone jump once Swiftress says we're gonna jump twice All right everyone knows they have K great everyone meet me down here I won't fall for that Swiftress has aimed straight up By our one shot Really awkward All right i only caught one player that was either cool man or dark Oh his dark is he looked down It was dark come on down man grab over here Dark gets interviewed time bro i like to get to know people i like to get to know the first person to die in a game Where are you from bro? Canada all right Swiftress says dark come with me man This is a rock you believe bullets can go through this rock No good Swiftress is going to prone behind this rock Your job is to not get murdered while you're behind this rock that's it that's your entire job All right everyone aim at that rock Who says Ted mountain come on down bro i didn't say Swiftress says you're joining in behind the rock All right now it's time for an unload scenario everyone aim you're going at the rock So Swiftress says aim at the rock A truck This rock over here I see it and i see you guys aiming at his legs over here that's called murder friend Swiftress says you must aim at the rock you aim at the player directly I'll know and then you'll pay the price great So shots go through the rock that's our that's the science experiment Great Swiftress is aim at the rock unload So if it says if you fired your gun come on down Only one person give themselves up i will have your neighbors murder you bro come on down So if it says come on down if you fired your gun otherwise you'll have zero chance of living Oh, that's the shame Swiftress says if the person makes you fired their gun aim your gun at their head There's no way only you two guys fired your gun I think it's Just make us reload you'll see who doesn't shot yet. That's not how it works. Thor just says Matt You Fell off man yes, okay go back up Clear right there You know what Swiftress says you too You guys were honest about you know giving yourselves up and I appreciate that's what is dark Please me your microphone. I'm gonna love that good for you men You like I said Swiftress says you two guys were honest about giving yourselves up and you know I respect that That's why you guys what you mean you're gonna him you think it's gonna be like a scenario where I say like just kill each other Yeah Tackle I said you're for success So it just says download to get back up Anyway, so it says aim at the rock Swiftress says unload That is not Swiftress says stop Ted dark did you guys watch your kill feats where any of those people firing at you directly? No, so the bullets went through the rock Yes, yes, and low quality rock. I'm writing a very stern letter to sledgehammer right after this game All right, Swiftress says go into prone So Swiftress says while I'm prone crawl off the wing nod to the ground Oh I don't know how that happened Gravity I hate Swiftress stand up and follow me Now this is my first time on this map of mind warfare three actually So here we got the poppy fields over here and the original game would be like it out of bounds or radiation area over here Oh, good. I don't know if we can go over here or not. Swiftress says freeze Yeah, hmm The two earlier to kill you guys and the radiation of course not Swiftress says get us close to the edge of the map as possible I'd die Swiftress says don't let you get yourself don't let yourself get pushed out Was anyone gravity that killed him? Yeah, man tragic All right name change I hate out of bounds I think it's right That's not good joke. It's all right. I'll take the pity laughter though. All right, Swiftress says look towards me Swiftress says crouch I'm gonna try and push you guys out of bounds I'm gonna go Here it goes. I hear a lot of goats over here We got deal with it It's very used to all time. All right, so here's the way it's gonna work I know if I'm running to you just gonna die So here's all the side. I'm gonna try and push last person stand gets pushed by me go All right, great Swiftress says the first person to stand gets pushed by me Last person stand gets pushed I Got one Jack So just a jack why need you a new man is looks straight up So just as jack looks straight up All right, man, I'm only gonna take five seconds if I can't push you into your death You live all right one two three four four Five as long five seconds All right, Jackie survived you can look down Good job Swiftress says jack you can look down Swiftress says the last person to stand up is next Did the feeful letter me cool, man You know, I'm just so like I remember this stuff All right cool Swiftress says getting to the poppy field over here Oh Drugs we talking about this I get poppy seed like you know big old poppings bro Oh Obviously this is my popsy bagel is my go-to order I like this one. Yep same Swiftress says jump if you've never had a bagel before Everyone's had a bagel very good. Oh, that brings joy to my heart All right, uh, it's good everyone get into the water tower But for a says get under the water tower Other way for those of you watching you want to join our Our games showing our discord server everyone in the slobby has been pulled from our discord server So I want to play just uh Jump in there. Wow. I'll shoot Said's freeze freeze freeze freeze freeze freeze freeze freeze freeze freeze freeze freeze Great All right, I have in my hand a proximity mine No You're gonna be fine. You're gonna be fine. Oh god Players are very all of you guys probably have EOD as your perk right of course you do all right first thing's first To make sure the increase your chances of rival. I want everyone to go into prone now To just says Ogre dose to just says come with me Yep Oh Well, I'll show you are Oh Wait, was he maybe this up? Oh my god, he really didn't know Look no when you're when too many players are together it removes the skin so you know you can't tell With a bald bald guy is swift or says jump once All right After you jump again, you can then go into prone and I'll throw my proximity mine Swift or says jump So after said what you're gonna say to go into prone after jumping I'll just say the jump. Well boy you stood back up you scumbags Swift or says to all the people that are standing get out of here Get out of here get out of here That's the point of the game man Congratulations walk the Simon Says bitch. I'm supposed to confuse you and trick you All right Great so the game's really simple. I'm gonna toss out a prox of your mind you guys just gotta get out of life One two Swift or says run for your life Oh Any survivor Yes over here I Okay, you know, I don't like killing too many people too early in the game Swift says all of you guys join these folks over here Swift says anyone that's died in the game at all from the beginning to now So it says rejoin it's time for redemption Who says you get the joy in the the losers bracket? loses bracket sounds really mean right can we Can we re-brack is a little bit nicer? Swift says rejoin the second chance bracket there. That sounds a lot nicer. Second chance bracket. I like it Well, do I always know in there you just use the same way you got in the first time man use the code you were given It's still in the same place you found it on discord. All right, Swift says once you've rejoined I want you to go under the same exact water tower I'll be playing the game with the rest of these guys the meantime. Swift says all of you follow me Second chance people do not rejoin the group. Swift says you will go under the water a tower near uh the poppy field we will come back to you for your second chance opportunity Water tower Sir water tower. Yep. Don't don't try and sneak in Great We have some time we're doing some mini games while you guys joining yep water tower. Swift says lap shoulder shoulder But we go all Swift says going forward will be toward the folks who survived after the water tower folks Great We'll play a little game called Top what do I go I died All right, Swift says I'm gonna say some more time look when you rejoin the game go back to the water tower It's gonna be at the north side of the map All right, great. All right, Swift says if you guys lose this mini game here, you won't die. I'm just gonna send you to the water tower So you guys are watch a game call of which game should called uh the prices right Everyone that's right. So there's a mini game that involves like a yodelardus climbing up a hill And if they go too far they fall off they they lose So yeah, we're gonna play a version of that all of you will get on top of this launcher But if you fall off you die and if you're at the lowest point of the launcher you also die already set go You guys are too good. That's what you're still alive. Swift says go the game is begun You've run the lowest point You die if you fall off you die 10 No stop stop please stop pushing me six. I'm not moving five Or number three two Freeze freeze freeze freeze now sir Matt you are not actually on the hill at all Matt sort of Matt come stand over here with clapped and McCool man you are the lowest on the hill So it just says McCool man come on down It's called clip anger. Oh yeah there we go that sounds right So it was the Sylvester Stallone movie right anyway, so it just says you three you're off to the water tower Okay, the new shadow realm Water All right, but now if you've not rejoined the game Yeah, guys, yeah, so it just says all of you please join me. We're gonna go play a visit to water tower folks Now it's just to buy a little bit of time You tried by the well welcome to all of you guys watching This is my what second week of of streaming on multiple platforms of once I'm on YouTube I'm on tiktok and I'm on twitch, so no matter where you're watching me I appreciate that you're here hanging out now remember this looked behind the scenes You might some some stuff happening this game that I ended out later on um, I am heading back to the water tower. We better hurry bro. All right, so it says our active current players So it says you guys just hang out over here you guys will be safe so it says ignore all my commands until further notice All right water tower folks. There's a lot of you guys jeez Yeah, all right now. I'm glad you guys are back with us some of you will be able to rejoin the game with an opportunity to win the game Many of you guys will simply just die again It is all right, that's what it says everybody lap shoulder to shoulder again along this line again In this Please don't die this time You guys are gonna like this No I don't like wearing the jug it's breathing noises and the music and it's slow so I'm not gonna be wearing it One of you guys what just says one of you guys up here will be have the honor of surviving so far me the juggernaut All right, first person touch the box becomes the jug Wow, I didn't attempt you guys great So if there says the first person to crouch when I say the name of a food that contains cheese Okay So if there says first person to crouch when I say the name of a food that contains cheese will get to be the jug for the remainder of the match I don't know how that'll work out if you crouch too early Or on the wrong food item you disqualify yourself listen carefully. Donuts You're out The pineapples Sardines It's big getty nope get out of here Get out of here I mean you put cheese on it's beginning So it says me cool man are you alive so does me cool back come over here I lost my goddamn joke I took two that saw me would have happened anyway All right the cool man tell me the ingredients to spaghetti Awesome okay Tomato sauce okay great Me is meat required me hang on is meat required for spaghetti No, it's possible require for spaghetti Yes, it's sauce required for spaghetti Yes, is cheese required for spaghetti If you wanted yeah So Spaghetti carbonara does have cheese as one of the sauce ingredients So is it getting you come on down So is it getting you going you come on down Oh, all right sort of says I'm gonna show you an ingredient. I want a mine. So does come over here He wants some yogurt you know, it's a preference for example sort of says I want everyone to share with the eager one of my favorite you know Uh, condiments will it sort of doesn't load Listen So stop You can get angry at me I grew up spaghetti with spaghetti and sauce and that was it once you did those two pieces you had spaghetti All right, man, I lost my juggernaut before you even said Swiftress a Before you even said it for shot He's in the future man if a lot as a special abilities all right here we go So And I lost my jug that said you know my piece will be a jug over here You know what I have even more fun ideas which is all of you guys on this So it says all of you guys stand under They don't are any part of this white Hiping over here. I know so it says simply do not move All right So it says do not move oh no Oh All right Swiftress says your award for your bravery is you guys get the grab and Swiftress has grabbed them Oh, he got it. He got it. All right Support That's okay. So it was casking just drop the music on it. There's a little button you have to flip flip that Great all right Great so just Cassie can grab you You will be a participant in this mini game. So it was the rest of you guys who survived lineup once again Yep, so it was the rest of you guys lep across the border once again this mini game will end All right here are the rules So it says you are not allowed to pass this radiation sign over here Yeah, don't pass the radiation signs. That's it. There you go But this is the cast the game is over once you push one player outside the map So just push the mouth balance good luck That's why Oh, he's a I know he's are we having some dim on the body cast Yeah, maybe it's difficult It's not doing anything No problem. I'm like my love No problem no problem I don't push me You just moved What are you doing? It's okay. You know what you survived the the the package drop everyone follow me Swift or says everyone follow me you're all now safe Okay, we'll let it go. We'll let it go If you saw I didn't catch you and listen no no snitching unless I ever quest it Move So it says make your way inside but clear the entrance I need to get out All right, I'm gonna send one of these mosquito drones into the air above you guys It'll be your job to race to my location without getting killed by this mosquito drone What did you go? I wouldn't worry about it too much Cass is okay, cash in chat cash in a run out This will be all right Jesus job I got an idea Great Sorry in advance Is he killing anybody good All right It goes out of us Swift or says last person get behind me dies go Oh Just wait all you had to wait. Oh, you had to notice this fee for that. Oh, no Is one more hang on Wait, Z said what happened man you had that was a gift May I do the honors? Sort of says I'd come on down then oh jump on jump on him This is a jumping still working this game. I hope I think so okay, we're gonna say all right There is a small chance you might survive this swedr says Z please go wait down there So does this cast please come stand on this turbine So does cast you're ready at this like they jump next him not on top of them. So does jump on top I just just jump next to him next to him. Yeah, don't jump on top of him It's in the game I think it's a little bigger than before Swift Well, you know, we'll leave that for another science episode swedr says everyone carefully hop down Just happen There are various juggernaut variations right there's this one and there's the the mini gun one right Yeah, there's two there's two juggernaut So they didn't replace one with the other just added a an or the entry level juggernaut You know when you're not ready to really up right Who those bats in here okay You know what I love about this this place so dark and put down a couple of proximity mines and have to be really careful Yeah, let's do that swiffer says everyone But it says everyone on top of this rocket launcher I'm going to place two proximity mines And a smoke grenade in the cave your job will be To get through the cave and not be one of the last three All right, if you get make it on top. It's not the end of the world All right hang on let's figure out where we're gonna put this thing One Two All right, swifter says go last three people through the cave to me die I feel like I'm so slow It went well that one I don't want why didn't go off but you know what EOD you guys just too strong I only person I know that what came in the last was cast but that's not fair with the juggernaut So I will leave that alone now. I'm just as last Choney die You know what you're tired of it. Let's help you out cast No, look I look I understand your pain. We're gonna help end it Swiffer says cast please enter the hole of this plane over here I'm gonna find you some playmates All right Here's the way the game's gonna work I'm gonna pull five of you guys to go in there Cast will only be able to melee you rest of you guys we will use as your weapons as much as you can I think you're gonna die But maybe you won't Swifter says if you'd like to participate in this five you won where you get to use weapons and she does not Does you can volunteer if you'd like a little also pick five No volunteers that's a smart move great Let's play last five people crouch participate You Last five to crouch participate Wow One two three four five six seven eight You know what sort of this all of you guys go in there. No, why not Oh Did I do Cast cast don't know Like when somebody asks this is too small swift or says follow me. It's too small What if we kill each other swift or you think you're not gonna kill each other We think I know you will kill each other. I know for a fact I need to give you guys no scenario I Everybody pretty pretty. Hey, mercy welcome I'm looking for a nice area that's easy. I want to be able to watch this, but I also want whoa Oh That's a nice area for a challenge. I'll know what I see no worse man All right over here is good So says please Must stay within the walls of these ruins over here Everyone these walls that's right. So does this do not pass any walls. That's a rule Like over. Yeah, like over here if you leave the boundaries of the wall You lose What is your on the boundaries of the wall get off the goddamn wall So this is hopped out. We're trying to do look the rules are simple You guys can use guns on cast castes welcome the melee all of you guys you guys will die in a simple melee I don't know that you guys can she can use her shield if she wants Yeah, I don't know that you guys are going to be able to kill her and I don't know if if you guys will be able to prevent you get Hang on backup bandit birthday boy backup backup All right, it's a happy birthday bandit, but follow the goddamn rules. All right swift or says This Stay within the boundaries of the the ruins And it's all you guys versus cast. So whoever you know cast can win the game, but this seems pretty Pretty hefty and I know you guys got some movement anyway, swifter says go You're sir Kill them cast. Let's go. Where you able to throw she I can't even see her. Kill them There we go you got this cast. I don't know they get thirsty for sure There's no idea get her. I'm sorry Jimmy. I'm sorry. She walked right there. She walked right behind you Okay, so you did a great job. You could look at you could look at the version of my I don't think I said they couldn't uh, I just said it was like you versus them well anyway Was that see for what ready and waiting So I'm not through it I I'm sure as she came I don't I started to go through it. It's on go outside the wall. No, I didn't I didn't spot them That's those are rules. All right. Sorry, Cass. So it says you five congratulations. I mean the finalists But just says please follow me So this is all five you I'm the three barrels That casted a great job. I feel like mainly only with so many players and they can find space You know you can see you can go either way When I heard Bart say surround her I started freaking out man He's that's always a Bart move. All right Great. Oh, explosives. Yeah, I got a lot of ore stuff out with me. So we have to say the first person get off the barrels guys So it just says the second one person gets off the barrel you can get off safely Says careful. Oh My god run for your life. It's gonna blow So does this move I Saw two people Crazy Walk But it wasn't in their control Big game I'm gonna let you down man. I'm sorry bro Downloaded what's your what's your shout out? You got off first uh he got off when I said So when I said switch just says move. I'm pretty sure That he wins it in time. Well it's too late for that luck. Okay. I need to win or he's the winner. Congratulations. What's your shout out? Downloaded my twitch Sure and sandman and Syrian that's three shout outs bro. We do it to be over here man All right, mods give him a shout out the twitch chef. First channel downloaded crap. Thank you. All right great game guys. GJ EOD men's force EOD