 What's up everyone welcome to Swiftress says let's get get off Swiftress says crouch Swiftress says look to your right People that is not your right look to your right Wait, wait, Ellie, what are you looking at me for? What are you looking that way That's what All right Swiftress says when the person in front of you stands you stand all right. Swiftress is attacker stand up Go speed up. Oh speed up. High speed high speed. Let's move move up Great job great job great job. All right level two Let me see the person in front of you jump you jump through to this attacker jump Yep, and say Swiftress says all right next stop Swiftress says looks straight up I Erwin shot Swiftress says it not I was not a role there. Swiftress Swiftress did not say fire your gun All right next up There's a yellow car we're if you can't fit on top of the yellow car you die go To just this phrase didn't say Swiftress says gun top the yellow car All right I've been watching a few of the videos they have slow starts. I want to speed the sun All right great Swiftress says everyone on get on top of the yellow car It's getting top that yellow car You can't get on top. Don't worry. I'll give you another chance. It's not fair if you were at the end right Don't worry if you die. Don't feel any shame. It's my job to trick you Great Swiftress says aim straight down I There we go. That was a good time not to fall for it. You know truck. Thank you for the super chat man much appreciated dude All right hang on here Break all this glass for you guys you do need a favor in the moment here Maybe look up for your I don't want to murder you guys Excellent Problems all right next up Swiftress says aim straight up I Good job that means you guys were all aiming straight up great everyone follow me Swiftress says Sam you're no longer on the vehicle I know I see this when I can't get back on that is so sad Swiftress has said this follow me Just say I want you to hit the crotch next to this rubber duck you over here Oh Swiftress says Sam I'd like you to crotch next to that rubber duck. There we go. There we go man Great Swiftress says everyone else please line up Long this little line over here so you can look down So just lap along this wall of your Swiftress says aim at the rubber duckie Just as if you hit anything with the rubber duckie I'll kill you Guys will take turns one of the time firing at the rubber duckie Just take out the weapon you believe will give you the highest precision All right, so it says three to one freeze that's it. That's your spot All right, let's see here All right, so it says when I call your name you'll fire shot no more talking Ellie Sarah Wait the rubber duckie's gone. It's gone. It's gone. You guys Swiftress says if you see the rubber duckie shoot it Oh Look it's a it's a it's a net code to sink thing with jig All right Sam do you see the rubber duckie? Do you see the rubber duckie? It's a Sam shoot rubber duckie Is he gone now? Oh, that's what you mean All right, that's not gonna be a body shot here for me All right All right, so it says Sam you may stay on this floor. Just go to somewhere you believe you'll be safe Um All right, great. So it is everyone else don't your lethal's inside Oh Swiftress says last person inside dies go Last person's side always good luck. I'm watching. I'm watching Oh, almost gonna die. Is it you? Is it you? Is it you? Oh You know, Martini your last person you went to the window, but Oh, man to the elevator Swiftress says follow me follow me down the stickers. Yeah, man Oh Okay, I appreciate it. Yeah, I just I didn't celebrate it, but my 16 year anniversary is a streamer and content creator just passed I should really celebrate it all April, but I'm just dumb. I don't like I caught up another stuff Yeah, yeah, been a long time for all the guys who've watched you whether you're new or old and back But you hate me. I appreciate you grabbing some kind of memory of me. Appreciate it inside. Please. It says inside inside Outside outside So I got my walker with ten of all on the roof. Please switch to some roof on the roof I know I know it's cool. Let's call about it though. There's a got huge chunk of my life I'm I'm 43 turn 43 later this year a huge chunk of my life is in like in my videos and my vods Uh, so it's kind of cool. I can kind of go back and see what I was doing like 10 years ago or 15 years ago or whatever It's a neat, it's neat, but also you know at some point you know AI will Watch all my videos and use it against me, you know, I'll probably set something terrible at some point I've seen a lot of terrible things anyway All right, so I'm to continue our game here All right All right, we're gonna play a little game It's called don't touch the floor touch the graves. It says please observe me for a moment We're gonna jump on brave Oh, I missed. No, if you do what I do you die So your job will be to jump on the grave and uh I don't I do this where you have to I motivate you guys to move together look graves You know what all four of these graves seem pretty attainable Swiftress says In a moment, I'm gonna ask you jump off that roof onto a grave you touch the floor Swiftress says you'll stand on these stairs and sweep your your next uh your next dangerous mini game If you jump and land on on a brave stone you're safe. Swiftress says begin No second try Good job Oh Oh miss miss All right Bravo don't even think about it bro stairs man. How do we think about it? Bravo you missed right look at your feet Yeah, I did I did there. It was bravo. I'm not killing you. You have to go to the stairs missed Thank you, man All right, how many people made it? One two three four five six seven Seven players man to the graves good job guys That's what those guys can chill there. All right. Swiftress says all of you guys back to the roof, please Oh boy. Thank you for the super chat man. All right All right All right here we go purposes all of you guys please get close to the edges you can you'll need to You're gonna meet even more dangerous mini game boys last one. You're just punished by satting on the stairs this time You see here there are two graves that I care about this one and this one your job Will be to touch this grave so in wall standing you're not touching the grave so in wall standing We'll die All right, that means the first you know you want to get down there as fast as you can you want touch these two graves stones C.J Right right sailor moon little too close there not yet unfair advantage You're right Ready set go Two process freeze I do not say it's fifth process you four please let up right over here All right, just as you guys are now team yeaks just as please look towards the east oh Participant Oh, you recruit Oh Sorry sorry Why can't I ask you? Oh, that's weird Just leave sick if step to your right here. I go Sometimes you get the body sometimes you don't all right the rest of you guys, but just says go I Beroom brawl you guys now let's see right get on To easy easy game for you guys all right switch says everyone follow me Shadow realm All right side for some football tip to says please step inside the uh the circle Just kidding there's no football Sort of says without leaving the circle don't die I've got two cluster minds folks bad news for no one because it's gonna be so much fun Who just says follow me All right, okay, here we go here we go. All right. We're gonna play a different game All right, you know actually just as pleased back against this wall over here Prairie All right in this game you are the ball You will enter this go over here you'll stay on the field and you'll exit through here That's it Oh, listen guys, I you know I don't control the physics Oh I said look at one at a time the more you know Anyway, Swift says last person again, so does he must stay on the field So does he can go into prone What if you want to do but switch says the last person to go to that goal over there But the rules I just mentioned die switch says begin Last person So does martine I would kill you but that guy behind you hasn't even left yet just kidding it's you All right All right, we go. Let's see here get all seven players Swift says please follow me That for an easy challenge Well, one of you guys will die again. All right, so just as observed Very easy to run around this van. I I almost a second left that is actually a lot for challenges like these So Swift says position yourselves hard we'd like right now Last person do a rotation will simply die But I get the 50 years of streaming. I don't know maybe about my brain and like a I don't know jar or something all right again Last person to come back Alive will die Tofty says Save save save save Oh, that was so hard. All right hang on Swift says no, where I got a boys no snitching Nor snitching. Swift says attacker dark lord is very close between you two But it says yes, it was very clueless. Yeah, man. So does attacker yours was dark lord over here You guys will simply go in opposite direction the first person that tagged me afterwards will will live that's it All right, Swift says you guys will begin when I fire my gun Oh Yep If you buy one skin this year, they get the Kong armor skin. All right, Swift says please follow me I wish we could do Swift says I'm not get high map and it would be Just so much fun. You know, I'm gonna ask we're not gonna do it, but I'll ask We're back where we started. Swift says please get on top of the yellow vehicle Great, Swift says everyone take out a weapon the name straight down If there says everyone fire one bullet into the vehicle one blow Pretty good Swift says fire one more shot Was that six shots? Oh run for your life run run run Cooper says run for your life All right, Swift says sloth and homeland are come stand over here Yeah, I'm a master Sloth, bro, where are you at? You guys did not move until I said Swift says you don't need to you you guys How how dare you value your own lives terrible terrible players Oh, disgusted you guys will play a dangerous game All right, Swift says all four of you guys please stand behind the turret You guys will run around just this thing over and over again without stopping until there's only one player left After you see that three deaths have happened you can run to safety If you stop running at any time where I see going slower whatever a murder you myself Swift says begin Right Stop stop some circle There we go bandit survive All right, all right good job Swift says you three follow me we have our final three players All right, so does this play the blue car or the red car Well, you got to get this for the sloths all right, so it says freeze All right, this game is very simple You choose Did not reality you want to accept the truth play sorry sorry anyway, no I meant Swift says swap vehicles while dying good luck You can do you guys can discuss strategy or Just turn off the vehicle and die I think this loss should win All right one game guys fun game GG. Let's get ready for our next round