 What is up everyone welcome this whifter says we're on shipment a huge map with tons of possibilities Everyone inside this container go Oh hi guys, bruh So it says the two of you guys no, don't be afraid man look So this is two of you please go to the back of that container Let's get your names name please any chance to survival niper your name Yes, sir Night, what is it? Yes, sir name is yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Okay. Look at the The main board you can see yes sir. Yep. Yep. That's gloved. I believe you you ask me if there's any chance going out of this alive I'll tell you the truth absolutely not So it says you're on an amit inside this container Can't even get an angle on it. Don't worry about it. It's amit inside the container Look Well if you guys want to give you the word you're just gonna high five everyone here So it just says you two go ahead high five everybody Yeah, let's go a little faster guys a little faster come on You know Thank you. I feel like you're hugging everybody man. Just like a quick high five. You know you're going down the Now there we are great job great job everyone Swiftress has both you guys step on these uh His box is over here together. Yep. Hop on top All right, good job. You're giving everyone a high five now I want you to give each other five bullets go Oh That was too There was five. Somebody didn't say it's Let me share the way the game works. We'll just let everyone aim at him Oh, what's aim what the hell Swiftress is Syrian come on up Of course you'll be Syrian right my entire stick for me Syrian Oh You're not All right, listen guys You unloads recently been very underwhelming you guys just saving your ammo flowering one bullet Listen when I say unload I want to use the entire mag Swiftress says unload Yeah, there we go All right great Hmm There you only do what I say when I say Swiftress says All right, cool next challenge Let's call this the podium over here first place Second place Third place Everyone get on Swiftress says no Done Swiftress says please come with me or I'm not gonna we just did the unload they might do that again. That's boring All right great So it says please choose this is first second third So it says choose one third place Okay, there you go my top three A few of you guys also ran if we go for any catch everybody So if the says everyone else try and get on either first or second place go I'm dead oh I'm on let's go oh Oh Oh No more movement you move out to kill you You fell off and then jump back on after sit freeze Thank you All right Sir Look, I don't want to murder you guys for not Mama command Swiftress says your feet are on the ground enter the right container over here. I'll deal with you guys later All right, let's see here All right All right, Swiftress says everyone's standing on third come with me You're three of you guys great All right I asked him to go on third place you two guys join them not supposed to be there We're gonna have a little race. Swiftress says three of you Lap she'll let her shoulder over here I'm gonna show you guys the routes. Swiftress says you three. Please follow me All this blue line Take a left Sorry, take another left And surprise no left Then the first person back onto here Gets to be safe Swiftress is laps shoulder over here All right great Just hi Swiftress says they moved I totally believe you for says please enter the red container. Thank you You got to be kidding me bruh. Nope. Swiftress says you three. I try to make it a little for you There's one little catch Between here and the end there might be a proximity mind to get slipped in I don't know slipped out of my pocket Swiftress says go I Lied Swiftress is you and you come with me New it let's get your names before he kill you name please Good talk name Oh Old swag fairy Black fairy name Oh, okay, no worries. Swiftress is both of you guys aiming at each other Only one of you guys get to die Swiftress is kill each other I don't that shouldn't have been funny, but we just want to okay All right, Swiftress, please join the center over here on third place All right, Swiftress is one of this container going to prune All right, here's the way the game's gonna work guys Put it on a smoke Well, it's too easy you guys get the race also Swiftress is all of you guys stand up and follow me Last time I lied about the proximity mind this time I'm not Swiftress says follow me. I'll show you the route this way This way Do the container This way and this is the finish line good job Along that route there will absolutely be a proximity mind. Swiftress says stand over here Get ready All right Swiftress says ready set. Yeah The race is on he's going to die Okay Not me he killed a ps4 ain't that crazy Go hello name please X ray oh x ray that's right x ray I wasn't supposed to be in that box, but it's okay Um who pushed me off You know what you know he pushed you off. We just as we can fight who pushed you off you have a chance to live Excuse me excuse me. Excuse me This was box number two. It had to be I person or that person which person I think it was this person right here right here so does sir Santa Claus had wait this one What's that what's your name Sauce did you push x ray Wow Okay, all right, so does the rest of your racers are good to go All right, no problem So does all of you guys who are on the floor please back up to the wall. I don't want you guys to get hurt yet Eventually I do not yet All right, so X ray cues you have pushing her you you said you're guilty of pushing her Sauce. What do you think your punishment should be Uh, a few laps around the containers Oh, I got it. That's kind of lame isn't it But now you have a proximity mind no problem You know what a few laps it is Tuberta says He's run 100 laps go Oh take forever come on Super says sauce you can ignore all commands that those 100 laps are done All right, so it says everyone else please follow me Oh, all right, I try I try saw so be all right All right, so it says lead line up back to the wall Get my steps in This is a sort of a stop sauce please stop I'll be right man. I thought that would still be funny. It's not because of please follow me I got some good news. I think I left perks on Yes, you did I have multiple proximity minds. I usually don't like to leave it on because It causes problems and more importantly. I I just use I like lean on using these too much, but you know, well, I got it. Why not Twitter says everyone follow me All right, so please wait out over here This container is going to have two proximity minds and a smoke grenade You'll still be able to get through without dying Last people to get through here will die by me We want to take a beat This is not gonna go well look you can just nope figure it out. There's one in each corner One at the start one at the end where it is should not be a secret So it says go oh god Kill one person wow, I'm surprised So it says what's your name? You're the last person to come through the man. I said last three, but you were the easiest to catch Thanks for making it look like I'm always easy You got a man. So this is what's going to be meant All right, you'll be doing the same exact challenge with a few modifications Is that we'll be doing a solo? So all you gotta do is run through this container without dying Which is please start over here So it says you can start one side throw a smoke Just as you guys can use as many bullets as you want Again All right, he's dead So it says stop You die All right, I'm through to continue All right great we have too many players Swift as I was yes, please stand on top of these greats over here I need to kill three more people and then I get my centric gun I can't move anywhere Don't worry, I'm gonna be sure to stop you guys to get up on no, I don't never mind. I don't I do not Figure it out. I want to push someone off by accident. I mean there's a five seconds five four Three two one zero Swift as says stop Swift as everyone's touching the floor. Please come stand up for me Hearing the centric gun mix me all right there five you remember this as Swift as only do what I say when I say Swift as Simon says you five kill each other It's pretty good So Swift as says jump everybody Swift as everybody jump Swift as you five crouch Swift as everybody crouch Swift as you five kill each other Oh He got that he got that hundred lap workout in man. He is ready So us always kills his legs Okay, just make it just make it sure man because we can fix that all right great It's time now time for a magic trick I'll throw down my smoke and you guys gonna swap boxes if you're on the ground by the time The smoke clears your in trouble like catch you being on the same container. You're also in trouble I just question like me and Swift says yes sir. Please mute the microphone man. I'm getting some echo from you. Thank you very much Oh, sorry, no worries man audio quality is very important to me when I notice Yes I saw you wait right over here man. You're not involved with this Again, this is more to the magic tricking magic trick we did last year just at those smoke you guys swip look swap locations He's a cake because yesterday. Mayhut. Is this all you? Yeah, um, I just trying to just press just don't know no no no no don't troubles you I'll just press the me button I'm sorry. It's press me button mute mute thank you all right great All right, I just got to look around here. I recognize you're on the same box some of you guys might get away with it You'll die I get enough enough chat can help me too Best It's okay. I've got a mute button also I'll unmute you later whenever I remember All right, I don't know. It's the mute one press it all right Swift recess Again Oh my god, I'm surprised I made it all right I did do what what Who did I do not touch the ground I was like five feet away from the ground That was really good unfortunately guys that was too good Oh Oh my god We're doing it again good luck Let's go let's go in the back go in the back. Yep. Yep. Oh my god. Oh my god. I survived That's where people I thought it would be alive excellent Where to go guys That was great I'm very what your language family show asshole all right I'll show you Yeah, but with you in spirit cast I'm with you in spirit Okay, great good job everybody All right, Swift recess please follow me it's time for our second virtual last mini game All right, Swift recess. I'm gonna be dry. I'll tell you guys what to do. We guys can like strategize when you're dropping uh free care packages over here somewhere So this is you guys will have to choose a spot to freeze on on top of these three podium spots over here Swift or says begin Choose your spot once you choose your spot you're just frozen there Amaiya Great three Two one Swift is as freeze no changing whatsoever now like I said First place second place third place now we're gonna have our live audience which I love very much You're gonna vote on which pony I'm gonna throw this out So twitch chat youtube chat tiktok chat we're live everywhere please vote have one two or three and chat All your votes count Shout to ABD for magically making this work across multiple platforms you're the man Chat one or two or three on chat. I live one I believe the pull is upright. I do it correctly If you look very close you'll see your name pop up over here All right, great. Please But you're one that chooses where I'll throw it doesn't mean that's where the package will go You know physics it might bounce around this is just kind of like uh The general Yeah, we can go up the mapping you guys be safe for two seconds Guys, what's it? You guys okay? All right, winning number is Number two all right great All right, let's see. I'm gonna try I'm gonna do that. We're gonna do it right over probably here Good luck all right. That's where I think you guys might be safe. It's all the way over there I think you guys are completely safe You're fine. This is not gonna hurt you guys. I think I'm like this Here you go right now. I threw it through the gap. I went flying you guys are fun. Oh Excellent. All right. That's fine I'm gonna go there really do it chopper gun or worthless Hey Swift Thanks for letting me know all right next game don't worry man. I'm sure he's lots to add to the game right now But can we a little bit? All right great you guys survived that good job I'm just kidding. I'm very sad about it Cluster mines good Oh, no, all right You're fine. No, I guess that's not well All right great All right, Swiftress says this is a completely optional challenge in fact. I recommend you don't do it Swiftress says the first person to touch the back of that container and come back to me gets to be safe until the finale. Swiftress says begin if you'd like No one's trying that's fine. All right, 10 seconds off the volunteer 10 98 75 4 3 2 1 No problem Cool, we'll do this the hard way. Swiftress says last person to touch the back of that container and get to me dies You all have 30 seconds good luck So does this stop No gunfire bitch, which is begin Touch the back and get back to me How they gonna time Oh this time You blocked there I had to say was this yeah Think he'll anybody man This makes me really sad No the mines had a timer No somebody actually pays mines don't got it That's not allowed All right, it's fire That's okay We'll figure out a way to kill you guys in an entertaining entertaining way Working on my speech so I'm in 15 years. All right, we'll put down this proxy this uh this turret And you guys will once again just with the touch the back one at a time You can come back to me How I'm going to die. Swiftress says once you complete the job stand up over here Right call your name you will go Swiftress says sauce you're up first oh come on dude if anyone can do what you can do it This seems impossible You said impossible he did it to just sauce up over here. What? All right next up So it says only fans go for it just do what he did Not to hope Oh All right Swiftress says kick so we just want to say your name you'll go kick you're up next Nope All right uh fine That's a string open Big head I think he had perks Did he actually must have had a point So it says yep you're right sort of sauce do it again, please Well just stand front of the door. Yes, cold blood eight It's awesome He has cold blood Oh my god He's still in post No No problem. Swiftress says come stand back over here. Oh you gotta stand there All right, so we're just going to go into it at time now Just lightning and seas come on over Swiftress says pro Sauce just ask you to stand right over here, please And ask you go to prone right there I know I was gonna run out of time I'm just fat All you guys can get to play the game I have an idea Swiftress says hang on I need to figure out where this echo is coming from Corey Please meet your microphone or is it oxy Hilly I think I'll be teased too Nope, it's just uh I got it Swift your Wilson has already scared I'm I know my tools don't worry you Wilson ask guys don't guys don't worry guys I got it Great All right, Swiftress says everyone inside Oh Like we've done this before It's not hard at all Swiftress says once Once the wheel syn steps goes inside the container you guys are allowed to get out of the container And he means it like to Ready bro Oh I I'm all alone okay I don't mind or miss calculation uh GG eight-way tire whatever I was I'll take the win Saddle to the world to tie with me You did not win shotgun new coach