 What's up everyone welcome the swifter says there's a minute one other person on this rooftop There just says walk over to the person you're looking at in case they're not right next to you Yeah, are you looking at there we go All right very good now if the person you're looking at has a mask on crouch What is this freeze Swifter says everyone that crouch the center of the roof All right come on down If you go Don't want on this side got caught you telling me that All right, so if you're says if the person front of you crouched But did not come over to the center just melee them Okay, good enough for me. All right says you for a little shoulder a little chat First let's get your names in case you die very violently very shortly name Oh I sound so sad man don't worry bad bro. It's just a game name please Chupapi nice welcome name or Welcome name All right guys no problem so in the Just to make sure when else is safe Swiftress is like I'd like you for to climb on top Keep those grenades to yourself to just as you for a top of the little water container over here Swiftress is everyone else the other side of the roof somewhere you can be safe Yep, that's if you guys over here. Just anywhere. Just throw their way from the thing there you go Swiftress is make room for all four players up there Yep, you can do it. I believe in you You can do it you did it right job great job great job. They'll kill each other Oh I ended up buying and I was in the back corner of the room wait, but someone down here die all right if I did All right, Swiftress says if you are an innocent by standard down over here, please rejoin you three up there that died you're okay, but you You survived everyone else congratulations. What's your name? What do you think happens next Yes All right look man, I just want to make sure that you understand what they did wrong. It's good. All right great job All right, so if there's everyone else we're gonna do some fun stuff on this roof here So if there says everyone I'm gonna play a little game called don't overlap So just as you cannot be on top of the wall you must be on this side of the roof on the floor Just as you must be in prone without any of your body touching anyone else We cut it off there's a lot of you guys. I don't know Nope, this part nope nope not this part guys over there. Let's make it hard right there you go All right, do your very best need to make sure no part of your body is overlapping with anyone else if you have a toe overlapping somebody else you're in danger I'm not sure what's it was just as you're inside inside bro. You're on the edge inside There you look behind me. So I don't look around. I know this is maybe like a better as a third-person game But you know what? Yeah, third person will be way better for this It's your best you know you can turn around and engage the length of your body Okay, all right. No problem. That listen you don't die immediately if you fail I'm simply going to choose you and the person you're touching you can murder someone else you put someone else in danger Anyway, you guys have 10 more seconds. I'm gonna do you 10 9 Okay, 8 7 if you're standing obviously you're gonna die immediately or 3 2 1 switch it says freeze if you move it all I do murder you it's inspection time Let's see who's touching you guys might be good actually How'd you guys pull it off? Wow, I am extremely impressed Yeah, chat I'm not missing anything right ones accomplish the mission Good job that just means we have to do it in a smaller area everyone the smaller part of the roof now guitar to go Which is sir you moved around? Sir, yeah, yeah, I can move a little bit. So it says please stand up Not worry, so it says please stand on top of the water container It's not gonna be a firing squad situation for you at least not yet great Swifter says everyone else to the smaller part of the roof. Let's make this extra difficult Oh Wow, this is gonna be a possible You know what you know what you know what? So it says everyone on this part of the roof just just crouch crouch instead no no prone There you go take out your smallest weapon The overlap will be based on weaponry and and body parts all right there you go If any part of your your your physical being weapon or otherwise a cape or does another player Your lives are are in danger once again, so it says you guys have 10 seconds 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 It says freeze Alright, don't move. Let's inspect We have a problem over there. That's that's two players That's two players Everyone else good it might be let me just four people yeah, but these two guys. Yeah, that's looking good all right four people All right, let's see. How do I point you guys out? I saw All right, let's see your swifter says How do I get your attention without murdering you yeah, it was you Add to the other roof Yep, you're best Does you the other rooftop? Your screwed over bro, so does you with the gold knife sir Yes, okay, yep, yep, it was overlapping with the unfortunate man, so please make your way to the roof. Yeah At your best, all right, we got two more Only I had a name tag. It's not actually taught me my names. All right. Let's see here Swim to those gentlemen with RPG the other roof Oh for fuck's Well, you still got the gigantic gillis soup all right man. That's your that's on you and you with the gillis soup Swim to says you and the balloon the blue knives also that a rooftop Well, it's way more time consuming than it should have been Oh that guy behind you right there That our gillis it was touching the our guy all good men I have he's already he's already in ginger man. He's got nothing really jailed Yeah, he's already in trouble all right rest of you guys good job You've met my qualifications the rest of you guys can stand up and watch what's gonna happen to these up five but six players stand up Oh Okay, why do we have five people over there? Because one guy start try to oh wait, so that's a good question. Well, that's too bad for them. Swiftress says you're more than else stand up So just let's look at the other side of the roof you guys can expect eight Cool, so just as please come on down All right, so just as all six of you back to the wall over here You want all right as we pre-release previously seen the top of this thing can hold up to four players if they work together We're always simple if you're on top of this water container you live go There's a free your competition just went down dramatically Didn't say it's just says all right the three of you guys well here you guys fitting on there is not fun So really simple which is says once you well, let's just listen to the rules first You will climb on top and once you're standing on top you're allowed to shoot the other two players or anyone that's on top with you Or you just let them live maybe you can the guys make make a pact and You know all climb together with no violence There we go, oh, everyone can live otherwise this RPG goes to your never mind. Let's go Fine That RPG might end up killing some of our bystanders. No, he's not could use it. He's just he's just having some fun. All right great So it just says you three go Come no, oh Man now balanced at all wow, that's okay. That's okay Unfortunately at least one of you guys do have the die no Kill one player go Okay, I got another mini game. So just as you three remain perfectly still So just as everyone who does not have a proximity mine get off the roof All right, so just as all of you guys who do have proximity minds left shoulder shoulder diagonally on this rooftop Basin these three fine gentlemen or people that are off of gentlemen or not Great cool a little bit of frisbee. All right, so it says all of you guys hold your proximity mine. Don't toss it Hold it like you're holding a frisbee take it out. Take it out take it out Sir that's not that's Proximity mine There you go great, oh Listen This is a good looking. Yeah, this is a thumbnail right here. Here we go. I should take this one great So it says all of you guys look straight up in the air with your proximity minds. Yes. Yeah, that's even better. Oh, that's beautiful Okay, great. All right, perfect. All right cool just as all of you guys You can look back down now. There's a look down look at an angle your job is to toss your proximity minds on top of that container Don't move though. Stay in your spot. Otherwise, you can get everyone killed including me So just as all of you guys with the proximity minds find toss them up there. You failed. It's okay. Make sure toss it far. So just let's go Fail oh almost I am a little concerned for our well-being here, but you know what the damage is done hang on hang on hang on hang on hang on hang on hang on hang on No hang on I have a plan. I have a plan. Don't worry. This will work out. All right everyone listen So after says when I fire my gun Everyone on that roof will run for their lives. Maybe don't move bro. I see you get everyone killed You may want to consider you may want to consider going into prone. That's not I don't know. I don't know what the right place to survive except to be the host and run away like a coward That's me but you guys I don't know so switch to says when I fire my gun your job in that roof will be to survive those proximity minds To just as go Some people I thought they would throw the proximity minds further than that. There are a lot of them kind of fell short That's okay congratulations if you survived. This is made me the graveyard to the north if you are still alive Yeah, that was good. No, we have died. I thought everyone would die. I worked out We still have one proximity mine that's on the container. We're gonna use that later if there's still alive Great, thank you. All right, so if there says please make a circle It was good. It was good not what I actually wanted I wanted There to be a ton of mine's up there and for only the three people have to kind of get off the some path but No, it doesn't need to be a perfect circle. I've learned to reduce my expectations these days Yeah, I'm more like an oval. All right, it's cool. All right, so it says aim your gun straight up So it says Fire one bullet All right run for your life. I'll put down a proximity mine. Good luck Swiftress says fire again Swiftress says crouch Fire again Oh Sorry, can you talk to says we fired up a little please look down I Did not fire one. I know you're looking at me. I did not fire one. Was it to your right or left then I Believe it is easy to your left Well good luck with an easy because he can't see any is this oh look to your left. That's okay this guy sort of says if you fire your bullet by mistake Please look down He's to your left. He's already looking down. Yeah, he's already looking down Wait, you're the one who fired it. Yeah, what's that? Oh, what the hell wow my eyes are off. So just as he's following me So just as please join us Yep, you just please join us Yep, right over here. What's your name? Dark Hawk. We are we are bored over their mansion some butter Yes, I was all right, it's like I'm gonna make it really exciting for you Switch says you to face each other Till each other Swiftress says jump you two Says you to crouch Swiftress says you to crouch Fire Swiftress says you to stand Swiftress says jump three times and kill the other player So it says or so does return to the circle man look just just wait for minutes I need to do stuff you'll be in less dangerous situations Great Swiftress says when you hear my footsteps behind you fire a bullet Swiftress says look straight down All right while looking at the floor you'll continue doing this it says while looking straight the floor move forward into the center of the circle You guys got this All right All right What you're looking down at is is a graveyard there are bodies in the ground we need more bodies Swiftress says go stand on any tombstone You can share them if you really want to though On the tombstone itself. Yeah, not not not the gray. I want you know like the He's on count. Oh like you know the actual is there a name for these? The ones that are actually standing up their head stones. Yes, we just have stand on a headstone. There you go This is count as a headstone. I hope so now There's a warning for you guys for sharing a headstone. It will be dangerous You can share it. I'll give you one. I'm not sharing with you. We got a few extra over here on this side Beautiful all right Great Great, but it says aim at one other person When I say the name of a celebrity that is dead You will fire your gun Lebron Kanye West Darth Brooks Kiwi Herman What does that stop? I was shaking my head at you the whole time. I mean he's not wrong. I didn't say it's what it says Legal name Swiftress says let's do it for real this time. Swiftress says when I say the name of a player of a celebrity that is deceased You'll fire your gun All right, here we go. I think we were gonna kill someone you will now I'm on guess making a list of my head So just don't crouch I'm on guess All right, so just listen carefully Abraham Lincoln That's it Swiftress says everyone follow me Sorry, my daughter was crying in the background. I'm gonna give a little bit of time. I'm smart. I'll remember to edit that out Yeah, Abraham you don't think Abraham Lincoln is not a celebrity I'll never hear bro Not even I lose term at all Abraham Lincoln is in court. This is definitely celebrity bro What what he is absolutely I'm pop the jazz my mouth is absolutely celebrity. Are you kidding me? He's a vampire slayer Read slaves. He's absolutely You don't think a presence is a celebrity bro Man is on on money. His name is on cash money All right, I said slap shoulder shoulder crazy Well, I signify someone as a celebrity someone who's famous right? Anyone who has a large fallaway. Yeah Bro, don't switch there Yeah Okay, we got what? Nine players left the good squad right here great squad great squad What to do how can we make this exciting that doesn't involve one? E three more kills to get a centric on we're gonna do that all right cool last person to stand eyes As are already standing good job last person to crouch dies Swiftress says jump Swiftress says jump then crouch Swiftress says going to prune stand up then jump A little hard to track just jump Hmm Swiftress says make a circle using the circle in the center of the court You guys are clearly in the end game for a reason you know what you're doing Swiftress has spread out in the circle equal distance between all players Great Swiftress says freeze This is gonna be a test of your patience And maybe whether you have control or drift or not Yeah Boxing me minds will only go off if you if you move for example with your left stick Use your right stick we just look around it will not go off for example, so it just says look behind you You see the noise of it going off. No, look we know how proximity minds work They'll also go off if you jump so jump once All right Swiftress says crouch Elm not your great Swiftress says going to prune Elm not your great Swiftress says stand up But my bullet well run for your life Unfortunately I didn't say Swiftress says I also thought you'd add it The person you can play my guy died Come on you know that was a good one. Swiftress says you four survived follow me The instincts on these four to go. Yeah, that was good. I was kidding. No, they didn't I didn't say go to the prone But you know the most entry gone they they worked it out. All right. That's okay. I did a reaction test the other day Apparently I have like 175 millisecond reaction times. All right It is now time for another game of Rainbow 60 age and call of duty. This will be a 2v2 So two people will be inside this house wherever they want to the tool up to infiltrate the house the people inside can only use male a people for coming in can use bullets That means they'll RPGs bro, so ah Let's see here Swiftress says you like the volunteer to be the indoor squad you can crouch That's melee only that's one and what else no volunteers So it says you can choose who to be the indoor squad with you. So just choose your partner Can I see secondaries? Yeah, so this is showing me secondaries Yeah, I'll be you all right All right So it says you to go inside Where the rules just says as long as you two guys are indoors You don't you don't want to you don't want to you want to go in here guys. It's just very up You guys can be wherever you want Inside this building, okay as long as you're indoors and let's have a roof under you had your good you two guys Um An infiltrate wherever you'd like either you can infiltrate from like the rooftop go into the patio you can go to the bottom level but You know that's it so it's just gonna be if a team survives will be a 1v1 But this is only one player at the end and then then it wins So maybe you want to let your teammate die and then get the kills yourself and then you were the winner right as a lot Always can play this out. Oh, I suck. I have all these I killed the people that I wanted to I didn't use my centric in anyway Sorry, this is more fun. This is more fun. All right hang on I like your shotgun man. We got this and clear fine question for you Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead. What are you? What are your questions? I'm not mailing right? No, not not in my world. No Right all right cool I'll be following you guys the infiltrators you guys can use you know bullets only bullets only the guys inside must must use melee All right But it says if you guys want to strategize going in two different directions You can but know that you know the players inside can hear you vice versa was as well All right, so you do do do do do do do do do do do do you look at me? We should both go right there right there Right there you're watching me right watching me. We should both go right right there Okay There you go. All right. Anyway, sort of says the game has begun good luck You go first you go first you go first you got the gun Oh This is clear yeah, okay, okay very nice very nice Almost Hang on hang on who died the you be partner no my partner tactical or big-foot partner all right, so hang on So a gun's only Me late me What is happening there man we want dude? Wait what wait wait wait I need clarification what method of two players who are inside the building I ran downstairs to a Vade and the other guy thought I was the infiltrator so he made me Okay, so hang on that so that that should have left three players total left so Then the one of the infiltrators went back downstairs and was behind the other defender and shot him Okay, and then okay, so then the infiltrators won and then he came back and then he killed Jimmy I The previous times we've done a mini game. It's got a little smoother There we go. It's okay. We will give both infiltrators the a shadow Jimmy. You can go first Exclamation mark Jimmy in the chat All right, another guy who murdered Jimmy go ahead Shadow to a poke that see on YouTube. There you go. All right. GG guys