 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says just do what I say when I say Swiftress says Simon says call duty you guys all know how it works So it says look at the person in your right if there isn't anyone there anyway there you go So it says hello who's this right here hi All right okay it's B. Oh hello B Hi All right Oh no B Maybe what what do you think uh what do you think I'm here Because I went to the wrong side No problem So it says let's play one quick game be me and you okay all right so it says be let's double check Because where is your left This way yep you got it and where's your right This way i didn't say Swiftress said All right so Oh Always pay attention all right let's just give me really brutal out here. It's gonna be brutal I know I know I know It is the game it can be rough that's okay you know there may be an opportunity for you to come back into the game If someone gives up their life actually yeah Who's this It's sniper ring be back Okay All right be back in the game sniper offer he sacrificed himself i'll take it Gentlemen glad gentlemen there i go all right great all right swifter says the game is continued All right everyone look to your left Oh So it says youtube for following oh Yep swifter says youtube please follow me yep I didn't say swifter says so bad things happen to you that's how it works All right swifter says it more than all please look over here All right what are your names guys Cool man cool man and Name sir Did you get your medicine this morning grandpa are you okay Give this guy a map Sir do you think it's only the time I'm talking to that medium I don't hear any Hey I hear my hair my hair my hair my hair. Oh, what's what's her name? I probably have the meters. I heard it was very It was very low but I heard them All right someone's watching this three of us says everyone We get a little bit of silence. Oh, what's your name dude? Oh Oh sign language. It's okay. I don't see. I don't see. I see. I see He said AC No, he said his name was AC AC Oh, are you sad to my fan to me? So are you fans? I had you muted man. I wonder why that's okay. All right. No problem I was about to I was about to communicate with you in sign language, but it's kind of dangerous All right, McCoolman Phantom's side by side, please Welcome back B. All right All right, we're gonna play a little game here. So this is both of you guys please watch behind this table over here So there you go great. All right. Here's all the game will work First person to stand lives go Pretty good Can y'all stop jumping and thank you are people jumping that's interesting. Yes, this person right next to me It's okay. Let's go. We're not gonna we're not gonna solve them out yet. All right All right, great. So it just says just you two this game is just for you two. So it just says stand Which says crouch Good reaction times switches. Look at each other Really each other Which says dead That was a jump sir So after says jump So after says crouch All right Which says stand if you got a Valentine this year Yay So stand if you don't have a Valentine this year sir All right, kill the guy at the Valentine So which says jump crouch then stand Good job kill each other All right, so this is both of you returned to line you've endured this enough there you are all right You've been forgiven Yeah, you know they survive they survive the basics. You know, that's all right great It's time for one's favorite mini game Just kidding so does everyone on top one of these four cars go ahead All right, got this one over there Oh My god, I just know it's like so nervous on that last mini game Right, I was like he was gonna say striker says kill us kill each other and I was just like wait Am I still the only one today? Yeah, it's yeah Come on snapper you you volunteered your life Yeah, that's your first time ever says he's lonely. I'm gonna fix that all right So just other four colors of you here right we have red Brown green yellow All right, so What two colors would you associate With uh with Valentine's a the most out of these four colors red Yeah, I'm ready yellow yellow yellow yellow yeah All right, yeah, I'll tell you what swifter says get up Just get on one of the two vehicles you believe are most associated with all times day I'm gonna let chat vote for those two colors. So just go ahead change your go ahead Oh, let's see If you're not a vehicle you will die all right, so just go and choose your vehicle I'm not moving sir. I'm so sorry Right no pushing all right, I said you have 10 seconds to be on a vehicle 10 9 8 7 6 5 Stop 4 3 2 1 Swift Accessories All right So there are four colors up on the screen for those you guys watch on YouTube twitch tick-tock please vote for which color you associate With with Valentine's Day I know red's a common one but there's other colors right So just as everyone frees by the way no movement a lot You know brown might be chocolate like you know roses and chocolate green might be flowers yellow might be I don't know if you're on yellow you're dead Anyway Yeah, I didn't think of chocolate. Let's find out what they talk We got about chocolate. Oh no I didn't think of chocolate. I thought something else. Yeah, yeah, you're left to just when we go on this brown I guess we'll be in this brown guy right here Rock was in his car was yeah Talking to you We're waiting Anyways, the people on the two I do I'm the brown car with We'll be safe I went for the brown car with no Way red and real I said no way All right, Swift Access. Yeah, she's red left to us We're as you guys please make your way on top of Taco truck over there. Yep. Oh I was on red before he said freeze god damn. I should have stayed on red. We we live I'm so glad to have a brown over there, please. Yep. Go ahead. Yo, I have to best for being on brown That's about to bluff an answer for brown. All right Hello guys yellow. I have a question. Where's my fellow brown? Please explain to me how yellow relates to Valentine's Day something on this one You're so favorite color If you call someone's a yellow it means that it's someone you hold closest like dearest So it's like Valentine's Day Kind of sorry. I got an actual reason on this one, Swift go for it My wife is colorblind so me bringing her yellow is red to her so um Hmm Oh, that is cute That is actually very cute with that said though red was still the top voting color And we're gonna show everyone some red switches as aim at the other vehicle. Oh Jesus take it That's actually so Blow it up Just kidding fire Have the trip people today Soon some math how many players would I lose if you guys all died here a lot these alone players Wow A small price to pay all right. I don't want everyone to die. So it says stop Lord like aim at the vehicle So it just is aim at one other player on the other vehicle No, I too Swift says last person on the red car dies go Oh shit No, get Nameplace It's no My boyfriend so thank you guys. You're right. Oh I don't want to kill Belle that makes me feel dirty. Swift doesn't want to kill Belle. He's Not personal You know what the alright Fire to Yeah, like no One player is not enough good one player is not enough, you know, all right last person yellow car dies go All right, Swift says it's gonna be an exercise and working together Swift says get on the yellow car. That's it I Really Oh Not tech tech You i chose car Name please What does this team would make way into the taco truck? How do the half the trickered other guys? I thought you guys were carefully go around to the yellow car what happened? I'm gonna get on the yellow car Green car was on fire so I ran further back and then I got Wow that was rough Alright swifters says please follow me Keep your head in those smoke tanks Taxes were reaching in this game Swifters says please upshoulder Shoulder long the curb of the sidewalk Oh Oh The plus side guys we do have our kill streaks early by we I mean me Last time I wasted my own Oh no I'm out today okay Alright I'll explain in the game we've seen this many times before I'm gonna have some of you guys stand on the vehicle I'm gonna throw the carapackage smoke under the vehicle and so we won't be able to go or gonna die First let's take some volunteers Swifters says please stand on this vehicle if you don't want to participate Not a trick question It's not a trick question It's really not a trick You three chickens Shame Shame on you Look at all those chickens I don't know, no more people Anyone else want to not want to participate in that many game? I meant it Alright Swifters says you guys what's your turn? Swifters says everyone else on top of that car You guys are participating You all have no guts Yeah you're right we don't we we want to keep our guts I meant what I said You are right It's all for doing good Alright Swifters says stand on the vehicle Swifters if you fall off the vehicle you die Oh my god Can the rescuer me as they fall off? Good luck! Good luck guys! Good luck! Oh my god Oh my god What? What? Don't grab What? It's for what? Alright we have one death Pretty good I expect if the drone is the same Alright so there we go Thank for opting out of that mini game I don't think it was the right choice Could have been that one person that died Alright so let's see how you guys can do a different mini game right? Oh Jesus Oh good choice This car is safe This is going to be a more dangerous game I have a feeling A little bit I can take it I can take it This one, are you going to get the drone? You guys outrun the bomb drone good luck Run for it run run Yeah Swifters says freeze Swifters says kill anyone that good off that car I'm going to say Swifters says Hey I didn't get off the car Oh we got the car Wait I got it She didn't make it off She didn't make it off She didn't get off She didn't get off You got out of the car No some of what thing Someone blew up the car right now Was that Dwight who died? He executed him He executed him He's like I kicked off the car Oh yeah He put away the car He felt he felt he felt he felt he felt he felt he executed somebody Yes I alive Well Swifters says You have a roamer They're hiding inside the building I didn't fall the car that was the thing I did not fall the car I agree with you I agree with you Here's a Him Did I hear him? What do you mean with the person hiding? That's a person hiding Was a person hiding Yes he's I can go kill him Fat clown man thing He's coming down the alley right now Sir Mr. Hyde, McSeeky Can you come on over, bro Down to your left, flip-take I swear, so if you give me the word I thought I could get away I could get away Big boy There we go You may be able to escape me But you can't escape snappers' eyes in the sky That's why I feel respected in me all shaking my Alright Swifters says, I'm going in the shoulder Yeah there we go Left or I love you man Are you still alive? First thing blows me? Yeah I am Good How you want me? I love you and I'm not Snapper You sacrificed yourself so be a come back in Swifters says, I don't even like to sacrifice myself So snapper can come back in We tried snapper It looks like that's a negative man I'll do it Swifters come forward if you sacrifice your life for snapper They're dead I was there nobody Nobody wants to sacrifice Hello Sorry snapper fence we're not cents Alton Yucquod There's nothing I have to say I have to be for snapper fence He was a gentleman I would but this is my first Swifter game So I'm sorry All I heard was I would Swifters says come forward sir I heard that's enough for me What's your name? What did we learn? Fanum Alright, no worry, we're going to give you the ride of your life If you survive this ride You live and snapper can come back Swifters, this one me Now I know not to bump them out Got it Please stand on this thing over here Alright hang on Swifters says jump on the Wilson Phantom Stop on Alright Swifters says all I have to do is stay on top You fall off, you die You stay on top Yeah That's how we're coming back in the game Ready, check them I can check them I can check them Swifters says push them off What? Swifters, push them off if you want If you want to Push them off You have to push the player off Alright, so let's go back to the line That's fine Why? We're running to the car Almost Yeah Good for you though I'm telling you the car just could like send them flying Okay, I've seen a fast and furious move I did a terrible job Alright, you survived the rodeo Swifters says snapper fence could back into the game Swifters says snapper fence could back into the game Swifters is fanding back in the line I thought I'd make it a lot harder The person down the alley, that was me That was me holding my little Little tablet controlling in a poor way That's the... Yeah, snapper is the good karma Alright, snapper would back just in time for our beloved Turret mini game Alright I was looking for an obstacle I'd like you know do like you know push them off But that lead a little clearer over here Alright, Swifters says please choose one of the two vehicles once again Pick one Stucky Alright, Swifters says aim at any visible tire on the opposing vehicle Good pop that tire and that tire on the go No Oh, what? Oh He's on the boat, he can't That's a sniper Swifters says snapper please choose any vehicles like men Turret squad on top Aim wrong We're simply with the money Good choice Alright, let's divide the slabby in half Swifters says aim at the other vehicle Swifters says fire a single shot Someone's not making it Sir, vehicle That was not a vehicle Jack, are you a vehicle? Just to his due to the center on the crosswalk I thought Jack was a tank We take this car So he says aim at him Unload Swifters say it for the sass lock Swifters says unload I should take his place What is happening Oh god That's the piece Oh man I did it for the content I did it for the content That's a terrible excuse Oh, that's a terrible excuse I don't think he's dead He's still moving Alright, so Actually, I think we have Alright, so guys, I think there's enough for everybody here There are 11 yellow lines Over here, 11 parallel lines Don't worry about this long line over here This parallel line? Please stand on any one of those yellow lines No way You are in danger Swifters says go You are in cello Mr. Playstation 4 I'm not seeing that I don't see yellow lines either I don't see the yellow lines Just look for a big yellow blob on your screen And just stand on it There you go Why is the car doesn't exist? Stay If they're parallel Wait, what do they look like Everyone has their own You guys figure it out Good job Swifters says, please go Probe on your yellow line You don't see a yellow line You will use the power of context Figure it out Swifters says, while you're in prone Please face me I made it Wonderful good job. Oh, they're actually we're loving of you. That's unfortunate. All right last person to stand eyes Yes, you're good didn't hear me say switch to says last person to stand eyes Make sure you have to make sure All right last person to go to the prone dies Oh Away I can I can't believe that well All right, okay, I need you guys for turrets stuff switches that's following me. I Need a warm bodies All right, I'm gonna go win This one's a good partner. Every time a turd is says everyone up on the balcony up here Yeah, every time a turd is involved No, this is gonna be no, it's gonna kill people all right. Let me see here Three times are you standing right there? I did something with a all right, so let's go as far to the corner as you can Sure as a very wide range Which corner any corner you can't see me I'd save the one with the green The first time you think Per it I've died three times in one round All right great Sweptor says this is your only exit non-couch which one right here the northeast So it says get out to that exit good luck Oh That's rough oh my goodness I That everybody good job guys Thank you all right switch says please lap shoulder to shoulder if you survived Oh my gosh five players Who's gonna be that's gonna shoot us no it's not Who do you believe oh that's the shame on you all right Gonna play a game So it says last two people lacrosse play the game So it's you and you Stand here and here yep All right, so it says you're in charge of this door and you're in charge of this door. Let's get your names real quick name Oh man name Name please great so it was both of you guys stay on the outside The outside yeah outside you're inside right now, so the outside Oh There we go all right Great switch says please look at your door again, so just look at the door you're in charge of All right switch says open your door It close your door So it just says close your door All right All right, so it says let's see you can open the door first. This is open the door All right, let's you can close the door faster because it's close the door All right cool man your door close the door is well the way, but that's all right This is not a game about about reflexes just kids. Just kidding. It is first person open the door dies Oh Wait Hey, he gets a pass two still just one bird What You killed the wrong person Yeah Yeah, I know I mean I want my cool man right Anyway, this major joined the game That was like I was like wait All right, so these three please follow me Hey, we have those two Packers that staying and and mage will be joining us Back where it all started was eight minutes ago. I know what happened. Oh, what happened? Why wait, who's that? McCoolman laid prone and you were gonna do it and then it switched over to the other person That's why I just don't know why I did that that's why I was It was here probably probably close with Why is my body still in the car You know more places in that bad at least an entire year they are you dying fifth place buddy. All right So it says you for my top of the white man Careful well top five isn't bad to be honest I'll take off five You can back you know it's all about having fun. That's right. It's good over buddy. I like the waterfalls the background I'm in the waterfall right now. It's the wolf horse. Oh, I never noticed them Just with two oh we're gonna play nice here. We're gonna No, right that's good enough. So does this look at me great hopper some basics Simon says jump Swiftress says jump Simon says crouch Swiftress says crouch All right, I'm for some not so basic stuff dr says do what I say when I say Simon says Simon says don't do what I say when I say Swiftress says Simon says stand Swiftress says jump Simon says crouch Simon says do what I say when I say Swiftress says Swiftress says do what I say when I say Simon says Simon says jump Swiftress says jump And it says crouch Swiftress says crouch I get what you trying to know worries some says look at each other Simon says jump Simon says do what I say when I say pickle says pickle says do what I say when I say Swiftress says and Swiftress says Dr says whittress says jump Pickle says pickle says jump What does pickle says jump was I already know what I'm doing anymore kill each other Oh, they don't hurt each other at the end of the world for no reason. I love the honesty Yeah, but he knows that's kill each other All right, so it says come with me Oh, yes, Simon says to one player Don't play I let them to fight it out let them to fight it out Why not shoot each other by the way you guys have got no because we don't know we know a a wrong button buddy wrong button No No, no, that is whipers doesn't lap shoulder shoulder no death what happened You said Simon says and you said times as no listen to switch the says when she says Simon says Simon says I said I didn't do you do it? No, I'm pretty sure I changed my mind He said pickle says same do what's not says you're saying if I said pickles doesn't kill one of the player you do it Yeah There we go see now I have a right All right, swifter says it's back just being swifter says you two guys. I think she'll kill somebody. I don't know I confuse myself anyway you two just kill each other All right you two melee each other and just go ahead I say hug it out You got to hug it out Swifter says these man are fresh for the both of you Wait, I can't hear you there's somebody talking lunch there. Yeah, make cool man Please sorry all right swifters is both of you only listen to what I say Swifter says do everything I say for the rest of the game Real simple right both of you take one step forward Take two steps forward Jump crouch Till each other There's no way I literally made it in way before he even moves you will write that you will write that letter the Activision very promptly. I'm sure both of you guys please follow me Make sure you go was it the tonne for the long This is Yeah Explain why you just won the game stang Explain why you won the game stang That's right The game Says follow me Okay, okay you guys are right you guys are right I was wrong I love saying The guy who was on the school fusion I I think we should just let them have a true one be one I think we should bring back the last two people who died and just make them have a three Many of Plenty of seconds About seconds innings five four three Okay Yeah, it's two minutes and 30 seconds. Oh guys don't worry On the west side of the street don't worry You're sir Don't worry Yeah All right, I made a mistake And thanks to the folks watching and the people in the game that mistake was corrected you guys are both alive again So this is both of you guys down the street Oh Oh, he's a kill streak position Mm-hmm I'm gonna do this in a way where one of you guys actually might live Hmm First person I made loses now they're both gonna die But you can't leave it a bunker booster That's gonna be fun All right, I got this done. I got this all right. Let's make this fair. So what does that both of you guys looks straight up? All right I call my prisoner strike all right last person live lives go I Mean thank good event All right, I didn't fall for it. You only have one minute left kill each other Fuck Congratulations, you are the winner Congratulations Let's do shout out Me my first win on swift or oh my goodness. There we go nice. Mom's gonna do a show off from contact yourself and check the mods for you Yeah, and uh, switch out to your community. Switch to you. Thanks for letting me be able to play these games GG main great game guys. Love one. GG. Oh my goodness