 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says We're on emergency and guess what it's an emergency for one player in particular So does this dorky come on down? I don't know, I just want to say that I don't want to know that you're going to go ahead and do some practice man You know in the case of an emergency you have to take certain like precautions For example, Swiftress says dorky emergency, I want the fire bullet you should crouch Great job great Swiftress says dorky there's an emergency Did you get into that container? You're about to be a hill of bullets Swiftress says unload We're working our safety guidelines All right Swiftress says stop All right okay now everyone else inside the container go So does this freeze No, no, no, no, no, no, this really goes reasonable get in there. Can that's not going to be alone I saw you buddy. I saw you All right You guys are fine don't worry I'm not I'm not gonna murder you guys like dorky was punished because he killed someone before the lobby started All right, we're that's our policy from now on by the way You know happens every time you know get out of a institute a policy where Alright, I'm not gonna make those guys kill you. Make you guys kill each other kill one player go It's a noble go back to the line I'm hanging on canton is it your birthday? Swiftress says right you believe can then she come back into the game Just this once You are oh, okay, so what does that freeze? Wow, so just freeze no movement You change your vote okay, I will you know I'll let you change your vote Jack. So if this has if you're standing come over here I didn't hear you said so if this has if you're standing come on over here. Did you hear that? Let's go Thank you So if this has Camden rejoin the game so it says unholy ghost rejoin these guys though You know what you voted from the come back you are forgiving to you so just go with that What sir What oh those sort of says stand up Just go please return to the game you have been forgiven You guys You would not even crouch to let the man back in for his birthday. Isn't that tragic? Isn't my what I didn't hear what you said or else I would have Yeah, I didn't hear you Yeah, everybody was talking alright. We're gonna do something so safety guys what you guys we're gonna use our exercise to find if you guys are here Me or probably not so just all of you guys standing please form two lines facing each other No, shit Let's do some listening exercises Probably be day cam Thanks man Me All right, let's see if there's a partner Yep, everyone's got a partner there. I guess it says death wish you should be aiming at jack over here. There we go cool This is Camden come on over man All right, man, you're gonna help me blow out some candles Okay, so Swifters says no more talking anyone time gotta make sure these guys can you where I'm saying all right If it says when I say happy birthday to you or times total Will the player in front of you? That starts now the count is currently at zero All right, all right, so it says everyone here that's crouching you're standing. There's a one you guys that sing with me Three two one Happy birthday to you Swifters says freeze don't reaction only said happy birthday to you three times happy birthday dear Camden is not happy birthday to you Think about it Yeah, gulfed Yeah, give to you If you have a kill to this wall Oh all of you guys How did you hear it four times no I heard happy I'm gonna do you can explain technically and how you heard it four times I'll let you back into the game explain to me It was happy birthday to you happy birthday to you happy So you said you fuck with each other Sniper one They didn't hope on the sniper Swifters as they won't please follow me All right, let's see you're having spend much time on this map, so let's let's get a sense of what's going on here Don't make it Windows It's a tiny map it's okay. We'll work with it work for it. Swifters is behind the counter Hello welcome This is the state disease control agency what am I ordering like a side of like Like cheating disease what do you want? 55 Ready It's okay. I'm only ghost. We're just trying to slice up some Ebola for me. It's always this unloading goes come on out Okay All right, I'm holy ghost. This is where you have a chance to survive you just need to have like ridiculous charisma or as the kids call out these days Riz Alright, you all right So it says everyone behind the counter stand on the counter, please. So does this makes you have a clear shot on unholy ghost All right, here we go you guys are officially What does this you guys are now officially the risk detection unit? Or a Hong Kong brother or do you for short? All right, so So unholy ghost if the risk levels are very high you guys will not are not so does you guys are not allowed to shoot him If his wrist that the levels are very high there just says unholy ghost Use your voice Can mincey guys still like you know to love you to be you know to fall in love with you to love you to let not want to kill you, you know You say anything anything you want anything you want just go ahead as long as we get me get me banned I'd say blessed who looks like you already have been blessed I'd say bless you they already looked like you can blessed All right, so we say submit your findings on the Riz leader All right, so it says you have five seconds to submit your your your your Riz detection unit You have five seconds to submit your findings. So it says go 5 2 3 No one shot you Follow me This light I tried oh I have to do it. Yeah, it's a I don't know I should look at the map more first. I stand under the light Do my best My best Right, so it says look at me Last person to crouch dies So it says turn around So it says crouch first and you die So it says crouch last and you die Happy birthday to you It means black on me. So it says move into the hallway Oh, that's okay. I forget my birthday dinner anyway There you go man. I hope you have a wonderful birthday dude Thank you Such as part of me. Thank you. Happy birthday All right, great sort of says please hug a wall other side All right, so does the aim of the person or buddy across from you Oh So it was make sure please yet you don't have a shield in front of you Hi, Violet. No, there's anyone in front of me. So does Violet come with me Is that shit? Let me shout it out. Oh, now there is So does Violet I'd never there's never any role to not use your shield like bring your shield into this game So real simple for does Violet would you like to use your shield? Yes or no No, okay, good answers. Let's go back to the line There you go fire I Ain't got to trust you don't go ahead all right You're just as I'm gonna throw a gas grenade. I don't believe it's lethal Last person touched me dies go So does as freeze Ghost grab low follow me Man Ghost stick drift bad stick drift I have bullet drift All right Well, I have to hold it all get sort of says all of you guys on one wall To just be yes, it was all everyone on the same old hesitation there I don't know man. That was those stick you have come on. He was there to entire time. It's fine. It's like the command Look Don't do two guys will have to run this hallway and make through a life. Simple as that But just as all of you guys over here can fire as many bullets as you want must remain crouched So it just says begin Oh He made it all right there we go there we go challenge accessible such as great job all right, so just as plea no more firing which is as follow me All right, so please carefully back on the fence All right All right, we've done a lot of games where it's like oh, I don't fall off the fence. You fall off the fence I always wanted hilarious, but you know I can't I can't milk that every single time or can I swifter says yes Here's your challenge because of this works. Oh, no, you can't jump on this what No No, I don't so fun. Yeah, no good. No good All right, that's fine. I'll just shoot people inside the container. All right last person the container dies So if it says last person the container dies Stanky sort of a skanky tater that was not fair So it was everyone but skanky leave the story stories that skanky I don't mean till you know kinksha more than Thank you sort of is everyone leave the container except for stanky Skanky oh, go get out pro. I think skanky is a great treat All right, so it just says there weren't else on top of the container Stanky we're the last but I don't think you deserve instant death. I think you just need to survive one shot So it was a stanky Move wherever you'd like in that container without leaving the container Okay So it says everyone else by one shot for the container anywhere you'd like That's it you survived. Thank you. Good job join them on top of the container You almost got to be nice there sort of says everyone inside the container again You You can't fit inside come on you get in there. So it doesn't make room for everybody Excellent Now you guys believe a thermo bear grenade will harm you at the top with that container will harm you guys down there I'm not sure All right All right real simple sort of says remain standing if you think the answer is no So does it go into prone if you believe the answer is yes All right, they're on top and the people standing All are alive the people in prone will not All the people standing die people in prone will obviously live. So it says make your choice Standing or standing or prone are the only two options Everyone is standing okay good luck That'd be careful here. I don't want to I made it Yeah You know I thought thermo bear grenade would operate more like a like a gas or a smoke that was a No, it cooks in your hand All right, see if I can eat now I know great all right. It's okay Into the wall since ghost shift or had had a chance to play all right The more you know all right swifter says we're back on the on the fence All right All right swifter says jump once Follow why are you so eager to look at jocke over there? What's going on I do not know. Violet you want to speak of it's to defend yourself Swifter says just look at the state does the control agency logo on the building there. We go imagine that's me Great So if it says jump twice in Diego, California It does say twice I didn't have this the light was no problem. So if it says jump twice All right, so it says don't jump three times All T.O. and so it says jump three times but it's what we say jump Through his T on jump behind you Folks use that calm that that argument all the time on take-talk it doesn't work The only thing I say when I say Swiftress S. All right great swifter says look to your right So if this is look to your left Kill them So if this is jump So if it says stand What does this crouch That means says jump So if it says go into prune So if it says crawl forward without falling off Fire So if it says crawl as fast forward as you can that's far forward as you can I felt like a pattern for us I want Wait Perry actually walks on two legs so Do you know what's the way he XE calls that's the best plan to just keep your watch stand up too So it doesn't change the direction you're looking at all right So it just says if you know how to do an execution jump once Yes an execution when you hold on to melee Now An execution can be interrupted by someone doing another execution on you and that person can be interrupted by another person An execution on you so you guys will do a ripple effect I Don't worry example okra will begin by I do next-usion dark lord and cast wants to see when she sees that going to do execution okra And then stank will do the on Cassie and so on you guys get the idea All right okra begin Sort of just stop I did not say it's fifth or says Cassie execute him Oh wow same one All right We actually that would be pretty unfair because you know shock and raw automatic. Let's give out. What is not that bad? But not fair all right so let's reverse it all right everyone turn around so that cast goes first So it says turn around Oh Jesus Here is your challenge So it says you're gonna run straight forward and then until you run off the fence Which is if it catches you stop running for any reason You will die so it's a full sprint full send if you stop running you will die So it says go He must sort of just says remaster before she fell off the fence that is unsatisfactory You know I noticed someone else that's gonna stop running forever switch us kill him Stop it Oh shit It's tough to go spin Stupid when you're yelling Watch the clip clip that someone did stop clip that Flip it when he comes to the front that's what I care about all right Great all right there are five players left make it three go We actually did So it says go back into the office where we did the little uh risen review there was the the uh the uh the RSD The Rd was needed once again Yes sir Oh de gas Hi All right switch us please make a circle Oh boy It says you guys will kill the person with the least risk according to chat So we have cast I'm gonna make a list here You only girl here Oh you should have the best race right That would feel like cheating How? Do what? All right All right great each of you guys gonna say just a few words and uh then chat will vote for who has the most risk So it just says the person with the least risk will die all right cast kick it off. Rizz us up Are you kidding All right were those your words thank you very much All right under your next switches go ahead It's my birthday tomorrow and I'll be doing a swift skipper waiting tomorrow So being shot tomorrow. That's a lot of words too many through this shot can go ahead just a few words You know if I had a penny on my mind every time I bought a view or we have one penny because you know lift my mind baby All right, so does this tank you go for it? Sorry, I was muted. Oh, thank you. Thank you for that sake. I'll file it to your next Haha thank you. We got this Well, well, well give us some words of the ones you'll die automatically so just give me words All right, just kill me already is is there words. Okay great. All right folks We got this cast all right, so this should work everywhere now. I should work on YouTube It should work on tick-tock and twitch switches. Please please make your votes Let's work everywhere guys So who has to do it? Let's vote just guys away the person with the least risk dies Everyone's votes count So are you voting for who has the least risk? I thought in the house. Oh coach deep what up man Oh I got to figure out what's going on there I didn't post and take talk for like a week and I feel like I'm being punished That's what I'd be And Resurrection unit it looks like All right shotgun had the most risk which says Violet you had the least risk everyone kill violet Stanky we did it Shot good man. I know how but we almost do a full trigger All right, so it says violet cast. Please head outside Yep, we need to use passes execution. Oh you three can go watch if you want go ahead Third is a hunter. I didn't say switch to says. Oh, there's hunter go out there with Where are they? All right, so does other jupelers you're safe to come out All right, so should this is this cast come on thinking send violet flies. Let's go But please turn around facing them. Thank no off the fence off the fence Oh I think she's gonna hit the back He said go I put this is for violence. Wait, do we kill the other guy already? No I was falling the body What a waste all right wait, why do I thought he flew He did fly the body goes flying but no one's there to see it does it actually fly I'm not in common. I'm sorry. Oh I did It's finale time folks. We have stinky chakun and cast Tofusus, please form a triangle Guys all right, there we go Hmm, let's see any snapper rifles around her. I don't think so Oh All right real simple. Is he be another reaction time Challenge over here. So the lot the ideas that the last person to do the reaction I request is going to die So let's begin So it says aim at the person that's last to crouch And All right, I was uh, I was just a test Holy oh good. All right, we're gonna sand back up. Let's do the real thing All right, so it says aim at the person that's last to stand Oh Again, just testing just tested don't worry All right Aim at the person that's last to jump I did that too soon. I need to do a few more rounds of that all right So it says aim at the right foot of every player or any player Except your own He went the right foot right foot If it's a white food and you put your white food out thank you Aim at the left hand of that same player So it says jump Fire, thanks not aim at the right foot So it was aiming at the other foot Ha ha ha All right, I want to do a little quiz here I'll look this up Number Of bones in the human oh no, I got I've got even better question Better question my wife, okay, here we go Swiftress says Aim you're gun at the head of that same player Great Swiftress says when I say a factual statement Fire your gun Are you both leave me a shotgun Why Facuous statement I was so aiming at you from the first one Uh, let's see here. I need to fix this I'm a lose When that comes to fucking you two shot aim aim at the person on your left that'll fix it I Shotgun I did not say Swiftress says it's killer That's true. It was a tricky one All right, great. All right, so does it aim at each other again. We're going back to my quiz here Swiftress says when I say a fact that is true Did you go? I think he was heated oh that's the first guy because he hit the wall when I executed That's my buddy I'm ready to check that up before go. He's happened. He's happened All right, great. Anyway back to it again One more time Swiftress says when I say a fact that is true Kill the other player Fact one or suppose in fact one Um Ward elbow has 11 letters in it All right Let's see here Next Ward rainbow has letters in it All right the average human has 12 fingers You got this cast You Human teeth are considered bones That is incorrect I was upset too. I told my my daughter my three-year-old that that that's either boats too. My wife was like nah you wrong There is teeth I don't know they're not they're not bones they will know No one ammo is the covering of the teeth No, they're not they're not they're not bones they're not bones all right stanky congratulations. What's your victory speech? Google it. What was the fact? What was it? Well, I mean it wasn't a real one the false fact there was no real fact and all those Then we did take the statement Anyway stanky shout out or victory speech Uh shout out to spister for letting me in his games shout out to everybody who's helped me on the discord and Last few weeks. I appreciate it There we go and uh Justin uh frigo says enamel then dentin then and pulp no bones The difference is that bones can regenerate and heal themselves teeth cannot There's toothpaste that can help All right do you guys