 One is up everyone. Welcome to Swiftress says let's kick it off Swiftress says everyone On either police car go ahead He's always and great. So don't worry Just make sure standing on a police car. Swiftress is you have five seconds five four three two one two Looking good great Swiftress is aimed straight down with a gun that fires bullets Straight down Swiftress makes you're aiming at the car and not any other players foot Fire one bullet You know Swiftress is if your neighbor fired a bullet and you're good at them. Oh No one on this car though I Made a mistake you shot the card and say Swiftress says no big deal. What would have happened if everyone actually fired a bullet by the way We all would have died the police car would have blown up either one of the other guys I'm up. So does what's your name? I'm talking to this guy podcast. Okay. What's your name? No name no problem to after says people can shoot within five seconds run out of your life five four Three should run for your life. So does it go three two one zero. Why is she? Oh That's okay I was muted I was muted I'll put something else. I would have been nice to you. Tent if I knew who's you man There's too late be nice. All right great Where are we I didn't say look up one look Swiftress looked straight down All right one bullet Did no one fell for that time that was me. It wasn't like you shoot in okay There's smoke swap cars now go Go go Go go right now you're gonna die go Run you guys are Can't trick you all right So Swiftress is looking me on top of the side If you can get on top of the side with me can pick 10 players to fight each other in a free for all starting now You guys don't have the You know I love smart lobby Swiftress has formed two single file lines facing each other There's too many smart people on a home lander on home you guys guys all think you can take your time and make it addition Serious Does make you face go to player You Just make sure there's a player across from you One player dead that means there's exactly 30 p 30 of you that should be 15 in each line not the orange ones All right, so just make sure Amy got a player across from you We're dividing the lobby I too when I run in front of you kill the person across me if you kill me you get banned for two months Good luck I Yeah I Model in the promised shop Do you want to do proximity mine? I love it. That's a good runway road. I heard the talking about it yesterday. Is that a new shade of black? It says aim at the foot of the person across from you. Who's that going? This phantom. Are you skipping the upper here? Yeah. What? I'm shaking. Swifter says when I run past you, take one step. Where? Swifter says direction. You probably meant for it. I run past you, take another step. When I run past you, kill the person in front of you. Dollar, way too close. Swifter says aim straight up. It's a very disciplined lobby. What the laser is that? What kind of laser is that? Yeah, that's a cool laser. That's a cool laser. This is a plastic bullet. Yeah. Swifter says fire one shot. Did he just threw? Yes, Swifter says fire two shots. Fire three shots. Malovie. Man. Single lobby. We're good. Swifter says kill the person in front of you. Oh my god. I'm not the first to do it. Swifter says. Swifter says. Swifter says. Swifter says. Swifter says. Swifter says. Swifter says. He's my sauce. Come on top of this vehicle. All right, even Jimmy said you killed me. You have to win now. Hang on. Oh, it's awesome. Why do you have two kills? Because I can't enter my sense of... Yep. Great. Good job. All right. Swifter says, one please follow me. You're the player. Okay. Hang on. I gotcha. One more thing. Oh, we have a problem here. Should I use the other shot? Good. X-ray and Camden get on a police car. Okay. Wait, why are you going to get off? Wait, wait, wait, wait. Get a kill. Get a kill. Get a kill. Oh, I have a kill. Hang on. I asked you guys to kill the people in front of you and you didn't do it. Now, I asked what does this kill the... You did not kill them though. I was looking at my case. I was looking at my case. Swifter says. This is not a discussion, guys. Swifter says you forced to kill each other. I got a Zinni case. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Hiss in the React. You go, uh... Oh, my God. That's right. I have a div. Bear with me. You want a div, bear with me. I have a div. I have a div. I have a div. I have a div. I have a div, bear with me. Okay, we're going to go back. Take this. We're going to do this together. Let's turn it across. This is our ring. We're going to go back to the 360. We're going to go back to the 360. We're going to go back to the 360. This is a big show. This is the big show. It will be everybody. Bear with me. You're going to go back to the 360 shoot. Oh my god man. Wait, in that situation that's being you just spray and spray. You don't use that anymore. You just spray stuff on her eyes until they're all dead. When we play horror horror, I spray stuff and I spin in a circle and just fire and hold some fire. So because I think of every shoulder. So many people. Yeah, I think I've ever seen a person fire somebody bullets and not kill one person. Oh man, it was the only machine we played. It was the only machine we played. We noticed. Take the lead. All right. I love how this line is right between the two home landers. What else I was supposed to say? Let's see what I was supposed to say. I would have killed you. All right, we're continuing the game. Thank you guys. I'm going to play a little game called mind reading. You guys off to read my mind. If you choose something I'm not thinking of. I'm thinking of a color. A basic color. A super basic color. You choose this color. You'll die. Now, why should you trust me? Tell the truth. I'm going to go ahead and show you get out right out the color. On a piece of paper. I'll show it to you guys when we're done. Now, here's a challenge. You guys cannot choose the same color as anyone else in the line. If you choose the color that I am thinking of, you will die. Only one person will die. Maybe zero people. Zero people can die. Only one person can die for this game. So let's begin. Let's go with a home lander sandwich over here. Let's start on the side. All right, give me a color. I'm burgundy. That's not a basic color. Give me a basic color. One that my kid would understand. Green. Thank you. Next. Green. Please come with me. Now, I know a lot of people went before you a whole two people. It's a cause we chose a color. I was already sued by somebody else. No problem. No problem. I will give you a chance. Give me another color. All right. It's going to be a hard chance though. Who am I speaking with? What's your name, sir? Dalton. Dalton. You can give me any other color but you must spell a backwards perfectly within five seconds starting now. So let's go five. I'm going to say that. I had a few days to say that. So this is returned to the line. Challenge passed. Chose red. All right. So this is what we're continuing next. Purple. Next. White. Next. Grey. Next. Brown. Next. Brown. Brown. Next. Purple. Next. Purple. Next. Purple. Next. Purple. I'm going to give you the same exact challenge. Just say the name of a color that was not selected already but spelled out backwards within five seconds and you live. So let's just go. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Zero. I can't think of anything. What the fuck? No, but sign is a basic color, man. Bro. And it's blue. Sign is a basic color. So you're going to be like, wait, what? I'm sorry. It's already said. No, you have the same exact challenge. Simply read out. Read out the name of a color backwards that has not been said already within five seconds and then you're safe. So it says begin. 5. E T I H W. Somebody, stupid said white. I'm going to color. I know I said white. I'm trying to figure out. So what does this jump of you chose white? It's a color. Stupid. All right. It's time. See the people like that in the line got screwed over that game, bro. All right. I couldn't even say sign. Black, no. Black, no. Yes, ready to sign in and third grade, bro. Yeah. Gold is a good one. Silver is a good one for sure. Evil Jimmy said black. Yeah. All right. And if you said purple, you're dead. See how come on down. Oh my god. I was going to say it. Oh my god. T. B. Oh no. I should be mad. I'm actually impressed. I should be mad. You're a psychic. That's great. That was an impressive ability right there. What? You picked out the color I was thinking. Mind reader. All right. I'm going to play the game one more time this time. You guys can choose any color any of those basic colors. But sort of you can choose any color that's been discussed so far that I can kill them for. And you can use duplicates too. I'm going to write out the color really quick. That makes things so much confusing. Just pick any basic color. Yeah, just basic color. And then he's got to pick another color and whoever has that same color. You can pick a duplicate. Everyone can choose the color really yellow if they wanted. You know? Even as a ghost. This is so fun to watch. I think we all know how to match my color. I think we all know how to match my color. I think we all know how to match my color. All right. Just give me your colors quickly. Actually, I have a good idea. Red. Red. Next. Purple. What? If you're not going to have a name. If you don't have a name. You can't have a name. You can't have a name. I've already done the number of roles. This is a basic boy. Now, next. Color. I can't have prove I can't recall. Walk up and do it. I'm going to ask. I'm going to ask my third role today. If she knows what Bayes is and she says yes, get pointed out. I'll give you a hundred dollars via PayPal next I want to start spending it yet What color round round next silver next yellow next What color He said Okay color pink all right, sorry, I'm the interpreter All right, and oh god the color is any guesses and chat what color I chose one of the someone here did choose a color I think it's gonna be pink It's a example color All right All right, so it says choose any of these four vehicles you like so just get on top of it Oh, they miss cake clapper It even says it's a pale sandy white yellowish brown color see it doesn't even have a term for it It's a pale sandy yellowish brown color Look at the board page look at the building with the blue thing look at the building with the blue thing that's beige okay All right, good discussion guys all right. Well, we'll call the Creole a company a little bit later today to discuss a for now All right, so does as you chose your vehicle congratulations. That is your team They are unfair. It's a nice you great only one team will live So does look your teammates. Oh, no, just look at their weapons Thirvane Great Here are the rules It's melee only maybe touch the floor. I kill you automatically even if you get back up on the top of the car Home ladders looking real rosy now be able to jump to other vehicles You can would melee while jumping whatever you're gonna have to I guess the last team survive Those to the finale play one player you win the entire game game could end right here Swiftress says go No, no, so does this stop. Oh, are you kidding on teaming? Let's try that again People on the other cars this is your team I I'm sorry, man, but you can you can hate big decks the rest of your life by the fortune that is All right, let's try that again. You're rest of your days in the afterlife. All right. This is three teams The team of three is him a two team of one last interviving moves on Swiftress says begin You guys go I Move We Got nothing to lose you want one of these Swiftress is you three please follow me come on evil Jimmy. I'm rooting for you I'm scared y'all are too scared Love you guys appreciate the follows all right great job great job The the century got him in again with the other day we were putting circles around it. So let's it Oh, I need I need I need dead players help Isley the person can run around I need I need someone pick a player and count to me times to run around the turret in a circle the person runs around the Most runs around at the most times Is the Let me get we got hang on let me get you guys a large But I came that's good. Wait, so yes, which part are you gonna be standing in front of the third and the only counts when they pass in front of you This case if they go off they have to go go do a rotation around the turret So I rotate and you can't you know, yes, all right You're not allowed to go. Oh, you know can't use any object is like you know barriers for example You can't run around the police car for example All right, Swiftress says begin. Who's counting all right one All right, we have a count from age come on stupid. No stupid batter come on Oh Stupid No No No No No No No No That's going to be going to make sure you have a count 24 25 Oh, 26 27 God damn it 30, 31, 32, 33 34, does he know that it's not so big? 37 Senior That's 40, 41 you all get to go sweetheartigger 545 47 60 60 60 60 60 65 6 69 69 I want to fall 33 5 Since you're gonna start I'm gonna do a few 9 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 I'm gonna do a few 9 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 1