 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says we're on one down Swiftress says jump once Just to make sure you're not AFK like this guy. Oh, that's gonna late sir All right, let's test that again Let's make sure you're actually here. All right everyone crouch Sir Roof had to climb down man bro that trick was not for you. I was trying to catch price over here Price were you walking around sort of the price come on down man Oh Look you guys have both the guy gold guns guys are good at the game right So what does that do you guys know your Katie off the top your head It's really low. I've been trying to back set my guns for ages How about you man? My kb 0.90s Okay, so so both I'm sure both of you is better than me. All right, we do a little test here Test your gun skill you two kill each other Yes My guy No hesitation So does the groove found come with me man So does the groove hand comes stand over here man now groove hand What weren't wrong there you think That's right. It's okay man. On the plus side. It's impossible. We should have failed anymore Swiftress says unload So does that stop All right, Swiftress says price you may rejoin the game the first few minutes You know, I've gotten a lot of I've got more message than usual recently saying that I've gotten too soft. That's kind of true. It's kind of true It's okay only I'm gonna do what I will Can't make the games fun. All right good job for those of you that have played in our war zone customs You know I'm about to ask everyone get to the back of the bertha come on down Swiftress says stay up there You guys know the deal you're being you're paying attention. You're not doing anything unless I say Swiftress says which is good Great Swiftress says Come on to the actual rooftop on to the you know the floor over here get off the little that edge of the side Swiftress says follow me Well, oh sir stop Thank you Swiftress says follow me You I'm trying to catch up with the guys in the back Evil led what happened man fall off All right, Swiftress says freeze There he gets what does as aim your gun at the person closest to you Oh, cool, right Now Just as price you stand right over here. Don't point you gonna anybody I don't trust you honest. All right, best of you guys I'm about to try and trick you to kill your your your your partner. I will not actually do it I'm not actually gonna have you kill anybody Listen very carefully When I say the name of something that uses potatoes fire a one bullet French fries That's what just that's for you Then The floor murderers come over here He said french fry So does it say I know I'm playing with you. Oh, buddy. Oh, that was head of the city What happened there? I literally told you guys. I wasn't gonna do it. I told you guys. I'm gonna try and trick you I Was pretty rough guys. That was pretty rough Baby, I appreciate that Oh, man who died Who died Oh, man, I feel bad for you guys. I'm not bad enough to bring you guys back in sorry So if just as you for into the back of this truck Swiftress says everyone else please come back down to the street. Join me over here What So it says come on down Don't say it's your price that's that's a fee bill to the head So it says you for standing can stay can police stuff you will have a chance to survive possibly I died it though So just do not move Oh my Yes, I'm sorry sometimes again bugs out and a vehicle can explode you guys eat have EOD and you might survive this If you survive this I did my I did a reasonable up a reasonable effort in to kill you and if you survive you can come back in With that said Everyone else what says aim at the truck Oh, you guys are fine. Swiftress says unload Oh Oh All right, so what's that stop they're dead guys they're not alive. They're they're they're gone All right, Swiftress says please follow me. Let's go check out the map a little bit I spent great. I this is my first time on the new version of the map I like the I like the color scheme I Where are we in Mexico Ah nice Got a great vibe Wasn't one of the maps in marford two Called Marcaro. This is Every mapper in this game are unlocked wasn't the original lawn warfare to you All right, we go the gas station Swiftress says we're going inside the gas station, please Not a fabulous map and all the jail All right, you guys are on top All right, Swiftress says everyone get this close to the center of the shop as you can you don't want to be near the doorway some these proximity mines again All right, so last time I tried to really tell everyone what I was gonna do and people still died But try that again and watch you guys survive one of these without failing on this side. I'm putting down approximately mine On this side I'm also putting down a proximity mine I'm trying to get a good view both sides pardon me I'm not sure how I feel about this look there's no it's not even a right. I told you guys exactly what's over there I'm gonna race I can't stop the police It's cool anyway. I'm to your uh Your southeast I'm like the entrance you guys came from Really simple Swiftress says just get behind me No death No death Here you go EOD saves the day Great job. No fatalities. We've lost no players No players good jobs. What does that freeze great great You guys listening you understand them all right now next one's a little bit harder Last person inside the the gas station dies go This is all thrilling coming me bad There's another guy took a step up man you got my attention Go out of my way. I don't think I can get on you. That's too bad. Can't get out of the zone this way Are you okay man don't worry bro. Don't get don't be so sad I rather go out of my way look all stram What I've been here look listen don't worry man all stram Please stand over here man you will have a chance to survive this was all stram stand over here Here's what's gonna happen man Which is please stand on top So here's the rule we're gonna throw another smoke grenade And as long as you stay in the smoke and you don't die You get to rejoin the party guys When I give you the word it'll be very specific. I'll be I'll say you know Fire you know at the S word you guys and try and kill them Don't try and fire before so look all you gotta do is to survive as long as you stay in the smoke you are you're you can go wherever you want All right go for it sort of says fire Oh no he died sort of stop stop All stram then you run inside what was your plan to go into prone What was your strategy I can't find your body I found I found that found the gun it's over here somewhere yeah This is all that's left Oh man how you said you're throwing smoke not acid Oh man all right does anyone think they could survive that challenge by the way I can tie to be honest I'm feeling lucky I will try to do it Oh Jimmy come on over man I wasn't dead I probably Okay there we go same exact rules Jimmy you can start moving and stay within the smoke Everyone else will be a little fire when I give you the word All right you can move Swept to says fire Swept to says stop Oh I forgot him Oh we're up in gaming He will see mess I almost made it he almost made it he almost did Oh I appreciate the content Jimmy swifters as please follow me Ah some of the fun things All of the I don't know is how many of these airies I can't oh here perfect Swifter says everyone on top over here this is good Jimmy knew what he was getting into he knew it was a death sentence Jimmy's a veteran he knows he's doing Price wants to do anything good price I'm surprised price is still alive All right this is a mini game where many people will die I mean I'm far we into the game we're for ten minutes is recording people can die now So you're the rules There are two proximity minds that let red car If you touch the floor other players can shoot you Your job will be to get on top of that red car without using any kind of weaponry Don't trigger the mines using your guns We have to jump on the red car not die If you touch the floor you can be shot by a new other player All right Now it doesn't matter whether you're last or first onto the red car what does matter is that you do it within The next 30 seconds well there's a guy in the floor You won't want to you don't want to kill I mean you get on anymore Well he was easy you as a body shield Swiftress says if a player is on the floor you can kill them until further notice Swiftress says we have 30 seconds get on that car good luck If you're not on the car you're in trouble if you fall off you can die Great job guys great job Don't press me Who sacrificed himself with what's their name MPR there we go Real mind war for three I like this one we have 32 player lobbies man. I'm a game show host I like having the flexibility to do fun stuff like this All right Swiftress says the floor is now safe I didn't say you guys can get off though No No, no, no, no, no, no, Swiftress says you four Well, I did say it was safe. Yeah, I know I get never mind never mind your Swiftress does follow me. I said I'll say okay. I can't kill you first take it safe No, it's why no, it's fine. That was ambiguous. All right, Swiftress says stop Oh, there's no Can't get out of the zone here. All right great. Swiftress says go as far down the rivers you can't over here Yep Yeah, I was a confusing one Great To be a race to the end I love the sound effects You know, I'm gonna race with you guys Hey, you're strong are there any wheels up there? So I can get stuck off You'll be fine man. All right, Swiftress says run with me Isn't that refreshing Yeah, all right, so does this go to the end This one's bird Smarks You can you beat your microphone man or kill your birds either or I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Don't kill your birds. She's the joke All right, great. Do you guys are Below these beams over here You lodge a thank you to the super chat man appreciate that dude Since 10 man I love hearing that thank you very much, dude. All right, so All you guys got to do is stay under this wooden bridge without being killed I'll be firing bullets randomly until I get bored. Swiftress says move around if you'd like First victim Good luck second victim You look like I got shot in the toe I want one more death come on Oh my oh no one died I got no The bird is the bird dead oh man All right Swiftress says why don't you guys like it's was pretty fun I thought one of you guys have that kind of fun. Swiftress has stand up It's just an optional little shoulder. I'm gonna pick one person to do the same thing Except you only get to kill one person All right All right first person a crouch gets to be the killer Wow It's not safe Swiftress says But you do get the play still except me the reverse Swiftress says everyone else go up there Just download it So it just is downloaded your lot to move back and forth however you'd like under this bridge All right everyone else Swiftress says everyone up there gets five bullets to fire down begin Which says go Well there I go Great good job everyone It's now a race which says the last person to the end of this river dies go Oh Barry's not looking very good man better figure out how you gonna do this It's not looking too great bro. Damn lightning. Oh my always this slow You gotta switch to your secondary my man. I am I have my pistol out Oh All right, oh I've got mosquito drone now. I love using these all right There'll be the same thing this time except a lot of people are gonna die All right guys This is a scenario where being first is not actually mean you're gonna live So if this says it's another race last person dies good luck Very cautious I like it Watch I hear it You know That crazy Says kill co-obra star I'm dead by the way Yeah, secondly man The range on that just crazy That's why I waited a second I like what all the other shows Is uh this guy quiet the this guy quiet the the barrier. Yes. All right Swiftress says you four go through the top you can congratulations through the final four players I Guess it's gonna be a shorter episode than usual Yeah You know what we're gonna play a brand new game Oh we call it cod and a barrel. Swiftress says all dead players rejoin the game and go under this bridge Currently guys have let's see your three one one Zero okay good remember remember your score your current score guys so you go with three lightning with one groupie soda with one and Boss man zero there we go all players rejoin the game will go under the bridge And you guys will suddenly have to kill as many people Under the bridge as possible when I give you the word So it's gonna be like a I'm a kill race I'm also impressed my latency is about 20 ping lower than it was