 What is up everyone welcome the swiftress says what says is to When I say when I say to do it Toast is long tear to show this game works what does butter toast come with me man? Alright swiftress says don't worry bro. Listen. We're gonna have a fun little mini game to start Swiftress says you will respect a swiftress says command from every single person here But only do it when they say Swiftress or when I say Swiftress until this game is over So it says the safe word is Binoculars once I say the safe word again. It's back to only respect what I say is when I say Swiftress says good We all understand great what says we're gonna go down the line here You guys can say command with or without swatress says we can try and fake them out with a fake command but if you make a mistake you die and You survive you survive good job. This is a be your first man It's Rector says jump Good job jump You get you get once man one one command each person guess let's go over a few guy around rules Says no weapons are allowed in this at all and these should generally stay in this area all right So does baby you to rip next Swiftress says jump up the bridge I would never say that in real life by the way So does come back onto the bridge Yep take the long way man no big deal Great Alright, so just says I don't need to say Swiftress says you guys got to want to call your name. Let's do it. All right Sam you're up next Rouch X-ray girl So if you're says crouch Or Simon says turn around and jump If clip so I'm gonna say spin All right Alex Swiftress says look behind you All right and gorge jump Rift Around Stee's Swift or jump Good job. That was just the warm up all right So it says all of you guys can say commands whenever you want good luck better toast Guys you just as you guys can give them commands domestic Judy chimp in the picture says hop while doing it this Simon production Legend of Mars 87 then it's just pop off the bridge in 자신ist of where the worker are italisk atiles do telescope inactivist intel skip That's not the same for that I have to say scrummage. My brain is my brain is All right binoculars Swift or says good job man. There you are you are free Swift or says follow me You guys are being very nice to him by the way you could have been much more brutal Like how? Overwhelming him overload You go to spin like sort of says cross sort of says stand. It was a crotch. It's dead. It's dead. So I'm just kidding I'm just trying to see if there's either you can have a Back there where and someone said a slide and he didn't quite slide Okay, sort of says lapshooter a shoulder it also could use droplet control by mistakes. No big deal. Just having some fun I haven't someone I teach you how to play. No, I'm trash of this game. All right, so it says jump once Bro as you got a jump when I say to jump jump once So it says keep your eyes on me agent you very curious by who else messes up Don't worry guys Have a tree stump over here The first person this tree stump gets ten commands leave other players go Swift or says no But it says jump three times Swift or says crouch Last person to turn around dies Swift or says stand up Swift or says look to your left Guys my left look to my left Sort of says drift and agent come on down I Didn't say Swift or says. Oh, I got you. So if you're says everyone else take a look at these two guys It made a baby mistake and baby mistakes require you know, baby punishments You guys will be a okay as long as you survive So just as both of you guys look at each other Which is as you guys will we those shoot each other once all of the players have walked between you Got it We have one two three four five six seven eight nine ten Templar so once Templars walk past you guys you guys and then kill each other Just as you guys can walk past them whenever you'd like You Take a limbo line over here. I will low can you go? That's all of them Yes, you better Good job, agent drift to try man. All right, Swift or says follow me This is the back of this truck while I figure out a little mini game with this out of zone area over here I just went and go out of the zone one. No, I cannot Ah sad days Gonna find something to work with over here. No, not really everyone call me Swift or says join me over here in the barn I Just says let's go inside Got a bunk bed over here. It's just a scratch if you if you've ever used a bunk bed before What you folks? Oh, wow there you go. No bunk beds are great. They're very, you know they they utilize Space in a more efficient manner, right? Swift says Alex you're the only person who has a bunk bed. We should teach you how to switch us as everyone else at the side of the barn Which is Alex Okay, I can't get on this at all, man. Wow, they really Brack down on the kind of stuff you can have here. Let's roll play a little bit. All right, there's Alex Keep it for a top bunk or bottom bunk if you have a choice I Good choice sir So does that's I'll get on top of these logs All right, your top bunk. I'm bottom bunk All right, Swift or says Last person all that hail with their dies go I guess guys get nothing you didn't hear that Swift or says last person on this hey dies Everybody everybody Alex out of the app and man you were like the closest person to the side Oh wait Understand that Alex or not on the hay bro No problem Well, you can actually hide down here. Well, that's great. What yeah, well, I mean you could like I don't think it's useful at all But you can go the prone and everyone stop moving and can you go sideways? I don't think so I think it's Which is you out you know what you know what I'm supposed to freeze Let's see many people we can fit under here All right your job everyone is to go into prone and slip into that little hole go Swift or says go Not many people not many people Swift or says freeze So it says gun top of the hay bales by time the smoke clears otherwise you're dead three two So it says raise Yo, it's a B X ray girls, which is as you three please follow me Okay, no words It says all three of you please down on this bay of hail right here Everyone else please look through this window So it says everyone else look through this window Oh no, which is as close to the window bro Great this game, so it says these commands are only for these three until further notice So it says you guys just chill all right great Yolanda x-ray goal a a4b welcome So there's a4b can you explain your username? I'd say think that my family has I'm the youngest of four and the b is just something all four of us and my parents have done for a long time Everyone just calls me either a b or a Got it Great All right, hey for me. I hope you're familiar survivors guilt Swiftress says commands are working against what does everyone follow me, please Look my job the trick you don't take don't never take it personally Yeah, I'm used to it. It's okay You were you were in the middle x-ray girl, you know, it's just one of those situations. What does this one on this platform over here? Never in the middle again And I'm just having so many players that I could just kind of throw none approximately mine and have some fun These days approximately like it's way not entirely lobby. It's too easy Great, you just trust me now you're here real quick Let's actually might work hang on All right, I jump here Hmm Hang on I'm pretty sure I can man to long there hang on let me just try more time I need to do a tactical sprint one two No All right, you know what it'll have to work from this direction everyone start on the truck over here Swiftress says on the truck You can add one on the side most rock Here are the rules If you touch the floor You come back to the truck and you start from the beginning again. It's touching the floor is not immediate loss But the last person to except successfully jump to the third platform We'll lose you can uh You don't have to jump on these boxes over but you can't if you want to you know, and ease your jump Don't mind that. That was a mistake That's bad Well, it's probably a dot don't worry about it. I'm sure it'll be okay Uh Sure, fine great Swiftress says the last person to complete the challenge hang on. I'll lose one more time So in a few moments, I'm gonna ask you to jump the truck the platform A the platform B I get there is up to you the rule is you simply cannot touch the floor If you touch the floor if the restart from the beginning again last person success Successfully do this challenge will die Swiftress says begin One oh touch the floor touches if you touch the floor go try again No Touch the floor oh man oh man oh goy look I don't think that proxie minds going on we're fine Oh everyone got this Right Is that everybody? Yes Yes, sir, the person we do our toast Oh, I think it was you was an immediate Butter you were the last one man. Don't worry butter You have a chance to survive Swiftress says everyone On top of the the Velo over here second floor, please never butter toast It was butter toast You know, I've a mission for you man For to have lost my proxy me mine. I can't just have it sit around man. I'm needed to dispose of that If you can't dispose of it no big deal So it says all you have to do is walk up to that mine and stab it three times if it will does not go off Then you can rejoin the group does go off you're dead listen. I think it's bugged here. So it says first off Was butter toast please walk by that proxy mine. It's not gonna go off See I think it's bugged see like I said For this butter toast if you can stab that three times and doesn't go off then uh you can rejoin the group Yeah, the floor is yours glitching Do you're very best man. What does it stab it? Well hang on are you are actually stabbing the floor man? I'm that's that's not close again get to him that being underneath directly underneath me Oh closer man Oh There that's kind of fuck I really have The place that's On the place that's not glitch I did okay to be fair I did stab it more than three times I didn't say to give my god I Can go it that was you Man You've all here for that man I was not That was not part of the job description All you to be like as I stab the three times in blob now I mean I was actually writing the send you back up All right, all right. It's okay. Lesson learned all right. So it says remain up there, but lap shoulder to shoulder For those of you asking how to join these games join our discord server join discord.gg or slash swift or or search google or whatever search engine for swift or discord once you're in there You'll get an alert and when I need players y'all y'all hop in to ready to play and you might get pulled If you don't get pulled your odds are increased your next time using our our bot to some magic science that helped that happen great We have eight players left All right, it's time to divide you guys by two All of you guys have a partner so it says look to your left to right and make sure you're locking guys with another player There's a bar switch and swifter says Alex switch There we go everyone needs a partner great All right, this is gonna be a melee only situation That means is that uh No gunfire will be involved that way only your partner will die or only you will die so If you says listen very carefully If you says jump If you says stand Which says look to your left So if you says look to your right Look at your partner You guys just goofed Which is the a b agent steese for those all three of you guys come on down and say swift or search your partner All right, that leaves us with five up there. I need one of you guys to survive this you three kill each other So if it says you five up there can look One of these guys will be a partner to let me see here It'll be Sam's partner you three will be fighting to be Sam's love Oh, yes All right, so it says you three You Listen closely We have many game where you guys were allowed to melee the other two players Just you can position yourself anywhere you want in this platform by the way on the platform You guys will be able to melee each other once I name The state in the United States of America they're 50 states. There's so many there's so many All right, so does our any of you three not from the United States I'm not from the United States. Yeah, you're dead. All right, so I just wanted to let you know that you were dead Not right in there great So it says whenever I name a state the United States of America You guys can start stabbing each other just make sure you stand on there So it says going forward if you fall off the platform So it says the players up there can shoot you and murder you Doesn't matter if you get back on you fall off you automatically killed But it says you're going on to top over there. Take out your guns, please Great, which is doesn't care if we leave the game has begun Eris and d'Artica Ben Hatton Chile Rolasca No, no, no I thought I thought very clearly did not sell like Alaska He didn't say I heard Alaska I said bro, Alaska. I was the bro is wearing For There's no No, it really did though Alaska come on All right, listen, well look we'll have a vote. So it says everyone aim at a B over here So it says if you heard bro last go unload All right the vote passed there. We go democracy So it says you five please follow me Oh The litem bridge This one's last because you can he can shoot the way that hurt people Do we have time to do another one of these again? I don't think we do. This is not that exciting follow me Swiftress says follow me So It says it's time for tree science. Oh yes, can bullets go through trees You try this in monwear for two and the answer was sometimes All right, we need two players for this experiment for example, so if it says Most important part of the experiment the person receiving the bullet So if it says the last person crouch receives the bullet Damn it Sam sort of just please stand right here All right Great all right first person stand give us the bullet Sort of says first person stand gets the bullet As it gets the bullet boys sort of this is both of you I don't know whose first actually god damn it Ah, yeah, but it's it's just line up beyond the tree and a conga line You know what both are guests this is both guys get behind the behind there. There you go. It'll be fine How far could a bullet possibly penetrate all right says I gotta go But it says the first person to stand gets the fire bullet All right, so does engorged nut this comes stand over here All right, we'll simply fire so does a little bit higher man It was back up. I don't want you gun through. I don't want your gun go into the tree. So does it take one more step back To be the most powerful tree in the world look. I don't think a bullet's gonna go through this thing I think they're all gonna live All right engorged nut fire one bullet I've got some bad news, bro. I do that say swift recess But you guys also didn't die so that's good news Through the seat look come on over man Come on over all right, so does this kind of see your other weapon So I want the planthore all right. Oh, there we go. That'll do the work. All right. We'll maybe work a flamethrower would murder them Not not not okay. Hey, you never know tree could be a GTA tree So does he think the fire one shop please? You're good right all right Rescience accomplished for now. I'm sure some kind of penetrating bullet would do the trick So it says you for please follow me We're going into the canteen uh Which says Line up for your drink boys All right, actually no, so does you know gather around the couch. That's better So it says if you are under the age of 21 police crouch Might I am but I am legal. I you all right if you're under age 21 look I didn't ask if you were legal. I'm asking your under date 21. There we go. Thank you guys We're in um actually we're in brussell. I think Yeah, okay. I got sort of says that is anyone chat know what the legal drinking ages in brussell 1540 I'm brussell you don't have a legal issue. What We don't do we don't they don't look look not caring and they're being and there's a bad deal long it's 18 It's 18 there you go look look man Look man whether people you can get out all but they're gonna force the rule and whether the rule exists are two different things The state the same age as him okay So it says if you are under age 18, please remain crouched Well, look at that all right all right. There we go All right, let's see here. Let's play a little game Okay, so it says Jump if you're kind of familiar with this like alcoholic drinks in general No, get on you guys right Okay, yeah Hmm That's I can be fun if you guys are on the knowledge. That's fine. It says Amy your favorite beverage in general. This is not the alcohol. It could be like chocolate milk or it could be like cool aid So does Alex? Give a drink. Right. No, I just like watered but not watered. It's bright Bro, you gave me two drinks. I wanted one drink. Why should you live right now? One drink water. Thank you. All right, so does Bart. You ever drink? Saw it outside or there we go. I went through a side or kick for a very long time Sam favorite drink ice caramel latte. Oh, you man Eat coffee. Here we go. You gotta go coffee Here we good very good. All right, so it says no more talk. I hope you guys were paying attention to the other players Answers, if just says I want you guys Helena an alphabetical order based on the first letter of your favorite beverage Swift says begin from left to right with you know It's more I'm facing there. There you go. So does this no talking allowed So if you have five seconds to finalize Three two one Which is this freeze now if this was the price is right you to hear Because you got it wrong. This is not an alphabetical order Let's begin Wait Oh, you meant you're left. I don't know Is this what you guys thought? All right, no worries. I thought I was good. But mine. All right, so let's see here cider C.I Sam Caramel You're having a mistake boys Coffee said always what I've always said always Care Still wrong next Heathcliff coffee then water theoretically if seven he'd have swapped Abby correct He did say iced yeah, you're right. You're right Okay, let's try this one more time. I think I was understanding him all right forget beverages Um, so if it says give me Your favorite month of the year so it says begin art August all right Sam December Heathcliff November Alex Right, just remember those months. What does this follow me that's that's long So it says freeze Great I watch you guys in order from beginning of the year end of the year in month order already set go What does that freeze yeah I say swift or says Congratulations to Alex and Heathcliff our final two players See those are one of those distraction games you get people thinking about the order and then they're excited to do it And then they die so does this please you two follow me you guys are are making it to the finals You Mechanic shop my grandfather used to have a mechanic shop all right. Let's see here Ah, this is fun. So it says wait one moment Oh, I did it So it says Please stand on the ledge of the window All right, here's a challenge Moment when I give the word you'll be able to jump on this wall Only when you jump on this wall you can kill the other player any way you'd like If you fall off and the other guy jumps in the wall obviously that puts you in a severe disadvantage In fact, you probably automatically lose Ready set begin 15 guys and do that I can edit that voice cracked out of the video Don't ever hear it that'll be okay ready set go You Swift or says I want both of you guys to back up So it's back at back of the room over there is too easy too easy right I want you guys to be concerned I want there to be a chance for error Swift or says begin Bye-bye you left You can only fire them all you're at that wall man Don't let your guard down All you need to do is get on that wall and you can fire back at you Oh Remember if you fall all you got to go back and do it again Oh You should see what I have seen You could have done that That was a good attempt I feel like I feel like if you didn't see him go around the side over there He could have used the distraction tactic or that was that was a very tough one all right I'll congratulations on the win man. What's your shout out? Uh-oh shout out to you and the players and explanation mark Alex styles and the chat all right come into exclamation mark Alex styles the chat all right great game dude it times GG great game dude sounds a lot of fun GG You don't use from bro laska let's say no I was like typing and