 Alright, let's see here. What am I playing guys? What are you playing? Oh, yes. Now we're playing Swiftress says only do what I say when I say Swiftress says All right One thing in two two piles of boxes here everyone pick one box and get on top go ahead Oh, wow guys adjust it very quickly Swiftress says get on a box Get off one Swiftress is not making into my top of box. This is going to this Yep, it's a container All right You guys this container have to be as safe as possible if we get to the back. I don't know what we want to do He's guys gonna try and kill you without getting off those boxes Somebody's gonna fuck you Watch your language, sir Yeah, I want to be a PBS series one day Educational it's rational He's pushing us out of the container if you get out of the container. I will kill you all right with that said I run around to the front with everyone on top. Oh, no, no stay with it. All right everyone on top of the boxes Your job is to use any tools you have bullets or whatever Throbals etc. Just don't know. Hey volunteer for the container go ahead So you just volunteer container time it'll be fine don't worry container All right, you guys the boxes can use any tools that you're disposal down They hurt people in that container. What you cannot do is hurt people that are on the boxes with you any of the boxes ready set go Swiftress says go Everyone crouch I have a semtex everyone Hang on be long wait We lose anyone on top of the boxes Swiftress says follow me All right, so it says your chart gets into the container. So just go inside the container, please Nope, all right, so quick game So it's a remain perfectly still so it says go to prone just to be safe I'm being pushed forward Your life Back inside of the container This don't want his dudes gonna be over in like 30 seconds There's another mini game out of this one door guys. All right, so it says well we guys step out so the container I changed my mind you guys don't deserve that you deserve this All right, Swiftress says the last person to touch the back wall the container and come back out alive dies go The last person do easy guys in good Oh Survive Nice guys All three of you guys on top of these containers over here Yep, all three of you on top of these containers. Oh, yes, we're just gonna do it. Yeah You did it. I forgot my own stuff Dean thank you for the roses appreciate it. Let's see here. Uh, Oh, here we go. All right So does that freeze? I think guys are all safe. Yeah Who knows maybe a bounce off one of those maybe a little crying and bouncing hit one of that be hilarious. Yep Yeah, I don't think it's going to hit a plate, but Oh Oh boy That's powerful Here we go I know we've been that boat for the next time I spent some swift bucks. I got this huge entry Alright, so guys let me explain how this is gonna work I'm gonna be in the north east corner This would be very dangerous be a bombardment going on the first person to touch me. I'll be the container adjacent Well, when the game I Think I'll survive this so it says begins now good luck I was very anti-climatic Sniper one Not every not every and then can be spectacular Often diving to his sniper. Did I not kill you? I even kill myself Mr. Rassel. I turned the test All right, you can go to the sniper. What's your what's your shout out? A little bit faster a little bit wider, but you know Snapper Twitch they're going live hopefully with funk later on the scene there we go could the mods on twitch please do a shout out for sniper offense Thank you all right GG guys