 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says it's Valentine's Day. Swiftress says Crotch if you have a Valentine today. I don't my wife's I have some other side of the world remember mode Valentine. Oh you mean like in person? No no no Swiftress says Crotch if you have a Valentine anywhere anywhere. Is there a Valentine that exists? Great. Swiftress says all you singles come on down. Alright don't worry guys. Swiftress says all you lonely folks you're safe. Swiftress says that over there's time to make these people who are happy and real like pay. You will pay for my lollipotent even though you're never responsible. No. You're not lonely. I love you wife. I love you wife is. No worry. Swiftress says all of you guys up over your lap shoulder to shoulder. Who does as you can stand up? Maybe like it. There are all of that. No. Let's make a watch. It's hard. There we go. I need to come back. My internet flash. You need to come back. Yes please. Swiftress says come back into the game do I we have a special mini game for you? Alright. Alright don't worry. So guys. Swiftress says everyone over here. You get to pick any Valentine you want over here as long as you're not taken. Swiftress says go walk in front of the Valentine you want. Go ahead. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No Do not get it when I'm not the best last year the 25 years ago I wasn't I was middle school BUT NO. no ones to the properties.不是friend family but no one knows my lesson. In your son's name. my wonderful wife she surprised me with a little uh uh the only time to get while she was away yeah she hid this in our home it was like I mean I was like yeah go check the envelope it's a very cute very cute oh very much miss her very much it's got a rabbit on it yeah but that's that time for people to die that's so cute all right Swiftress says you come with me you're safe for now what's your name I said I said I'm sorry I know we hear a little bit all right so there's the way this game's gonna work folks the moment you crouch stab your partner Swiftress says crouch oh my god it was away so there's all killers come on over your gift yeah gift so for sure it's getting over here you don't know so there's all killers over here I didn't say Swiftress says stab I always say crap I even killed the wrong person this good for says every player with a kill make your way up over here yeah I hope you die now thank you my aim is this is off too why did it go to the person oh okay hey hold on it's shadow yeah yeah yeah oh it's guys I'm not getting I'm not getting complain over here Swiftress says the cast shadow carito phantom tl and rascal isos what is up over here no I thought we were just here oh good all right Swiftress says everyone else please let up shoulder shoulder down over here I'm done I'm done really in the game yes shot yeah here on my list okay hand you up Swiftress says stop talking thank you all right so does Dwight are you back in the game yet yes I am right here yeah what is with me they just has both of you guys looking at each other all right again you're only allowed to melee after you crouch so does NSM you just warm now so it says white If when I say crouch if you crouch fast in SM he dies All right What do you want you want you want to see my language of love? Was my love language Just stop moving Except your fate. What if you want him to live all you gotta do is let him crack before you okay? That's it crouch I Decure out of curiosity Dwight we're gonna let him crouch first Well, Dwight was not gonna let you crouch first. Maybe not leave it. Okay, alright close Now now unfortunately you seven made the mistake you know of of of only you know of murder in your party I asked you to just a crouch with switch or says and I asked you to stab the stab was was a misleading pre-swifter says rule If you guys have any legal defense for for your actions, which is as you may step forward and I can hear your case They're all guilty. Yeah, I like that idea all guilty great. All right you seven a little last person live live to each other Oh That's pretty good All right, so Unfortunately six of you will die But with a voice crack apparently One of you will will will get to live and we'll get to live the person who is the Valentine of the live viewers on YouTube and Twitch right now I forgot to go allow a tick tock sorry tick tock All right, so each of you guys are going to go ahead and say your name and and say something lovely to chat and and the viewers are gonna pick their Valentine So name please I am I'm delayed All right, let's see here. I'm trying to say no this can take too much time never mind It was a buddy. I was gonna. I was gonna make chat vote. I'm sorry. But shall give you no chance of a later on this can take too long You seven kill each other I'm only gonna kill one of you guys. Oh actually, so it says everyone who was killed by these guys rejoin the game We're doing the game. Oh, thank God. We're enjoying the game if you're if you are Don't worry. No worry you guys will have a chance to make amends with your with your ex-Valentine They're gonna walk through this once you rejoin the game walk up to the person that killed you The meantime you guys chill where else have a little fun with you guys. So it just says all of you over here So it is all of you over here get on top of this if you can all of you will not fit You're gonna come in from above and might work. I am very clever We all make it. I'm like I'm gonna shoot. It's like it pretty good You know Oh Yeah, it was death. Swifter says for those who did a rejoin in the game Please walk up to one of your killers over here. I know that guy what I see if you're not sure you killer is you can ask for their name All right, Swifter says freeze All right for the folks who has to go to top of this tourist information stand if you didn't make it up So please let over here. Don't worry. You're fine. You're Merseville team. I have too much going on right now. I've got this mini game. I'll get this mini game There's too much I need some resolving I killed 15. I don't know who's in front of me right now Um, if it's a casket with a oh, it's like a I have the pink Yep, that's me. Oh, okay I got a whole lot of ideas. So I was confused your guys no longer here they left the game. Who was your guy? I He had a red black beater. They hit up. You don't remember the kill feed. What's your name? Jesus, and uh, all right who killed panda to jump up and down if you can't panda? There we go Here's your killer right here. I mean your balance on there you go I'm not sure who killed me Killer Valentine This makes no sense. How come we have so many more people that we have You I like you knew it. I can't kill that So we have a little love triangle going on here. Oh All right, so this is just fun to part. No way about it. It's just fun to partner Things have it at three some just fine apart Calm down All right now mind you let's go over the rules real quick just because you get killed by another player It doesn't mean you get to rejoin the game. It's just the way the game works sometimes you get killed by another player you die. It's all for fun But bringing players in again here. This is a chance for them to survive again if They can kill their Valentine for the game Valentine kills them now if your Valentine kills you a second time It's really messed up, but they do get to stay in the game The Swiftress says look at the person across in front of you. They're gonna try and kill you. You're gonna try and kill them This is no tricks this time. This is not gonna not gonna try and fake you out of the doing it like you know wrong or whatever that we already do that That's old If there says when you hear me fire my gun We'll kill the person in front of you if you do that you get to stay in the game until the next mini game So it just says listen carefully Oh Roll still in effect. Oh, I could have made that more fun. I missed opportunity. Anyway, I really wanted this shot All right, listen carefully I was gonna melee him. I was trying to melee him and then resolve thanks mini game So much of the Valentine's that we killed just came back Yeah, so I wanted I wanted to do a look at me least. Okay, yeah, we're moving on all right We have four people up over here so does you for stand up? So it just says you two that were standing up. Please get off. Yep, you and you It was you too. Let's get some names Your Valentine's union and Packer all right you guys we're kind of like you know a little greedy there you guys were in prone preventing people from getting on the On the tourist box men. Don't you think that's a little a little much? Pushed off once. No, that's why I wanted payback. It's called payback, though because I got pushed off once So it says you two guys look at each other So it just says once three more people get on top of that tourist booth you guys will melee each other Yep, yeah, you got the count all right So it says let me pick three people to participate so does last three people so it was his first three people that crouch will participate All right, so this is you you and you come on over All right, so does this you three gonna top that tourist booth good luck Once the all three are on there you guys need to melee each other Can I rejoin on the person you are killed? Yeah, sorry One Two three Oh, they fall for you Now one of the attackers is remember don't set the wrong person Wait, so the only those two can start each other. That's only those two yes Oh, there's only one on there now about the homelander Oh Genie welcome All three are on there I fell off Oh, oh, oh, oh, sir No problem, so after says the three players ask to go up there, please get off Sort of Syrian hop back on Special treatment no, no, don't worry. You know, it's my baby. I made bad rules if other guys fall off You automatically die there we go. So does you three get back on rules resume? So does the rules are now back in play One They're doing those Two one more Swiftress says all three players are on there there we go Serious then Don't survive all right It says I won't please follow me Yeah, let's clean All right, so it says everyone on top of this fence please be careful. I don't want you to die All right, so it says I changed my mind from this main to rejoin the game We know Let's feel a little bloodthirsty earlier, which is why I said no So does on very on the very top there we go great all right, we get a good view here This match is glitching out hard today Swiftress says look to your right Oh, oh, yeah, yeah, I'm sorry, sorry, so I close my eyes from here. I'm sorry. Oh look to your left Sir, sir are you riding out? I Prone Now that's the kid your band look no snitching I didn't catch him. I didn't catch him. I would have noticed if you went look They got away with it good job look no stitching, please. It's my job to catch people unless I unless I request it all right cool All right, mate welcome back all right, so it says you what's your name? Got me Baffle just please stand still so does everyone else move as far forward as you can find a nice condensed line over here Someone's gonna fall off Don't worry you guys gonna love this so does this look in that direction don't change direction you looking at You're sorry So does doggy style I get to hear your family behind you brother sound absolutely wonderful or TV That would take they also sound wonderful, but please you thank you great. I try to tell him I got you all good I got all right great guys gonna love this minigame Swiftress says keep looking in that direction In a moment when I ask you to do something that's maybe a little difficult So just as if you fall off other direction you die So just as I'm going to walk backwards without looking backwards looking away from your current direction So you can't move backwards anymore. That means the person over here mage in a walk backwards and you're gonna hit the wall over there So you guys will all move backwards. So it says you're allowed to look down if you'd like though Okay, there you go. Yeah, you're not my complete monster yet. Yeah, all right great This is gonna be difficult. Yeah, if enough people dials just cancel the minigame. I know big deal All right, so just as carefully move backwards without falling off Yes, it didn't great so far Welcome to watch guide YouTube welcome guys Hi, okay, welcome we're watching that twitch is there a way to turn off the comments on YouTube. I don't know Okay, so you know you should get know if you want to join our games you can join our discord The search Swift or discord on your favorite search engine All right, no one's died yet. Good job. Everyone's doing perfectly here. All the way back Sir you're like looking sideways look in front of you Thank you You're fine Yes, oh, you almost never get your recovery good recovery. I'm doing great Fox welcome How can you tell me that the wall you won't move no more look yeah exactly bro Yeah, I can't move back anymore. You may have done your job. Don't worry. Okay. You're very best. You guys are doing great better than best You Get myself almost there. We're gonna fit. We're gonna do this completion Oh my god Please the rules have not changed yet thank you for complying All right I Won't fell off I'm a little sad who didn't hilarious I mean great So just as you can stop looking down So just as you can look in whatever direction you want great job sort of just give yourselves a a run of applause you guys did a great job Okay Great now kill one person In law for it All right, cool the next one's gonna be a little bit harder guys All right, so just as you can look wherever you want this time There's no restriction on which direction looking but you do have to make your way to the other end of this fence It's a pretty long way But don't worry you'll be moving in a faster way not running So just as please hop your way on the fence so just as we fall off the fence while hopping Uh, I will kill you so just as please hop your way to the end of the line you have a A lot of time one minute good luck so just begin Now see how this would have been your game right here Yeah No walking allowed hops hops only This guy's going to speed a light holy moly So people who use the slowest one for the uh for the backwards Obsely doing great Oh, oh, oh Keep on hopping keep on hopping up and up all off If you hope if you fall off just try and get back on without me noticing I'm gonna like the like the like this is doing good up I noticed Notice I Almost there great. He's a good job. Just scares me You guys did a great job. Oh my god Again you guys an excellent job Welcome pretty sunsets welcome fins welcome. They're why yeah, but I appreciate the crown YouTube. Welcome guys All right, we have seven minutes left in this match and we have so a lot of players and you know The game is only over when there's one player left or if I make a mistake and everyone just dies This might be the latter This is a center gun your challenge is to get to safety Which is behind this silver sphere It's Swiftress says the only route will be by Running in front of it you can come over here if you want you can stay safe over here, but you have to Get behind yeah, I guess you're safe as soon as this is going to get over here or as soon as you get over here But you need to get behind the silver sphere my recommendation for maximum survival you guys should all go at the same time Well, probably happens you guys will go one of the time and all die Swiftress says begin Ah It's pretty good pretty good pretty good. Well, so you guys survived. All right. Good job I think no one was a bad idea all right. So it just says um Don't worry the the the center guns up pointing at you guys anymore. So it says please follow me We need the real attacker to win All right, we're gonna play a one more mini game with the center gun while I have it. So does everyone on this flower bed over here? I hate it So it says all you guys have to do is born in front of the center gun Loud dying, but just as you have a you have until it expires. So does this go Oh Okay, why is nobody dead We take some moments a lot on All right All right, so it says that was way too easy. So it says run circles around the center gun So it says go Yeah, all right, please everyone watching or am I me next and we do this is the circle thing that was so much fun All right, so does the stop it's that is gone you can't run circles around it. I appreciate the intent though Thank you Spirit of the games. So does this please follow me? All right. We have five minutes left and uh I'm you guys doing great Yeah, I can't say I had everybody while I'm recording the episode guys. I do appreciate all your you're all here though between episodes though Uh, I'll be a lot more attentive to the chat by the way our next game is gonna be a fun We're gonna we're gonna commemorate the feature that is removed from mon work very three they remove the um Below-down drop build upgrade So we're gonna have some fun with that next round. It still works in monore for two. So we'll do it here You're gonna find out Today you learn Ah, we're back at the Jeep All right, but this one I want to make sure the Jeep does not blow up switches back up Oh, wait All right, all right, this is gonna involve some explosives, but I don't want the Jeep to explode and kill everybody this time So switch to says everyone aim at the Jeep at the Jeep There we go all far enough away. Yes, good. All right blow up the Jeep. Please Fire They're good They're very good I was lying I want the Jeep to blow up switch was gonna top of the Jeep Is about to go back So I've got I've got two kids um One's three and the other ones three years old ones five months old and so I've been you know What would the years of me getting better at like learning all these like nursery rhymes or whatever And one is one of them involves like A bunch of kids in a single bed and the kids are rolling over and pushing one kid off at a time Which I think is very brutal like why are you guys forcing kids off the bed to sleep on the floor? It's really mean Um, it's better suited for adults in college duty. Uh, so we're gonna roll one player off This Jeep one at a time Yeah, what nine of you guys on here great. Yep, so it just says pick one person to die If more than one person dies That thing's happened I was All right kill only one player go Here so I will shoot one of you all the way which will microsoft just so you know Wow, it's just killed in one player Oh You know wow he really just killed it So it says we're made perfectly still Not the pancake Yes All right, there's a proxy mine under the Jeep it is possible if you saw where I threw it to like not triggering Swiffer says get to me without dying somebody move Oh Very good very good all right switchers says get on top of the Jeep again without dying Oh Jesus. Oh, God Supper's his last personal Jeep dies Don't go the right side of the Jeep Don't go on the wrong side it's Last person all right great All right, so that's the proxy mine did not do a great job Was that the fake attacker that died All right, we'll have a minute 30 left We're gonna play a game called fairy So this fairy's gonna come over and pick you guys up Oh So it says please hop on So it says please get on so it says we can't fit on you're gonna die You're best Yes, stay on the wheel suit Five I know what you're saying All right great All right, okay great. It runs on great excellent. So it says very well falls off kill them Yes New minute remaining I don't know what bro. What about bro? So it says if anyone anyone drops up you're gonna die speak enough So just shoot them if they fall off Well Oh my god I can't even see what's going on. Oh my god. It's FIFA No wait no No, I'm like you win Shut up on it all right All right, congratulations. I did not think about that one for a second, but you're right that you You walk the winner all right Made congratulations But yeah, man, what would it you know get a victory speech go for it I don't know I didn't expect me to win that But you think you're gonna fall off Wait, so hang on when you when he fell off you you knew to think that hey even though the thing expired He's not on the wheels anymore. He needs to die Yeah, dude that is that's great. I didn't even think about that way to go man I want to go man great play Do you see big brain news? Guys play Girl show, bro that was enough for me bro bandit game killed well congrats Job guys All right guys please All right great game. All right. Let's get for our next match