 What is up everyone welcome to Swiftress says we got some special settings for this one first off everyone's got extremely low health I'm Hp. That means if I were to simply Look at you too hardy just No, but no, no, that's don't worry about me. I'm not gonna continue this game. No, yeah anyway I'm you guys also also have proximity minds which says take out and hold your proximity mine Have my wonder waffle. I know somebody somebody's gonna ask You know, it says go pick up your freaking prox any mind. Just go pick it up Just go pick up your mind pick it up over them That was yours you put you put down two sir, that's yours. It wasn't yours. You'd be dead and so would the rest of us, right? That's your mind. Can you not pick it up? He probably has the resupply Just says just you You'll run off toss both your proximity minds and come back here and pick this one up. Oh God, oh no You could just shoot Oh All right, that was not the smooth star I was hoping for but we're back again. Everyone's alive All right, Swift says if you let go of your proximity by my my mistake, Swift says please come over here. You're not in trouble But it means I can't trust you You either don't know how to hold on to it or maybe your fingers are made, you know or coated in butter Where's my third person is it you all right? So does which one of you guys are Reese? Jump once There we go, so tree see that's why I asked you Anyway, all right look yeah, you let go you guys weren't sure how to hold on it's okay, so does it you three? You do not need to hold on to your proximity mind. So just you know follow instructions. That's okay Swift says everyone else hold on to your proximity mind and do not let go So it says congratulations the rest of you have passed pancake delivery service Enrollment program congratulations, so just as do not let go of your pancake Now you three Did you know that how it works? You just press you press the button you hold on to it. You never let go That's how it works and then you let go and people died. That's when bad things happen You three will have a different challenge later on Swift says everyone carefully follow me not let go of your pancake Possibly God please don't like Looking good looking good. This is gonna go wrong All right, so it says I want you guys to hop down and get into the fountain So does this continue. Don't let go of that pancake so many dead man I don't think we can get on Jimmy right here Gonna die look the fact that was lived so far me is very good Swift says please follow me to the west side of the map. Swift says west side do not let go of that pancake Swift says Join me in the dining parts Keep pressing that button. Okay I need songs for this one. Swift says surround the table This is going to this is practice for tonight's very special dinner Swift says surround the table don't get on top Come yourself the pancake Swift says let me continue my gag. Thank you Swift says look down at the closest part of the table to you Good Swift says carefully place down your pancake do not move. So just place it down Money move no money moves all right that was that was half decent There's not enough pancakes and tables, which says please pick back up your pancake So if you need to crouch and pick up your pancake from under the table I can't I'm full again Okay, that's bad Okay, no problem all right one more time Swift says Oscar pancakes onto the table I Is more You I'm not giving up on us I believe in our pancake delivery service All right take three We've made a small change We've taken away everyone's perks so no more regenerating proximity minds It seems like one might be enough for this game all right swifters says take out and hold your proximity mine All right, so it says one at a time show me your proximity minds Just show them to me inspection time so just walk over to me. Yeah, there we go. So there's just once you've shown to me leave All right, we just walk to keep holding it when we leave What do you think Everyone get in line come on board. We can do this looking good. All right, so just stop we're good All right, there we go. I'm satisfied. So just do not let go of your proxy be mine. So just follow me back to the dining room Oh, no, no, we gotta eat pancakes Do you know Make your way to the dining room go ahead without me. So just go to the dining room. I have a nick in my pancake though I think the pancakes a little bit heavy Closing the freaking door they can't I mean they have all their hands are full They're not doing anything. All right, so does this please surround the table All right, all right I Last time we had lunch here ahead diarrhea do not do not All you have when you had lunch your last time you did a great job everyone else died Uh, so it says smooth smooth. So it says no movement whatsoever none None last time we were here put it down someone moved and bad things happened So after says crouch Now stand up So does this jump on the table all you three The same people All right, so just as the three of you head to the uh West some of the table so does this head to the west side table you three. So does it go over there. Yep you three Okay All right, so just as you three He's make your way upstairs here with me Yep, so does you three make your upstairs Well still holding your pancakes that is not changed Well, it's so hard to hold it up with the mouse. I know. I know it's it's I appreciate your effort It's so hard holding that one button All right, so if this is here is your challenge If this says each of you guys will pass down your proximity mind one of the time You'll go pick it up. You'll come back here with it. Oh, so does this one at a time. Okay So does this wherever's up here in the banister your first just as you you yeah that point of my gunna So does pot toss it down to the table She's gonna with the directed pack with the proximity. Oh You're right there. So does this please go pick up your proximity mind back So if this says go pick it up, please They count tornado tornado So does that you so does that's your spot now go over there So just take out your pro just take out your proximity mind again your pot your your your pancake All right, so does your turn so does not kill anybody when you do this Oh You see So does this Reese kill pick up your proximity mind kill my boy he killed my boy Of course says Reese no, I'm not evil Jim Swiftress has stopped talking just Reese. Please go pick up your proximity mind. That is now your spot He killed my boy So does pick up your proximity mind and then take it out again Oh god, where's your you got it great. All right, so does says it's your turn sir. Please Poss it on the table don't kill me one then go pick it up There we go. Let's go pick it up. There we go You guys are being so safe. You're gonna just jumped off the balcony Oh Oh All right, or back again take four I Believe I've learned a lot here Which does do not take out your pancake. I think we need to go through some more training I'm fully certified. I'm fully certified I'm not sure you said you were fully certified for just going to the center of the pool All right, well you certified means you get to handle infinite pancakes. Swiftress says everyone toss your pancakes at him Moving So does not move your certification must be re-examined sir. All right I'm a perfect I deliver has my materials bro. Um, how are we gonna get out of this? You think I'm gonna get out. It's actually impossible I Swiftress says That shield is the shield away Swiftress says jump into the pool I didn't die I didn't die nice Yeah Oh my god Why you guys are the chosen few Swiftress says kill each other Who's alive All right, I lost try to make rise. This was all right everyone take number says look at me I've come to realize we need more training Swiftress says follow me. Oh pancakes right now You are not worthy of the pancake yet. Swiftress says make two single file lines in the water face each other Each of you guys I want to be across the people Jimmy You're so early for this Thank you. So just make sure you're directly across from somebody behind me. I'm not behind you Oh come on bro. No sharing everyone has one partner All right Great all right close enough one of you guys another partner, but you'll figure it out Cool all right, so You know, it's this is all my bad. I have been expecting you guys to deliver pancakes across the country and they're very You know fragile items and that's my bad. We need to start with what's called Maybe steps Step one So just take one small step forward Very good. So just back up shoulder to shoulder. So just back up there. Yeah, you guys get the baby step part done Good job. So just a shoulder to shoulder with your with your line Sir sir Yeah, there we go. No worries. No worries. This is training. I'm here to learn you know you guys are learning. I'm learning all right Step two So just as hold your pancake firmly So firmly grasp it Just hold it in your soft hands The pancake is in your hands I hate you whoever is in the cross. Yeah, you so much great Swim versus while holding your pancake It's slowly walk towards your partner across from you You If you have no partner don't worry about you worry about you are a lot of people Just tap the w. Just look just do your best You guys do great. So just keep your eye on your partner, bro. You okay? Need help He's winking at me and trusted Swiftress says you So just says he's your partner right here. There's two people. Yeah, you get door. I don't like the way my partner keeps winking at me So just keep your keep your eyes in your partner Oh So you says Corey pick up your proximity mind Pick it up nobody move pick it up says Corey So this is Corey pick up your proximity mind and come to me please Yeah Right here. So this Corey you let go of your pancake and what happened You hurt your partner. I mean to let you slip through his fingers. So it just says he's your new partner over here Just take out your pancake and this time do better Swiftress says look at your partner Swiftress says let go of your pancake Oh I was talking right when you said yeah, my god, Swiftress says pick up your pancake I think when you have to pick up the pancake only look oh my Some lessons are okay learn guys. Oh I think he just gave up We're back Yes, I feel like the one thing we're not learning here is to not to move Uh, people are still moving and it's uh doesn't work well Swiftress says please follow me. Oh pancake yeah People's reaction times are too good. It's hurt them It's just engraving. It says go into the water Exactly. He will Jimmy get across from me Yeah Swiftress says look around What happened last time was bad. Swiftress says follow me Oh shit where'd he go? Where'd you go? I thought my partner West West West All right here we go Let's try this one more time. So it says make two single file lines facing each other God The other direction guys which says from north to south Other axis You will jibby. Oh Get on the end over here North to south north to south. What do you guys say? You guys go over here. Yeah, it's good. Get your compass Hey I think I will say most folks did a good job last match of short range pancake delivery The moving thing was not very good for our health, but we're learning All right, Swiftress says freeze why Okay Whatever. Swiftress says make sure your feet are on the ground Thank you All right Swiftress says take out your pancake and stand still Oh my god Swiftress says no one in this spot Let's go over a few rules of call O duty. Swiftress says look to your left Hmm you see it in nothing's happening. Swiftress says look to your right Nothing's happening. Swiftress says jump once That would get us killed actually. Swiftress says look at the player across from you Sir Swiftress says go pick up your cross and remind me So just you drop your pancake on the floor That was thrumpses away from that All right Swiftress says we're continuing line with the lesson listen Short range pancake delivery is not so bad as long as you stand still This time we're going to explore long range pancake delivery or medium distance Swiftress says do not move sir you just moved that was bad Don't do that all right man. Nope. No moving All right All right, Swiftress says I'm going to help you guys out at this distance The pancake to reach your partner you have to look about Let's say 45 to the 60 degrees in the air. Swiftress says look look above The head of the person across from you. So it's tilt tilt up Swiftress says release Yeah Swiftress says do not move our pancake I overshot him. Yeah, I think I've overshot him. Yeah right over my head Very carefully. I'm gonna get you through this Swiftress says go into prone do not move go into prone. It's just going to prone Sir, do you not know your prone button good? I'm just gonna be the one that moves. No, don't worry. Listen. Listen. I am a professional I'm a professional Listen, listen, listen, don't worry. Don't worry My keyboard right now. Do I see a quick pick up your prop pancake He said pick it up Look, it's no one's fault. No one's fault I there was no way for anyone to get away alive from that one. There's no way All right one more try one more try Listen, don't worry. You got no one did anything wrong there. Good job. Now you guys are ready for the final test Congratulations, everyone You've passed your training you've done it You have you you you understand how to take out your pancake you know how to hold on to it You're willing to sacrifice yourself to capture and deliver these pancakes. I'm proud of every single one of you There's now time to put these skills into use. Swiftress says hold on to your pancake for the rest of the game Oh, no easy I haven't bind it to my back paddles now. Swiftress says we're finally doing a regular swifter says Good job guys great swifter says the last person to crouch dies I didn't get everyone it could have been you but I wasn't sure. Let's try that again I guess that's a don't worry. No, I don't need your guarantee bro. I'm good All right. Now I see everybody last person to stand eyes sort of just freeze Notice that someone's life ends while they're holding a pancake. They take the pancake with them the heaven Hang on hang on hang on To the four people I have not killed yet who are standing Swiftress is you four please make your way to the rooftop do your best Swiftress is snitch who's supposed to be up there So this right shall get I go to the roof So does you up there So just go to the roof there's a window you go go take the stairs and walk on to the roof I don't recommend doing that man I bought the roof with the pancake in your head. Yeah, that's not a good idea Okay, these uh Complete this training my push the wrong button I love seeing go yep there you go All right, Swiftress says one of you guys will be a lot to come back if you live Swiftress is you four listen carefully We know that if you throw a proximity mind at somebody with so little low health everyone's got five health They die so it says the only way you're allowed to hurt someone on that rooftop by throwing your proximity mind your pancake at them Swiftress says begin Oh, I did missed oh If you killed the guy who had good job now you see you killed the guy with the proximity mind Oh If you killed the guy the proximity mind disappears Oh, the proximity I've not gone off There we go Okay Good minigame right that was more strategic Take your pancake out bro. All right great Swiftress says stand up and follow me Well hold the pancake We'll be holding the pancake until last you take your pancake We're gonna have lunch so just a very spot you without it in your head add things happen We're gonna have the last supper again Oh please no last supper how many last supper's coming no no no no no we we look listen I'm not last last supper Just follow me and trust me we're gonna work this out. I wonder what Jesus said I said don't move when you throw your pancake on the table Swiftress says please go under the gondola or whatever this is You know, I was not waiting for I'll just wait now Did you know if you tossed your proximity mind into a spinning fan bleed like that it actually goes off No, I don't know that either actually I kind of made that up. We're gonna test it out. So just everyone really got into law Do not worry. You will not be risking your pancake. So just as freeze Oh snap. So just as I'm gonna toss my pancake up there. I don't like this game. Oh So just as do not move I gotta pick it up. Nobody move Oh Your movement for the low god Why is it don't move? All right good news guys The fan blades don't regret Swiftress says follow me into the barn Yes, I do This material all right Swiftress says Just To the southern wall of the barn Is this the north of southern is there you guys yeah, just go over us. You're good bro. Can you not block me on? Swiftress says freeze let me explain how it's gonna work. It's what is while holding your pancake like this So you know you're gonna go around you know, swear around every pole you're gonna return Back to the southern wall All right, got it ready set Again Switches this freeze Me yeah, you were trying to do that Nope All right, Swiftress says everyone else go Yeah Yeah, my wife get out of my pancake boot camp We're all going on to be the last one to do this. I just want to wait till everybody else does it I kind of want to die. I'm a finger Swiftress says if you Fingerestrand coming me I'm not changing my your fingers about all better again good. Yeah, my fingers are following me He found the tape Swiftress stand on the wall Did someone take some money drop the pancake yeah, I picked it up. All right, pick it back up. Oh Swiftress, please make sure standing on the wall. I'm so sorry I never thought I'd go through pain as long as you're as we're not sorry in heaven. It's fine Swiftress says crouch All right Now it's time for folks to be eliminated to any players last person to stand eyes Good job. Swiftress says first person to stand eyes Good, sort of just a stand up and you die Oh, you said I was a segmented sentence. Swiftress says crouch down. I delayed that one that one's not fair Try that again. Sort of just a stand up last and you die Okay The worst pepper of the truck. I'm shocked. Cult is all right Swiftress says last person to hop down dies Oh There's skin change on me. I don't know no no no no no Swiftress says following So does that go to the top floor A lot of people says I just go to the top floor I didn't know you move I think it was a funny thing. I didn't know you would live my finger It just your cat didn't I'm sure All right Swiftress says we can do some touching goes Swiftress says We're gonna go from Left to right you're left to right. So this is one of the time you know toss your proximity My your pancake down to the table you'll pick up your pancake and get a head back up there and each of you guys will do this once Swiftress says begin Oh, wait, we're just gonna do nothing Look they're dead. I don't want to know what I'll make you Swiftress says next Keep your gun on the back. I agree it's not cool man But you know you can hold that against Alexa gaming for the rest of your life. I think Alexa still couldn't do it So he's look of Lexa was a lavid parses them, but they're very dead. Swiftress says Her yes, what does this next? Oh, hold your thing back out quick You grab Care you have it you have or not you don't have you gotta let me know drag out of go I'm gonna put my pants poop away Yep I Oh my god, why is your box of mine not bro, so just as hold on to your pancake once you retrieve it. Thank you. So does continue Yep, so just keep on going until there's only one person until the everyone's done it Alexa gaming. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I like so She's the one that killed us where you apologize to her. Yeah, I'm confused I said he that was kind of rude. Yeah, I made the same mistake. I bet all right um Great good job everybody All right next your challenge is gonna be to when I fire my gun or your proximity mine at me and try and kill me with it already set go Oh So does this through that you are Oh No, you killed someone in their proxie mine disappears I don't know what happened right there