 So this is Motley I'm gonna give you the challenge of a lifetime. So just as follow me All right, so basically I'm gonna call this The crab escape everyone up there is crouched Your job will be to run from here. So just stay here and watch me in a run to safety Over here Everyone else here when I tell you to start running they can drop down remain crouched and they can they can attack you they can they can stab you While they're crouching I got to avoid all those crabs up there you got it Grace is just coming back. I know what's away. No, let's let's make sure there's no ambiguity what questions you have man All you gotta do is make your way top of that thing that was standing on over there and You gotta avoid the people crouch. That's all if someone crouches next to you. They're probably gonna stab you Wait do I do I do I have to crash? Nope, you're gonna run you have an advantage Okay, I'd pull out whatever woman has gives you better mobility is that it? Yeah, I guess I'll use this but you have a pistol Yeah, I got a pit use a pistol bro. Okay, great So it says you guys up there can drop down to try and use your claws to attack motley over here once I get say go Swiftress has go No collateral no collateral bro. Why are you going so slow? No, no, no wait, what was this up I can shoot That sucks melee only Okay, all right no problem. Okay, so unfortunately motley Don't worry man mistakes happen you're nervous. I never said you could shoot, but it's okay. So does Motley please me your microphone There you all right next let's see here Who killed who killed motley? Oh not me definitely not me Whoever killed whoever killed him is probably dead right alright, so his dancer come on over man Stand right over here you sir made a mistake right you killed Killed Let's hear fallen angel was fallen angel. All right, so if this says fallen angel, please rejoin the game. That's okay All right, so everyone reset give me another crab run His mistake there one mistake that he make he stopped man. He should have rushed over there, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, there's this crabs make your way back up. You don't have to be crouching to make you up. There's go back reset So dancer what do you think is your What is what do you think your odds are getting through this man seems pretty easy ready to just rush to over there You'd be fun. I actually have a question am I allowed to go around like through that little bit And that bro you're running this part right I'm bigger asking but you know in general Yeah, these I want to watch what's going on and And I kind of you know I wanted to be dangerous for you all right Well, I don't like my odds with that end group, but you know what I'll give it a shot. You know what? That's a great point What it says you guys are not allowed to drop the mirror so it says you guys can drop anywhere after these containers over here Yep, yep, yep The good point man You got treat our cod VIP right right? You don't have to but I appreciate you have to okay guys, what it says you guys can drop wherever you want all right so This fall in angel yeah Look man if you give the opportunity to make it more dangerous I will all right All right, all right there we go man sort of says go Oh You're not getting away Oh man, oh man, all right. That was rough. All right, Jody Danster GG's no gunfire great. I think we're done with that mini game unless Unless we will volunteer did anyone see this and thought hey, I've got a I could do it So just a stand up if you want to volunteer to give it a shot Yeah, come on over sort of sort of says everyone thinks they can do it come on over here Anyone else I'll let more than one person do it What's your name brave soul Andre and your name You gotta talk I gotta know who this is is this the guy muted. Yes, it's Kai Hi Hi, you saying his name is Josh All right, I don't need your name in real life. I need your name and call a duty No, no, no, no, that's my name and call the Josh a fan. Okay, all good. All right, so does this reset? Now you guys do this for content to me that's not enough. I feel like you guys need a reward if you pull this off That reward will be Determined later on All right for this one got you guys actually have to drop after the containers over here So which crate was it ever got it get on that last one over here Okay got you now You guys have had to practice rounds crabs going forward if you kill anyone that's not these two guys They stay dead and so will you seem to be careful up there, okay now being a bad crab has consequences All right Remember you guys aren't necessarily a team, but you guys can both win. There's no reason to screw each other over unless Helps your odds somehow Anywhere, so after says go Oh Who just went out of you desk who's he when made it Where's the second guy this is no it's the bipolar second guy you gotta got the minimally All right everyone phrase let's get an inventory of who died right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right right So it says Josh stand right over here. Swift says everyone else laps shoulder to shoulder down here. Josh is gonna make a selection. Can we just go against the fence please? Oh yes, so it says you guys can let us can stand up. It's fine. So Josh first me to interview. So just says Josh would you like to see people live or die? They are your competition. I want to see live. You want to see them live? No, no, no, I want to I want to see die. Let's go die. That's the right answer. If you want to see them live. Low low low. We're going to ski. I would have done. I would have done some a little bit dangerous there. All right. That was the correct answer. Now you're gonna choose six people. So it says go ahead just go go up to them and say you you you six people. You so it says once it's like to come to me. You you you and you. See the ocean you're up there too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. There we go. Good job. All right. So it says you six. Come with me. I want three guys on this roof over here. And three of you guys the other roof over there. Three B three. Swift says everyone else can come up to this roof to watch. It's gonna be a fantastic battle. In this battle of a three B three players will have to run and jump melee mid air. Only one survivor will survive that air battle. I'll be up here just for spectating purposes. Great. All right. So what does it want? Both teams single file line. Let's make it real simple here. Single file line. Back up to single file line. You need you need some running space over here. All right. Cool. First person each lawn. You'll be facing first the way the game works is that you guys will run and jump at the same time. And you can only hurt the other player while you're mid air. Understand. You'll have to be with you know you have to like stab or melee whatever when I say melee. I never mean throwing knife. All right. Swift says go. Wait wait wait wait wait wait. Bro bro bro bro chill. You were not in mid air right. So you stop stabbing. All right. Both of you guys reset. You're gonna try that again. You almost had it. You almost had it. Keep your blood us. Let us the air. You're on the wrong side man. One of you guys on the wrong side. All right. Okay. All right. Attempt number two. Ready set go. You got you got to same people. There you go. Okay. Let's switch this stop. All right. There is this harder than that than it looks like. Okay. You know what? Let's make this better. Both teams. You're all out the jumping stab in the air whenever you want. Switches begin. Switches begin. Very good. Once you've done it go back to your team. You got to do it again. One up your team right. You don't remember which team were you on. Keep it going guys. Let's go. Very good lightning. Next. It doesn't have to be a one on one. You guys know jump together. I guess that was legal. That's messed up. All right. You know we're gonna do this into this one player left. This is very disorganized. Let's get this over with. Success. All right. One be one. No, it's my team. Yeah. 90 more. Ooh. Wow. Lightning. That's very nice. I was rocking with. All right. Very good. All right. Josh. Lightning is your prize. You whittled down from six to one. Lightning is now your partner for this game. In situations where you're in trouble. Lightning can be summoned to help you. There you go. Congratulations. All right. Switches says everyone follow me. Okay. All right, switchers has no talking so you can listen clearly This wall over here is safety but not on this wall you're in trouble go What is this freeze You you basically switches as all the guys that moved Come on over You know what switches as all the guys that did it get on the wall. Hey, that's a lot of people it is don't worry We're not all gonna die. Oh, they don't think so. Yep, so just as if we plan to go on the wall go on the wall Make those dreams come true Go neki make some room All right, great five you guys, I don't I feel like there's more than five Because that was I'm not because you know it's ground upon unless you ask I mean Yeah, if they got away with the limit get away I mean I could snitch on two people I think we got merciful swifter in the house today savage I saw you move right so does this up in the wall please There you go, unfortunately you have a flashy skin you're kind of easy to catch You know, it's like pay to lose unfortunately, you know, I'm wearing the Laura skin Let's see here. All right great only half of you guys up there are gonna survive Sure, so what just says look at the person next to you that'll be the person you're gonna try to kill when I give the word There be no gunfire. I don't want to eat collaterals here All right, this wants me one of those when I say a word game So switch or says more than the game give me some ideas for a theme what theme should I use for this? Spongebob and use it I Spores I'll suck on the ice cream flavors that there's literally like anything to be an ice cream flavor Yeah, yeah, there's like there's like back in cheese flavor ice cream man. There's I'd be wrong no matter what I did Mercury Disgrace plan it Planets, okay, I like that one. I like that one solar system. We just starfield came out we've all been learning about Our our star system. All right cool When I say the name I'm a planet That is in our solar system Murder the person front of you With you know without using bullets So if just I was listening carefully I'm sure nothing fake planets give me a second here. Oh The moon Very good I gotta look I have to Google this now. This is too important for me to mess up No, I know the raw I'm very well aware if I say Venus these guys gonna hurt each other I Oh One hour later So if no says everyone follow me already So it says there are three tubs here. It's been a loss that we've done this many game tub three Top five top six tip for says please join you jump into any tub of your choice Bro come on My socks all right, okay, so it says it's time to role play imagine We've won a thousand years back in time we're in a room and your emperor has demanded some fresh wine I don't think it works this way, but anyway, imagine you are standing on grapes Walk around and crush those grapes and turn them into the grape juice, I guess So it's doing first the grapes Yes, I've been let to believe by cartoons. This is the way it used to happen I don't know if it's accurate There I go crushed them You may have been slaves when this happened, but don't worry you get the liquor tools when you're done. So you know again some free grape juice All right, so it says freeze All right now it's time to make sure that that grape juice is santerious who says go into prone All right get a good whiff of that grape juice make sure it's okay Also stab one player go like foot fungus God no one here is messing around All right, so it says stand back up I didn't really have a plan with this I do have a plan with this this is where you guys look at me Oh So it says it's right on this No, we can't Here are the rules this game the most deadly mini game I've done this far in the game ever Why? Because the rule will be as follows When you get on here You will be able to shoot anybody that is not on here. I don't know how this is gonna turn out Amazing I don't think so I think this is gonna ruin my game But I also want you to be clear. I don't want you shooting me I'm gonna be on here Is that close enough to kill me? I don't know Yeah, I think I'm okay, so one more time when I give you the word You get on top of there and you can shoot people who are not on top of there What to stop me from running on top of there? The god damn proximity mine That proximity mine putting that in there for future editing purposes All right Swiftress says does anyone have any issue with this mini game? Any complaints any concerns No, all right go Whoo, you guys are good Swiftress says let's make this uh A little bit more fair. Swiftress says they're gonna go to prone Swiftress says twist 360 degrees get your orientation It's in my randomized here So does keep on twisting all that you know when to go But does keep on turning around if you're not turning around. I'll shoot you myself There we go. This is to make sure that no one has a head start here, you know What's the game where they keep on spinning you around in a circle and then like let you go to your destination This is hard to keep on a mouse You're doing your best Okay, great. All right Swiftress says go Oh I'm pretty sure I was on top when I got shot some if you're kill cam shows you're on top and you got shot You can let me know That would that would did you murder a player that was on top If they were On the wall like if they're hanging on that count Hanging on the wall does not count your feet must be on top. I did not okay. All right Good news is that There are more people alive that thought they're big way to go bad news is that proxy mind killed like one person sad, right? Swiftress says follow me. Oh, man By the way happy birthday, Jager So this will be one of those moments I can summon lightning right Oh, yeah, sure, so what is the lab shoulder. Let's give you let's give you an opportunity to do it And I'm dead Actually, yes, yes, yes, there is absolutely so does lightning come on over He's dead. He's dead Unfortunately, it's hard to use somebody I saw myself back into the game So unfortunately being it will help you is contingent about him being alive All right, we have uh, let's see here six eight nine nine players. Okay, great Swiftress says there are four white lines here, which is says I want Two people on each line, which is says one of those lines. We have three people on them that will fix later on So it says begin Hey, I'm already on this Any of you switches as you must be on the line any land with more than two people will be dealt with Wow All right, you people with the three people in line kill one person How is that man? The thunder Oh, this will like drag me like a corpse across the floor in their home Key, you know, you might want to meet yourself if you're dead And then don't increment yourself live. All right I sorry. I was dragging a body. I'm sorry I know it's gonna just don't worry. I know All right, so it says this line of three people over here you guys will play a small game with me I love games last person crouch dies What are your names? I don't need to say switch or says for your names unsuitable. Yep, bext That would know what you guys are very disciplined not falling for any my lame tricks, but We fall for a more elaborate trick Which says you three when I say the name of a planet from our sailor system solar system You will turn this line of three into a line of two for example I say No It's gonna sound like one word anyway, right? Elvita Oof You Polaris Saturday Marsha Jumping jacks the sun Well, that's not bad. I bet Your mom has a nice a nice plant. Oh, that didn't sound as Guess who wants to be Fine Jumping jacks What was that dog from from Disney? I had the name of planet Pluto that's right They're very good you want us what else that Pluto they didn't kill each other You were about to eat Of course it was me It's got planet status again they fixed it it fixed it it's a planet again They we they we we we we we we we we we we we we we we're planet status no A planet it's still a category planet It's valid You're saying he murdered someone improperly Yes I'm gonna I'm gonna move on I'll let you to come sort of out whatever okay all right Congratulations if you guys have your your teammate now Unlike that previous mini-game you guys will not be harming your teammate All right, but what you're not allowed to do is communicate with your teammate So it just says everyone a man one person was not on your line Yeah, everyone a him I just said you can't communicate bro. I'm not alive You're dead to shut up bro Listen a point of this game is for them to 9v communication Great Now remember us being at one person that's not on your line Fire switcher says liars Pretty cool the seagulls in the air actually drop shadows on the map So if you look down you can see like the shadows kind of like flat around it's pretty cool switcher says fire That was a very very lucky me kill me delayed as well So what was that why was that gun shot so late bro I demand justice Sorry, I'm waiting for a response Um I don't know do you think is it just my audio that's delayed His teammate killed someone else have a slow reaction time Yeah, let's see we're gonna improve your reaction time out. Swiftress says crouch Low yeah I was there was there was some time in between the crouch and the gunfire If you had better reaction I mean live All right anyway I don't think they don't think you're the same guy you just made up your mini game what yeah What you just have to aim at someone random yeah what's no Where again Where you go no no no Oh, they just I just wanted to whittle down the lobby here. We have our file three players who says lap shoulder shoulder Damn you who have a kill me All right names please Next Fallen angel next scholar wow fallen angel you got killed early in the game during the during the redemption area and and you made it to the end All right great, so just as Follow me do three gonna be playing our final mini game Determine our winner Is gonna be a three-way deathmatch anything goes the only rule is you must be in this warehouse Swiftress says spread out Take your positions you want to be behind cover most likely yeah, you want to be behind cover right you want to be out in the open when I say begin Swiftress says you shoot me Okay great All right, so it says you want it well well you guys are staying listen guys guys spread out spread out So it says get behind cover so you cannot see any other player Is trying to throw the game for each other well if you guys would lose Okay great So Remember what I said about not seeing other players You're literally pointing at his feet man right right Swiftress says begin Oh smokes I said anything goes though. Oh wow Oh proximity mine guy Wait was that was that was that actually there's shot It was once proximity mine I shot it someone put that there All right, it was their own proximity mine it wasn't mine I shot the proximity mine killed them Who else that your proximity mine All right, so our winner was who Scaler scholar scala congratulations man with your shot did Um just shout out a community everybody in it and use Swiftress for Leo Thanks man great job that game good job everyone GG