 What's up, Unibros? Thank you for pressing like if you enjoy the video What is up, Unibros? We're playing some Snapper Olex, except it's not Snapper rifles that took too long. We have pistol pistol relic sure pistol relic There we go. We're gonna start off with Spider-Joseph over there who's in the spinner-round. We're doing a team style. So last team survive plays a mini game Okay Spider-Jose go for a man spin around fire one shot All right, area next around the side somewhere. I can't see you, but you're spinning Buck your turn There we go next Oh, it's shot gravity done You hit next How do your turn bro? That's team West by the way we're on team east extend up man. All right next All right next up the other you know this man Great this side What fortunate JP is out you shot me ha almost all right who's next over here is that Marcus I think Marcus please don't shoot me. Okay, there you are good deal. All right this side All right great reset team West Spider you're go man and kill you know man Lost Reaper he got a kill before he died though. So it's all right. How many kills one on teams never mind? All right nice all right buck you're up next man All right my turn and nothing all right next Helmos All right we saw off on my side. I think errors get errors up. No, stay in your spots guys. Is there a dead? No, I lost Next to me is it Audi Bucket Audi how it's Audi? Oh Pew Next Marcus Fuck stop jumping. Yeah, bro. No more jumping homie Back to you man spider spider you're go Yo, who starts grab grab oh There you go buck Wouldn't be an all irony if grab actually end up shooting Swift. Oh my god. No, no would not All right keep on going oh Srock all right area back up again man Steve is done good shot All right next I think it's who is it Audi? Yeah Oh Marcus Nothing Spider Error Oh god damn what? Damn you get got to Wow Oh Buck is out. All right my turn So you guys have the diggle is that why you hear a different shot? Yeah, you scumbags picking all weapons Kids It's 4v3 right now Yeah, you're Jim bro Marcus My turn Got blood on my screen it's not going away I heard the blood oh man this call shattered is hundreds a little piece You're too nowty Marcus Marcus you're up All right Oh Marcus Samo No Heirs up Need to get one of those guys out of your Marcus. Let's go Oh All right, it's it's 2v2 right now So guys team is gonna do this You Boys got thisいきます Oh Markis why why are you all right? I think a little tough for you guys stand right next to each other Marcus you go you go man All right Marcus What hang hang on remember remember all right Marcus go twice It's all right it's a little confusing Did you fire you gun Yeah, you'll get Marcus get twice Because you were skipped all right anti-pro go for it then Marcus Marcus Error Marcus Anti-pro Marcus Is Marcus really firing his gun? Yeah, there we go now I saw it Fire All right, this is the last shot all right all through all three of you guys go grab a digal all Alright, gentlemen, I need error and Anti-pro to stand right next to each other All right, yeah, that's good. We're gonna continue the game like this Marcus will go first All right now error What does that sound So Keep on going This is never gonna end it's gonna end bro All right It's now it's gonna end so Error's dad now it just remains Oh, that's right. I get a free mode camera forgot about that Great, but I was such a good camera You were man you were you're great the best camera all right guys move down the street a little bit the same street move down where it's a little bit Yeah, a little more sunlight there. We that's good. That's good Good I want you guys to face each other gonna do a duel Here's the way it's gonna work. Yeah, it's gonna shake hands Then you're gonna turn around so you're back to back Now when I give the word you're gonna walk as slowly as possible and Want to give you the word to fire you're gonna turn around and fire a single shot You can't jump you can't prone you can't dodge you turn around you pivot You aim and you fire you make that shot count Jump and walk as slowly as the game will let you You Fire Let's try that again face to face gentlemen round two You Pressure on Around so you're back to back Walk as slowly as the game will let you Fire So much Actually, who won that one was that Marcus? Yeah Good try good tie at you pro Got him for was slow boy Marcus, you know, I mean they were both too fast last time so understand turn around a little bit slow All right good game less wins it