 What's up everyone welcome to Swiftress says there's no rejoining no mercy this lobby if you die you die if another player kills you Your deadlet's showing example. All right. Let's see your Dalton white switches both of you guys look at each other Now For example if Dwight were to melee Dalton by mistake or Dalton more to melee Dwight by mistake That would be it for both of them basically. I'd kill the guy who made the mistake and the guy who was dead But it basically hold a grudge against the other guy forever for example Dalton killed white Good job. Swiftress says look at me. Swiftress is a stand up MP your crouching man where you were you were you were afraid that's one would make a mistake Does MP come on down bro? Let's sort of example of how disciplined everyone else says Dalton please stand right here Right, so does everyone in my Dalton. Oh, sorry. So does everybody in my MP Great now shooting him would be a mistake Those should even twice would not be a mistake fire Oh I made a mistake. All right dark Lord meet your microphone forever. Thank you. All right MP good job Everyone over here didn't do anything because I didn't say Swiftress says you were safe MP please return to the line Sort of says everyone aim at MP again All right hang on I need to figure out who this echo is coming from oh Why am I still getting echo right now? Yeah, please if that was you and you know is you keep yourself muted. Thank you. All right great MP You're pretty good man. I wasn't able to trick you All right, Swiftress says Just MP go back into the line What the heck is it? Come on down man Just joining Fine we have a sellout next I'll just kill you all right who all right who got killed by By Henry Henry I killed Henry. I'm ready look look Henry just said To the sky row, please make your way to the line. Oh All right listen look Henry doesn't have the kill if you doesn't want to Henry is a very reasonable person Me please. I thank you. So does everyone aim it stupid? So does the Henry says fire in the next five seconds unload I I did think Henry was gonna let him go Stop all right, so what does that stop? MP why you made All right great Swiftress has followed me. We need to find a ladder Swiftress is viewers please I need your help if you see who's praying that echo please let me know I feel like they are they're twine with me here Hi this perfect actually switch us up All right, we've got a bunch of blocks over here fairly low level Swiftress is standing in the white blocks over here We're on 30 players in the sloppy that number was gonna go down as the game progresses Swiftress says if there is a block under you please stand on that block I want you guys on the lowest block that you're Your next there you go great All right great Gonna play a little game called gravity last person drop down dies good luck No one's falling for that stuff All right, all you gotta do Just jump to the other side from those blocks without Like Swiftress is wick meet your microphone. Thank you. It's you All right, let's see here. Yep. Oh you guys gotta do is jump from this side the other side man to climb up without touching the floor Which is if you touch the floor you will go into prone Because you guys are allowed to move around to safer parts of this wall over here Which is as big in Makes a more further players you know once you're up there look at that very The last one Clem next Oh both of you guys Unfortunate I just double jumped across Let's go mom Yeah, all right three guys and make it all right still are moon cat lady Clem goofy goober So just three of you guys back on this wall over here. We're gonna give you another chance To craft control is to crown god there we go man Never too late to learn the controls except right now stop all right sort of says you three sort of set stand up shoulder shoulder over here All right, here we go so here is your challenge. Swiftress has all of you guys over here your job is to block off the edges So does if they're able to get past you you will die So just of these guys will be able to try and run and jump and get on here again just block the edges You guys up there you're blocking anything block something Why do I have to Arrow So it says you need to block Plausible location they make climb from there you go good enough great All right, so this is you three I'm gonna demonstrate how the game works I'm gonna try and come up first just give me a little bit of room. Let's see me try and grab a spot All right, I'm looking over here looking for an opening. I think I found one Oh, you try to try to be smooth. Ellie watch this Didn't make it great All right, so it says cat lady Clem you don't die immediately fail, but I want to give it a shot. It's a club give it a shot Yeah, yeah, don't worry not you don't die from this attempt. This is me trying to figure something out Oh Hey, all right, there's not you can get up there if you get up there. Ellie dies Oh, oh There's an opportunity All right, all right, Clem wait right there. I swear to his weight all right. All right goofy goober's for just as you're up next Nope, that's a fail all right and sailor moon Begin that was absolutely a fail Okay, you believe that was not a fail give me the logic Those are my blocks. Yes, so you believe that was the challenge I gave earlier Okay, goofy, so just as you two are good to be freaking congratulations goofy goober as my attendants was goofy come with me You believe that was my you believe that was my intent no worries No worries, so does you are forgiven you you you passed you jumped over there and you you chungly my challenge you jump from this side to some tiny little blocks on the side there No problem, man. I've got a new completely unrelated challenge for you If you goober What it says? Yeah, well you got to do So just all of you guys, please come up those blocks over there. I need the any this area Oh Well, it's me a 1v1 in you I'm gonna pick a block I'm gonna climb if I make the jump when a climate what guy do is get to another block That's higher successfully jumped to that one Okay Maybe we're good All right, let's see here Hmm Yeah, that looks good to me All right, great beat this height from that wall Uh This wall this is good. I do this one many of the beat this one And then you jump from anywhere I'm here jump from the white wall here Your feet must touch the white wall before you jump I think we all know the hit it for me Boy, you meant I can't I knew it all right Oh, super says you get one more chance you know what if you can match all right You know, I'll give you one more chance We'll just go back up over there and I'll let you time you over here The difference is with a moment when you do the floor Uh players can fire one bullet at you. So what does this begin? Oh That's more than one That was a worry of I only saw one bullet guys super says follow me Wow, I didn't know okay. I always saw one bullet. How are you talking about? Shhh, I said nothing forget their pictures. Well, I get everything forget everything. I didn't know I just want to Make a circle with no gaps. Oh I'm screwed Why why are you screwed by a circle? Why I know what the circle looks like? Yeah, why why the circle is scary part? I haven't done anything yet You want to scare the whole land as well Everyone's gonna move in cuz there's a big gap over that side. Oh, I have it. I Will move in submittal Oh gaps you're you're moving in just made everybody go out of it all right guys. Yeah, five seconds complete the circle So it says no gaps Five Two So it says freeze no more movement. That's it. So it says freeze All right, there are two ways you can get punished here one if you're not in the circle and number two if I break thing walk past you All right, first off, Joroy you are not You're not part of the circle Yeah, yeah, so does this joroy please come up over here man So if I can find you some friends My expecting for some some some gaps over here Oh pretty good pretty good All right, so it says everyone jump up and down So just as Joroy you will be spared if you can run and dive into that circle while they're trying to jump up and down Yeah, go to you like don't fast or not load a jump will also work by the end of the dive is your best bet If you can get to the circle that touching the floor outside you're safe. So just as a beginning You can do it dolphin kin. Oh, that was way too easy. Oh Fail bell challenge. All right, so it says stop jumping All right next challenge for this joroy Get out of the circle within 10 seconds good luck Don't just says good luck ten eight There you go Yeah, you have so far all right all right last time okay Great all right, so you did two challenges. I tried to get you killed man and workouts for the says Joroy as you're working choose one person do a similar challenge Hmm You know Just follow us Come on bro, you know who you are All right there you go you take a spot for the system please come with me You All right So it says Syrian please jump into the circle All right, so it says everyone has five seconds to tighten the circle if you'd like five Four and closer to two little bit of one Great All right, so it just says Syrian you have 10 seconds to leave the circle again Just go What the hell Oh That's all that's all the Syrian back inside the circle. No, that's not all sorry. I apologize. I apologize. I disappointed you All right, I'm so extremely disappointed man. No worries man. No worries Swift who says everyone aim in an angle in front of you Not at this feet. There's aim in front of you So does aim down I'm at disappoint you. We give you a better challenge So does aim down basically a couple like a foot in front of your feet So does aim down So it says fire uh sort of this fire one bullet every couple of seconds So Syrian get out of the circle in five seconds go five four Hey All right, he earned it good job. So it says everyone follow me So it says Syrian come stand on this trash can over here. I'm gonna be rewarded So it says Syrian wants to reward so it says give him all your bullets What's your life So does that stop So does that follow me he wanted to reward graduation You got it All right, let's get right into the warehouse He's some a lot of people alive I hear you We tested out Perfect Swift says everyone up over there Not here not here sir. So does this please give me a guy. Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh yeah Hey, bro All right, cool Let's make this challenging Challenging for quick switches says hit your microphone last warning Thank you. All right, great leave it me to please What's like Never mind all right great spifter says If you have a proximity mind Tossed on that roof without getting off the hill That's it there we go Excellent Switcher says no gunfire allowed So it says the last person the jump Where you are now to that roof We'll die so does you can jump onto any part of that roof is entire part of the roof that's that's completely safe So it was us begin Last person do it redo it if you failed Okay Run and jump tack tack sprints a little help there my spirit boys It's the last one Carol I don't see you on that roof man Why'd why'd you get off the roof I was a last one to jump Sir now you are There was another person who had not got a roof yet man you're gonna be safe Just Carol please get back up to the top there, but don't jump off Got it I didn't ask you to jump off man, so let's just go back up I'm like an echo this echo is killing me All right, Swift says your job stay right there or defend yourself with that shield I'm just so authoring knife Yeah, what was that That's on the liquor pouring star I was a knife Okay, there we go Sort of just car all you have to do is survive for three seconds Swift says you guys can unload in three seconds when I say go Swift says go On this year policy Um, why would you ever be honest? Don't be look don't give me the truth unless I demand it that's all don't volunteer it All right, that's okay, huh, Swift says please form a square on the northern side of that roof All right, it's time for a lot of people to die You Swift says no collaterals are allowed Swift says aim your gun at one player across from you somewhere If you kill more than one player, you will also die Quiz time Swift says when I say any name, uh, Swift says when I say the name of any day of the week in any language Will the player across from you Any language could be Japanese could be Spanish could be French could be Yes, Tuesday counts chop All right, Swift says freeze All right, great Swift says everyone who has a kill get off the roof If you don't have a kill you stay on that roof you failed me All right, let's see your Swift says echo your mom buck and Dalton sort of slap shoulder shoulder How can you guys don't have kills? What happened? And I think someone got the kill before me. Yeah, someone got the kill me for me That makes sense. That's logical. That's logic. All right. Let's make sure there's new guys have no other targets No competing no one else competing for your target. Swift says you four form two grips the two facing each other Oh god There are four of you. So you guys got it. There you go. So just look at the other person. Yep. So just look at your partner All right All right, this time it's a little bit differently. So just look at your partner great This time when I say any month in the year in any language to your partner December Buck echo congratulations December is a month of the year. What did they get wrong guys You guys All right, Swift says please follow me Ooh latency latency variation This one being an issue and I I bet all right, so just please follow me all right. Let's see here only one person gets to be a jerk here. That's me all right HUM Here we go This shouldn't be too hard great sort of stay on these white rocks anyway. We're all this fly Here to this before we're doing again How was that Great your job will be simple From any rock run and jump and hang off this fence I will demonstrate first I will eventually demonstrate successfully give me a second I Hang on didn't do a tax print there hang on look if I can't do it you're not look if I can't do it. I can make you guys do it Well, I don't know Who volunteered All right, put it in the bench. I wasn't able to do in four tries. So it just says you have four tries begin One I got appreciate that Two I wish I wish I wish I wouldn't do it I wouldn't do it I just got the latency thing so why we all do unfortunately. Yeah sure Three She it's easy white French easy. I just want to say to my fellow homelands. It was another Don't just says we fail to do it this time kill him Oh I was just remaster come on down While he was really lagging bad All right Master I forgive you but Swift or dozen That's really nice to be happy all right. All right. Since there's a lot of latency going on now for some reason We're gonna avoid any hardcore challenges. Everyone please follow me No So it says please follow me You got me you got okay. I'll take you You live yeah, there's a lot of latency here. I'm gonna pack a lost nonstop How much like guys Right on my stream right let's hear Please follow me drop into this room It's the lag French There you have some All right cool we have six players alive Let's turn you guys into three for the finale. I don't want to spend time in a lag game. So does this fly to partner No more quiz games Simon says could you partner Oh Oh wow, oh wow that lagged a lot. I look at why does it look like you guys Wow lag is bad All right all right and for two skimmy now you guys versus the lab we have Played versus SG and we have labs for scannable king So It says when the clock hits 16 000 clear clear partner That's gonna take to one when it's 1610 clear partner I did not say super says 1610 Hey We have our winner labs there you go all right yeah Grab this one a little quickly because the lag it's kind of crappy all right leps congratulations man. What's your victory speech? Stout's my competitors for making the game fun Beautiful all right Let's see your hot you have a lethal on you that explodes I'm gonna see for yeah I'll work just go ahead PG guys enjoy our games are our discord server Uh, just search Swift or discord on the internet good luck