 What's up everyone? We're doing throwing knife. We're alive. Let's use gun first. It'll be Hey, who's this It's big serge big serge serge gonna stay where you are actually You know what I goofed up gonna keep the camera rolling though and everyone to spin for me full speed Let's make sure everyone's got the right settings. No one should be roll spinning slow Been around Bro are you a D. S.ing? He changed He's I did change my settings. I don't know why it's doing itself Pass pass pass pass pass All right, everyone stop around the world and All right, we cannot solve the spinning problem. I got in trouble for that last time. That's all right All right, um, person has that go first where can jump in down for me again No, not you What's him? You're just gonna change with game All right go for it. You're gonna run a circle and throw throw a knife Okay, here we go. Oh in the middle right? No, no, no, no, no, over there's good. All right All right, we're gonna go counterclockwise. So guy was super slow turning your next You get closer Keep on going No complaints next Thank you. I appreciate Okay, next All right Keep it going Damn Keep it going if you didn't get the throw don't worry. I'll probably join you real soon next. Why did you stop before? Yeah, next As hell what the hell I was next next I don't know how to control it with my mouse Cool next Damn, I'm worse than peace. You got to play the game at least next Oh We're gonna skip me go ahead you go ahead So you can get me man Next They stopped before I had throwing knife didn't equip when I put it on so I guess you're just gonna wait until someone dies next Yeah, next me go always me yep, you're up man. Oh, oh What did the fire freak a site in a face? I Can't jump to me Give it go No no crouching a lot folks next It's a bad thing correct it is next That's the floor next Oh, I'm sorry and final person don't kill me. Please don't kill me. You'll kill me All right, there we go. All right everyone turn around look behind you put down your munitions box real low I Get All right guys have for a bonus round everyone's gonna spin and you're all gonna throw your knives when I give you the word everyone spin full speed Throw oh All right, we'll move that's a smoke rock Let's let's move in closer one guy shoulder shoulder in a circle Let's do our best and I'm assuming it's not gonna be a little tricky, but uh Be your best I All right, we're good are you spoon down your mr. Boxes again got enough got enough all right All right go for it you're up again Okay, here we go She Oh, yep when it's your turns gotten Like Thanks settle down. Rest me speed for next. Oh, I don't even know what's going on on my screen. I'm at like 20,000 BPI. Oh, oh. I just run a limb. I'll be doing this too, hang on. The miss. Next. Down and down. You're showing. Oh, everyone wait. Everyone got to watch the kill cat this way, this way, this way. Get bad, get bad. All right, continue folks. You. Yep, you're broke. Go for it. I don't know. Oh, my phone I was in the quit. I'm the. All right, guess you're just going to we had a run and die next. Yeah, all right. Oh, that's like I was. I got to show you to the shadow rail. He gone next. Oh, I can't breathe. I'm shaking the my. All is well next. All right, how you doing? Bro, bro, that was not throwing that. You really want to go through and then shake his heart, bro. Maybe a good. No, no, go back to your spot and we're aiming your throwing that. Is that a aim? I don't know. Aim. Can I come back? I don't have. That's a good one. How do you look at the guy? I got the. I think it's this guy, bro. I think this guy is the guy. He's the end of the thing, bro. What is going on? Throwing it in by a DPS. We're high. No, I'm sorry, man. No one here. Sacrifice will be avenged. Yep. Throwing knives at their feet. Back up back up a little bit. Oh, no, I dropped my knife. No. No, whatever. Throw it. We're going to throw him. What? He's cheating. Why do you almost kill me? He's a ghost mode. I'm just going to land. Throwing kill him is the guy in the center. Throwing knife kill him. The center kill him. No, no, they're going. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Yo, go out the going down to the center, bro. Come on, man. Come on. In the center. I thought you said kill him. What a throwing knife. You said just kill him. What? Throwing knife this guy. This is. Thank you. Thank you. All right. All right. Jesus. This is money. Oh, man. I'm, I'm, she even years off my life over here. All right. All right. Yo, Mountain Dew, we're going to see you in the game with you, dude. I activate my trap guard. Fuck. Next. I guess. Yeah. Oh, man. Let's see who is going to get this knife. No, man. Next. Oh, no. You guys keep going. That was fine. Replenish the maps. Isn't that Zary? Now do your up, bro. All right. All right. Come, man. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. Come. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You can't do that. No, sir. You can't do that. You can't do that. I have a gun. No. That's OK. You can't do it. I'm sorry. You can't do it. Next. All right. Can you stop making one throwing up in the floor here somewhere, man? Let me throw it in left for around here, man. Watch your turn, number. No. Get back with throwing the knife. Well, can I pick one up? Try. Try. Oh, wait. Knife at his foot but not at him Don't kill him not like you just throw down the floor they picked it up What like someone throw my throwing knife at a wall or something so we can pick it up Can you grab some they've been thrown This I can grab and you know I'm sending all right everyone throw throw knives at the wall behind you go pick it up There yeah, go pick it up off the wall there's on the floor. I see no where you run it to bro Here I see it Oh You got it no All right, yeah, all right back in the circle we try you can't pick it up cuz it's somebody's else. Yeah All right, I thought I was like it. That's fine. Okay. All right. They're close together Try it again. All right, let's begin. Let's continue. I Think I went last. Yeah, whatever just go. I'll get Next Next No, was that was that a stab or throw knife? Okay, continue The guy will throw that better not win this next Thought I had a chance. Keep it going. I'm out of throwing knives. Oh, I'm out of throwing knives. Yes, get me Yeah, I have to box down. Yeah, yeah, guys. I got a replenish. We need a replenish your knives Thank God no offense bro, but glad you're dead next Do you left All right, let's see here. Yeah, use me a little bit different guys All right All right, you guys reload your throwing knives me a little bit of a 1v1 All right, it's me a long range throwing knife competition between both of you guys so Far away far away you will you have to be the you bottom of the steps, please. That's your that's the back of those steps very bottom Yep, and you at the wall. All right, then you guys to start throwing go ahead Oh Let's back bro come on reload them. Oh, you need more height you need more height more angle You need You high Almost that one Where he's going to be not where he's at you got it for digs get it for the moon Little higher little higher there Oh, very close Very close Keep or more than down their munitions boxes Let's use your munitions box man you live in the ammo That was close all right Perfect height there you just need to predict where it rather Let's be stoners first when I know No, that makes me one of us organize a Dodge left games sooner than later. All right mirror cacking. Congratulations stoner very close All right Good game gg everyone thanks cooperating if you cooperate it