 Swift! What's up dudes welcome to Snapper O'Light Rounds Summit. Let's actually make sure everyone's got a you know their settings corrector when stand where you are just spin around in a circle. We're going to make sure you're going to full speed Amosist turned off make sure your guns out spin around for me please. Make sure your Snapper rifles out so we can trigger the you know there you go. Yeah looking good gentlemen looking good. Alright sweet it's not the best circle we've ever seen one of these games but we'll make it work. Alright so the person to go first will be you. Whoever you are I have no idea what he means. Go for it. So we're going to go clockwise for me. So go ahead. I got to do a spin around. Oh yeah yeah come at me bro go ahead spin around and fire. I dare you to kill me I double dare you. Maybe next time maybe next time. Alright next. Bedding is closed. Good luck. Yeah I left my name turned off from the previous games. Hide and seek so I've seen no names. Alright we're all going forward dude. Spin around. Oh shit. Alright next to my head. Everyone's got low health one shot should be enough to take out any player. He said then what's up. Let's go do it. I want to kill Jim. Oh you're not alone trust me you're not alone. Alright back into the circle. Alright next. Who is that alright can you call us like call us names when you see him come up. I have no idea. Go for it. Alright next. Apex. Alright next. Bowls. Ah, toxic. Oh you low man. Not a single turn he was the last to go but first to die. Man. Rest in peace you low. You can get a good guess who I want to keep it in. You can try. He's not going to do it. It's too early. Don't worry. I wish you luck. I wish you luck back somebody you'll be well dead by then. Alright go for it. If you kill me or if I kill you I will give you a million to fucks. A whole million that's a lot of sweet bucks. Alright. There you go. If I kill you you give me ten. Hmm, almost. Alright here we go. Good luck boys. Oh, TB. Rib. That's cool. You have to say sorry to the girl. I mean, why say sorry if they can't hear it. Alright next. I'll turn you up. Almost. Oh yeah, keep that keep the flow going. It was like right out my leg. Well, laggy one. We have a laggy one. Whoa. I mean, it's fine. Alright. Good try. Next. G-man. Shiny boy. Three months. Thank you very much, Shiny. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Are you? Alright. Noice. Very noice. Give me a while. Holy back. That's Jimmy. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Hey Jimmy. Jimmy, why are you in the back? You're like in a corner. Jimmy's afraid. I thought these are the circle, see? There's no one in here. Oh yeah. Thanks man. We wanted the circle not a square. Well, I just missed your shot so we can get on and go and so you can die. Let's go. You see how we walk so close to me? He's still got a mess. You see? I'm not even telling. Look at that man. I'm letting you cheat. Jimmy, stop back on the way. He's afraid. He's afraid. His greatest fear right now is if he dies before I die. He's terrified. He's terrified. He's terrified. He's terrified. Uh, I was close to Jimmy. Be afraid. Be very afraid. Everybody, everybody. Everybody is aiming for Jimmy. Wish to kill him. No, no. Aiming from it's not going to help unless you're some like phase optic God. Just, you know, spin of shit. There, that was guy on me. Yeah. Phase. They give me a power. That's going to even hit him. Oh. Belltrang. bell train uff at you now that the bell transit there is no one to stop the static was microphone he was the only cell he was the only one of the fence against the static no no nothing i could do about it you can block the both for them the gist of the men leaders it's my turn yeah bell train if you can unplug your microphone or do something man that'd be fat to the tastic i added another sniper to my gun i just have like two snipers ready to go all right i hear aiming for me you shot exactly where you were standing i love that you're protecting your own down do you want to do yourself or something with the heck get back in the circle bro guys nothing is different why you why you guys move it over there like you two like this guy anyway after my turn we're going to move everyone in all right all right guys let's come back to the circle compress it compress compress further in well where are you going buddy what the two were you're in the same spot you know just move in you're ready to move it right here am i right you guys are in the blue we just have in the blue move in a little bit you guys see names i don't i don't either you don't either okay good good now we're good all right go ahead g-man there we go oh wow was it really g-man's turn that's wrong that's wrong all right let's wrong yeah that's correct that's correct all right go ahead oh that's why you ran in yeah that makes sense all right go ahead you shot dude dude no bullets keep out of your sniper rifle got to do that again what i heard you heard i thought i was done move i didn't hear shot i didn't see anything happen the other gun i have i found oh there we go sorry soppy i didn't hear it sorry soby i'm the only sergeant in this game oh stop soby would fight you buddies wow what was that man that's killing the right next to me you're missing me huh no it's it's just setting up for the main course yeah it's your time will come yeah it's your time will come it's yeah it's a death sandwich your first the two patties or the two buns are there now it's time for that meat in the center look okay look look but you don't need to walk into my face to make this shot like all right you're good there there we go roach sheep three months thank you very much we appreciate the support all right go on jimmy i'm right here man you want to get close you can oh that was so close man that was that was at least 20 feet away from me all right here we go and no dice no one there she's there there's no one there oh thanks you clarify that all right wow thanks man that's really close that was really close to me all right i like this gun to they got to kill waiting to get killed this time that's a darn shame oh oh oh yeah yeah careful there buddy see your your grandpa's house oh it's so close to me wow to rush that a shoot to me you just miss your shot he's just like let me miss my shot get back get with the die i don't blame you man i don't blame you all right one more one more than we'll get a little closer oh wow that almost got me man all right closer closer yeah no maybe i don't know okay that might get around like it's older the soccer wait what oh no i'm at one more rotation not one more whatever that's fine that's fine get close that's fine all right go ahead all right someone's dying this time go for it who's your fire yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah move up a little bit here you go i'm lagging some reason yeah you are with that sky is lagging so please dad to please sell dad to pause is download of his special videos those daddy time videos got up wait till later you know what i want to go back to my old spot i don't like that that's scared me scared me yes then wow that's where all the shots are going why is everyone trying to kill me what about what did i do to you you want to kill Jimmy so badly last round me no i'm fine me last round it's still going on every round excuse me all right oh what a shame Jimmy you just stand right where you're standing all right flying moving pretty far back there huh you know you know what you know i know i'm before you know i'm going to be part of the circle me i like i got trillings for the box on i'm like i can't see here there we need to get him over here there we go and nope no all i know that's not all weird like we the shots usually go that way swept to you but when you told him to move over you went towards Jimmy become one with the bullet no this is not oh there i go see sterra now i realize yep hey there you go Mason got me that's just a shame but you know what the circle goes on the circle of death that was aiming for Jimmy not you now i can't die for now you guys can kill me as well i'm happy oh no no no no it's not the way it works no i'm pretend it's okay you're gonna die and i'm gonna enjoy it oh the open to three ruins glass all right hang on you're not gonna fire two shots one after another all right so bang bang go for it next can you move in a little closer please like oh my god two shots let's go there are you now oh oh close yeah i moved in with a different spot i'm feels i feel scared now oh be your eyes out i'm still waiting for one player to get double shots oh i'm over here it's your turn um we never had it it's your turn yeah ruin yeah sorry being you're up oh when i smoove in a little bit closer swift or enough no you're fine not two bullets is more than enough only so a few lives remaining giving me oh g-man is out woof all sweet would it be of gimme ones oh not at all oh well there goes right right it's a go don't show me the worst your brother oh nobody i'm getting them duplicity nah I don't win it bruh whoa I mean you know what was gonna win is gonna win All right Jimmy will be the last to go then we'll do our mini game to figure out who does next all right Guys stand in a triangle So you've probably done this before you've seen it. So what you're gonna do is gonna keep on spinning and then keep on firing once one person dies you stop All right first start spinning. I'll let you know when to start firing Keep spinning Wait, no bro, bro. Yeah, bro. Wait one step at a time Okay, keep spinning don't fire yet. There we go Look look Jack luck Matt it's what everyone starts spinning and then you start firing at the same time. So rodeo do not fire your gun just spin All right Everyone just spin don't fire the gun You can spin now there we go. Don't pull it great now fire your gun keep on firing keep on firing Keep firing your gun keep on firing Oh stop stop stop stop stop all right So see if there is for you what you dying is for me. I hope so all right Jimmy We up against you your opponent No, sorry look I could do anything It's not just rodeo rodeo just wasn't in disc where I pulled them in a moment ago All right, it's first Jimmy. Oh, Cleetus Cleetus. Are you gonna fire your snapper rifle and stuff? Oh Oh Oh, go over his go wow Who's gonna win this my gold he stole it well guys Given that both of you are of at least you know decent snapper skill level here's the way this is gonna work I'm gonna count to 10 and when I say fire you guys can kill each other you're a lot to move around the map wherever you want There's no stream watching so don't look at Jim low look at the stream for Jimmy's location So 10 but basically anything goes as long as you use your sniper rifles 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 fire Oh, Jimmy and that's it. He got it. That's shot. Yeah Bad luck with positioning what can you do all right Jimmy you ended up surviving after all Breaks my heart, but you know you you know when you went good game. Congratulations Yeah All right the great game good game guys fun times GG Thanks as always for watching the videos guys. This is just a heads up that I've got myself an Instagram Swift or says I Take photos when I travel. Oh, well, let's get out of that one something a little bit weird Anyway, I've totally got normal photos. You can check it out on the feed Definitely appreciate you guys checking it out if you choose to follow Appreciate you adding some bald man to your feed anyway guys. Thank you very much. See you guys next video