 What is up everyone? Welcome to Swiftress says just do what I say when I say Swiftress says it's a Simon says in college You're for example, if you're says crouch Swiftress says stand up Congratulations you guys have all confirmed you know how to play Swiftress says all right, so for your first challenge There are only Three LTV oh four LTV is over here you guys are 12 players and what three players in each LTV go So it says three players in three LTVs go Not this one three players on three LTVs Oh now here's a problem you have three players each on four LTVs. I was hoping that uh You have four on one of these that's okay three of you are in trouble This is LTV one LTV two LTV three and LTV four Swiftress says when I say any number one through four Perse on that number LTV will kill one player that means you go from three to two All right, so it says that starts now fine fine you guys didn't want to play along with that one that's okay Just as when I say number of your LTV one player must die in your LTV 15 8 Zero 12 11 99 100 Oh Well what whoa fat what no At what number LTV is this Matt are you there Same person oh just Matt come with me. I need to show you something So this is Matt please come with me Everyone's coming everyone coming we need to educate Matt Oh, is everyone else lap shoulder shoulder oh I'm just one on one So this is Matt please stand over here All right It was Matt Obviously some confusion Let me let's go over the basics What is this look at this fine Matt this is one sign So it just says more than else show him 100 bullets That's even close one why are you guys fire guns what a sad sad line wow wow what is this stop I Have you guys being real shy about why using your bullets? They give you a better reason to let's find out swiftest says please follow me Yeah, man back in my day Flying squads were were hungry for war crimes now everyone's all like yeah, I'm gonna see my ammo Sad days that day had to cook them Here we go If this is please surround this golden pot So it says don't move a muscle I'll be tossing a proxy me mine right on those flowers watch how nice about toss this is No move it could be better. I want a perfect toss hang on There we go. I was a good one down great Well there you go. Cool. I don't think that's gonna kill anyone Maybe it'll kill me if I don't I stay over here. I want a good angle. That's a dilemma I want to see what's going on. I also don't want to get murdered. You know what I'll just rejoin the emails After says last person on top of that pot dies What will you do? Just says you just fight no, why would you shoot him wrong please wait? Sauce Drop some ammo And this is why I hate high-pig oh switch that too. Oh look. I'm gonna rejoin the game But first I'll pull it up guys All right war chief. Oh It's been oh Actually, let me guys are off listen war chief. You can just look at back on men. Ben's not on the chance The chance how can you guys are running up the stairs and jump on top of this thing? Yeah, guys come on they got some the box Come on you can do it look at that. Oh Higher oh Here you go. Come on Swifter says kill war chief faster All right, so just please wait while I rejoin a match I Game a Trent welcome We're back amnesty for everyone So it is a look at your partner. Yeah Come on Stupid you have no partner man. So it says come you have to earn a loss a hard way All right guys stupid is the only one without a partner. Why don't you guys all look at him looking with sad eyes go ahead Oh sad Attacker oh my god You guys join stupid over there All right, so what was everyone else look towards us These three guys made a mistake, but don't worry only one of them will die But I'd like to know it's a certain someone's birthday Boop It's a taker's birthday Huh who said that's all given the president. Oh, oh, you're off in a present. Okay. There we go dark Lord. Would you like to give a attacker a present? Yeah, why not is okay great this is attacker Unfortunately, I don't know how old you are by feeling everyone to get a candle in their cake this should be able to blow up that candle and And make a wish As a attacker Dark Lord and stupid are two candles in your cake You can blow out one candle or no candles if you'd like You know what that's that silly. It's like a fun game Oh That's too can't see blah I want both candles It wants an extra piece of cake All right, I can't argue with the birthday boy. All right happy birthday attacker and dark Lord stupid sorry guys Supercess our one follow I don't even choose now. No partner. Damn it Can I change the layout on take talk what's probably the layout I tried doing the the compatibility mode is it garbage I actually I rushed it today so shame on me, but I can I can delete some stuff off there can't read the text So everyone freeze fix my mistake We're back great, but it says follow me You Give me on the stream. Yep, that's so it's gonna be like for today Actually, there was a fix for that I could fix that We better for next time Christ what does last down to the ledge Take your way over guys you don't have to clamp it there I'll make tiktok a lot nicer next time guys you can always switch to switch your view from vertical to a landscape I don't know how you do it, but you can't Landscape is more traditional I appreciate the follows guys great everyone's on here. Wow this fire behind me You know what I think this backdrop is a lot cool in over there one let me show the shoulder in the sawing You guys are good All right, guys Swift says last person on this awning dies go One two Wow, oh no You took the long route Man alright you know what you weren't meant to die that's okay There we go so does this last person up over here dies Yes Take your way up here sure taking your time Ben taking your time Ben oh my god Ah Payback Do it so hard to go to the present no my present no I refuse I refuse that that's it That's the last one that's the last one. Okay. That's the last one. Listen. I accept that you you're okay Well, you're done, but not okay. It's even blow up Swift says blow up the van I won't even kill anybody Just plans do like this music Destination my bullet miss the games. It's like nah, he's got a die I Can't you can't escape your fate Swift says follow me All right, Swift says it went on the tank barrel Oh What was that hang on can I make it up here don't think so That parkour skills are not that's back there are perfect Yeah, that's where I want to be Okay, never mind. Oh Let's play a game we have two four six eight players remaining Too many players for me to kill off the pilabia You guys remember this game from the previous episode Swift says follow me forget the tank barrel. We'll save that for later Oh Yes, which is backup backup backup backup bro. We have six children holding hands I assume this means something like love or peace or something narrow but I don't know I don't know but notice Six six six people over here eight of you So just as I want Each of you guys facing directly One of the six people just as if your head is not facing somebody It gets out if you want sure I think I said it Because if your face is not Your face is not facing them it means you automatically congratulations to fill power and Ben Clark's visible if you guys are safe That's right. That's right. I'm punishing the people who waited me who are you up? So does the fill power come with me man you're safe You're safe these guys assume that doing that thing would mean good things would happen. They are wrong So does this you two stand over here So does his face your face your graffiti So it says there are six of you so does make it for go. Oh My Guy Make it for not kill for What is that shotgun wait Wasn't him it wasn't him that killed What is true? You have four kills Yeah, he killed more All wrong guy everybody Yeah, yeah, you killed me Yeah, you killed all right, so this is Matt rejoin the game. It was Ben. He'll power come with me dude That was crazy that's scared me ill the wrong guy I Know Sauce this is like We was there no intention to be careful at all man What does this come inside I think it was gonna get me to but I backed away That I got you all right, so it says whoever worked here really liked horses What does that switch is Ben do you like horses? Yeah, the fun how about you fill you like horses? They're nice This fan is very loud destroy it please So it says we're gonna do some desk cleanup So it says please remove any mice from this desk You Guys need some help if the says remove any mice from the desk I think it's probably That's right he's in my way I don't want to kill him so just as Matt join these guys If I was to shoot then Swift I would have killed him Swift says remove the monitors from this desk The poor Yeah, they're very okay very sturdy great Swift says remove any keyboard from this desk You can't you can't so if the says remove the phones from this desk Remove any clip boards from this remove any clip boards from this desk Doors says power Ben I didn't say Swift says You blood thirsty off this cleanup crew Just as both of you come with me So it says Matt sit on this couch All right, the folks watching We have two horses over here. This is Albert And this is rod Albert rod sort of says you guys chat's gonna vote for their favorite horse and The horse that's not the favorite that players gonna die. So so does that step one you two go pick the horse that you want Albert or Rod one for each You got it great, so it says freeze all right chat time the vote Which is your favorite horse? Albert had a very striking portrait pose Well rod does entire horsey body and glory which will be type rod or Albert Give it 20 seconds No changing your horses by the way Now it's possible you might be voting for rod because it's much easier to type out. I don't know Albert's a very majestic name I think Albert's very dignified Albert Einstein Al Roker Al Pacino Weird Al Yankevich. I mean there's so many great owls out there Well, there we go All right, Phil Will seem to be a fan of of rod over here. So does a little power go join Matt over there All right now there are only two choices then Yeah, what's up? This is gonna be a 50 50 shot for you man. So it just says You can stick with your existing horse I'm gonna change. Okay. We're gonna change Albert's name to Al okay The Al or Rod what just says you can change your horse or you can keep your existing horse We do one more vote. So just choose the horse that you think is gonna win Don't don't do not see it. I'll just do it. Just do it. Stay or move without me know all right Okay, three two one swifter says breeze here we go guys All right one more vote will chat stick with with rod with it where they're loyalty be the same or will they switch To Al to you know give him some love as well Al I'm sorry hang on wrong one Whoops easy There we go all a rod Al or Rod What's it gonna be guys what's it gonna be It's for you All right, I had more seconds actually very close very close And Rod wins again Ben I respect your loyalty to Al Oh well What did you guys get that? Oh well I'm just as you to come with me All right, I like your weapons good Let's see here I have you guys love vehicles, but that's no fun. Swift says follow me Maybe I something with some meat on the bone you know what I mean So just a step inside step inside Got some tea here Ah remember we played the mini game on this one. That was a fun one break the glass break the glass Back clocks here I saw all the same exact ones copy pasta You It's looking for a fun thing to do man at the rug store You know what let's do it here So it just says crouch if you're if you like to sing All right All right, Matt crouched bill not not a singer I'm very bad at it though. Oh, that's okay. I'll see you. I have to I'm pretty shy though All right, Swift says both of you guys give a little bit of time for this But this is like he's these carpets remind me of My favorite Disney movies Aladdin Swift says each of you guys will pick one song from Aladdin and you're gonna sing me a few lines while you're on this carpet Any song you want to just go and Google on your phone You know songs from Aladdin lyrics pick one and you'll Just sing us and the audience will vote for their favorite You guys wanted the same song that's also fine remember the carpet is not have to do with the song song from Aladdin Yeah, Aladdin But the horse on a carpet with the princess It's okay in respect to her choices. All right, great. Which is you guys can stand up once you have your song ready There we go all right great Which is says What's up on the carpet first Yeah, so just come on down All right, all right, so does this Phil I don't even want to know the name of the song man as what it says I'm gonna be on this magic carpet ride with you, bro. Me and you All right, so just Phil I seen a few lines man, so it says you should look me in the eyes while you're singing by the way There we go, okay, okay, all right, so just fill go for it A whole new world a new fantastic point of view No one to tell us know Where to go or say we're holy dreaming All right, good stuff. Good stuff. Phil. They're good to go man guys. That was Phil. That was great All right, so does this please get off the goddamn carpet all right next up Come on down. It says beautiful All right All right, I like me in the eyes Matt my heart's already fluttering. I don't know give a give a really Work work the strings to make this work so does this that go for it A whole new world It dies a link plays that never knew But when I'm way up here, it's clear Clear that now I'm whole new world with you Now I'm in a whole world whole new world with you All right, let's go let's go. I was open to guys with different songs. That's okay. That's okay. All right great job both number one I just want to immediately say I can turn to this game a tie, you know, the guys are both winners All right, but now it's time to choose the players choice for winners. So we have Phil and Matt please vote for your favorite Who do you want singing at your at your 60-year-olds? You know Sweet sweet 16 birthday party if you bring it It was gonna pop out of that cake with most of their clothes on the sing who's it gonna be? Old players again love here. It's a close one guys Big fill All right, it's okay All right GG Phil and grads and the win man all I guess and I personally consider that a tie between you two All right, Phil. Let your shout out after when they're shout out sort of says shoot me All right sounds good. I shout out to my Twitch stream the underscore Phillip Power and also shout out to Swift over giving me the chance to participate in this amazing event and Thank you GG one game guys fun game. Thanks for for clop with that one There I go. I was my favorite part of the episode easily with for you Phil. I'll raise you up